http://www.wolfems.com/privacy.html
Follow us on:
Login
Create an account
Wolf EMS
Shopping Cart
Shopping cart is empty.
Contact us
+61 1300 297 763
MENU
HomeAboutNewsEventsDownloadsProductsDealersSupportContact
HomeAboutNewsEventsDownloadsProductsDealersSupportContact
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of WolfEMS. In this document, “we” or “us” refers
to WolfEMS Pty Ltd (ABN 20 046 887 710).
Our registered office is at 6/52-60 Garden Drive, Tullamarine Victoria 3043 Australia.
This is a notice to tell you our policy about all information that we record about you. It covers both information that could identify
you and information that could not.
We are extremely commited to protect your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all users of our web site are quite rightly concerned
to know that their data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third
party. Our policy is both specific and strict. It complies with Australian law. If you think our policy falls short of your expectations
or that we are failing to abide by our policy, do please tell us.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our web site immediately.
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any personally identifiable information collected at this
site.
Here is a list of the information we collect from you, either through our web site or because you give it to us in some other way, and
why it is necessary to collect it:
1. Basic identification and contact information, such as your name and contact details.
This information is used:
1. to provide you with the services which you request;
2. for verifying your identity for security purposes;
3. for marketing our services and products;
4. information which does not identify any individual may be used in a general way by us or third parties, to provide class information, for example relating to demographics or usage of a particular page or service.
2. Market place information
When we obtain information from you specifically to enable you to buy a service offered on our web site by some other person, we assume that in giving us your information, you are also giving us permission to pass it to the relevant person.
3. Your domain name and e-mail address are recognised by our servers and the pages that you visit are recorded. We shall not under any circumstances divulge your e-mail address to any person who is not an employee or contractor of ours and who does not need to know, either generally or specifically.
This information is used:
1. to correspond with you or deal with you as you expect.
2. in a collective way not referable to any particular individual, for the purpose of quality control and improvement of our site;
3. to send you news about the services to which you have signed up;
4. to tell you about other of our services
4. Information you post on our website
Information you send to us by posting to a forum or blog is stored on our servers. We do not specifically use that information except to allow it to be read, but you will see in our terms and conditions that we reserve a right to use it in any way we decide.
5. Website usage information
We may use software embedded in our website (such as JavaScript) to collect information about which pages you view and how you reach them, what you do when you visit a page, the length of time you remain on the page, and how we perform in providing content to you.
6. Financial information relating only to your credit cards
This information is never taken by us either through our website or otherwise. At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of PayPal or some other reputable payment service provider. That page may be dressed in our “livery”, but it is not controlled by us. Our staff and contractors never have access to it.
7. Note on padlock symbols and other trust marks
Many companies offer certification and an icon or other small graphic to prove to site visitors that the site is safe. Some certify to a high level of safety. Others are more concerned to take our money than to provide a useful service. We do not handle information about your credit card so do not subscribe to any such service. However, we suggest you assess this notice to judge that we do take your privacy seriously.
8. We retain your credit card information securely
We may keep your financial information to provide you with a better shopping experience next time you visit us and to prevent fraud.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser, and to encrypt any data you give us when you buy, including financial information such as credit or debit card numbers. Our SSL certificate encryption level is 256-bit. Whenever we ask for financial information, you can check that SSL is being used by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser URL bar or toolbar.
We take the following measures to protect your financial information:
1. We keep your financial information encrypted on our servers.
2. We do not keep all your data, so as to prevent the possibility of our duplicating a transaction without a new instruction from you.
3. Access to your information is restricted to authorised staff only
4. If we ask you questions about your financial information, we shall show only enough to identify the card(s) to which we refer.
9. Credit reference
To assist in combating fraud, we share information with credit reference agencies so far as it relates to clients or customers who instruct their credit card issuer to cancel payment to us without having first provided an acceptable reason to us and given us the opportunity to refund their money.
10. Business and personal information
This includes all information given to us in the course of your business and ours, such as information you give us in your capacity as our client. We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship. It is not used for any other purpose. We expect you to reciprocate this policy.
We keep information which forms part of our business record for a minimum of six years. That is because we may need it in some way to support a claim or defence in court. That is also the period within which our tax collecting authorities may demand to know it.
11. Third party advertising
Third parties may advertise on our web site. In doing so, those parties, their agents or other companies working for them may use technology that automatically collects your IP address when they send an advertisement that appears on our site to your browser. They may also use other technology such as cookies or JavaScript to personalise the content of, and to measure the performance of their adverts. We do not have control over these technologies or the data that these parties obtain. Accordingly, this privacy notice does not cover the information practices of these third parties.
12. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer’s hard drive through your web browser when you visit any web site. They are widely used to make web sites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.
You can manually disable cookies at any time - check your browser’s ‘Help’ to find out how. Although your browser software enables you to disable cookies, this will not affect your ability to view the site. We recommend that you allow the use of cookies in order to take advantage of the features of our website that rely on their use. You can still use this web site even if you choose to disable cookies.
Here are the ways we use cookies:
1. to record whether you have accepted the use of cookies on our web or not. If you not accepted may be our website not works properly.
2. to allow essential parts of our web site to operate for you.
3. to operate our content management system.
4. to operate the online notification form - the form that you use to contact us for any reason. This cookie is set on your arrival at our web site and deleted when you close your browser.
5. to enhance security on our contact form. It is set for use only through the contact form. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
6. to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to improve your experience of our site and enable us to increase sales. This cookie collects information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from, and the pages they visited.
7. to record that a user has viewed a webcast. It collects information in an anonymous form. This cookie expires when you close your browser.
8. to record your activity during a web cast. For example, as to whether you have asked a question or provided an opinion by ticking a box. This information is retained so that we
can serve your information to you when you return to the site. This cookie will record an anonymous ID for each user, but it will not use the information for any other purpose. This cookie will last for 30 days, when it will delete automatically.
9. to store your personal information so that you do not have to provide it afresh when you visit the site next time. This cookie will last for 30 days.
10. to enable you to watch videos we have placed on YouTube. YouTube will not store personally identifiable cookie information when you use YouTube’s privacy-enhanced mode.
Calling our help line
When you call our help line, we collect Calling Line Identification (CLI) information. We use this information to help improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our help line
Sending a message to our support system
When you send a message, we collect the data you have given to us in that message in order to obtain confirmation that you are entitled to receive the information and to provide to you the information you need. We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business / organisation. We do not keep any personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name or email address.
Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us. We use that information to resolve your complaint. If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and, if we do, what that information is. We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
Content you provide to us
If you provide information to us with a view to it being read, copied, downloaded or used by other people, we accept no responsibility for what that third party may do with it. It is up to you to satisfy yourself about the privacy level of every person who might see your information. If it is available to the entire World, you have no control whatever as to how it is used.
Marketing information
With your permission we pass your email address and name to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful. You may opt out of this service at any time by getting in contact with us.
Use of site by children
If you are under 18, you may use our site only with consent from a parent or guardian.
Disclosure to Government and their agencies. We are subject to the law like everyone else. We may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
At any time you may review or update the personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by contacting us at the address above. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
Sale of your personal information
Except as specified above, we do not rent, sell or otherwise disclose any of your information to any person outside our business.
Compliance with the law
This confidentiality policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your country, we should like to hear from you, but ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our web site, you may contact us on the details listed on the contact page. To better safeguard your information, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
Change in Privacy Policy
As we plan to ensure our privacy policy remains current, this policy is subject to change. Please return periodically to review our privacy policy.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy, please contact us through the contact page.
Information HomeAboutNewsEventsDownloadsDealersSupportOrders & Returns
Products
Accessories
Dashes & Data
Electrical
Merchandise
Software ECU
Suggested
Transmission Management
Tuning Tools
My Account
Log In
Create an Account
My Account
View Cart
Contact Us
6/52-60 Garden Drive
Tullamarine, Victoria 3043
Australia
Phone: +61 1300 297 763
Privacy Policy |
Sitemap
Site by CBO ©
Login to Wolf EMS
Lost password?
Don’t have an account? Create an account now
Your browser is out-of-date!
Update your browser to view this website correctly. Update my browser now
×