http://www.pughs.com/pages/privacy-policy.htm
Skip to Main Content
Home
About Pugh's Flowers
Our Story
Plants
Sympathy & Funerals
Hours & Locations
Corporate Services
Weddings & Events
Special Programs
Testimonials
Floral Blog
Employment
Privacy Policy
Last Modified – January 2, 2019
Welcome to the Pugh’s Flowers website. This site is owned and operated Pugh’s Flowers, which is a Tennessee Corporation. We respect the privacy of visitors to our website. This privacy policy applies to the online collection of personally identifying information via websites and/or mobile applications operated by Pugh’s Flowers, our affiliated companies and subsidiaries. This privacy policy statement does not apply to information collected in any other way, including offline. Please read this policy carefully so that you fully understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information. If you have questions about this policy, please email us at cs@pughs.com. The Pugh’s Flowers website may contain links to sites maintained by third parties. This privacy policy statement does not reflect the privacy practices of those sites or their owners. This privacy policy statement applies to each of our websites that we display it on. It is not applicable to any websites we do not display it on.
What information do we collect?
We collect personal information from you whenever you voluntarily provide that information to us while submitting a contact request, request for price quotation or request for a website evaluation. When using the contact request options on our website, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, phone number, subject and description of the information or services you are interested in. You may, however, visit our site without providing us with your personal information if you prefer. We have deployed Google Analytics and Google Remarketing code on our website. These codes allow Google to gather website traffic data and information via “Cookies.” We encourage you to review the policy section below labeled “Do We Use Cookies?”
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
; We market our firm in a number of ways, including the use of Google Adwords. We utilize other Google services as well, such as Analytics, Remarketing & we have also opted into advertising on the Google Display Ad Network
Google platforms, such as Analytics and Remarketing, utilize cookies to collect information from the website traffic coming across our website. We encourage you to read through the section below marked “Do We Use Cookies?” for a more complete description of what cookies are and what types of information they collect.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information on our site. Despite these measures, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser) You may opt to receive or block cookies. These cookies enable sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. The website traffic information gathered through these cookies allows us to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. We do not link data gathered from third party cookies back to any personal information received via voluntary information submissions from our website.
We utilize Google Analytics, Google Remarketing and have opted into advertising on the Google Display Network. Google utilizes cookies to gather website traffic data for web pages that we have deployed the code snippets on. These cookies allow the gathering of information such as: website traffic statistics, Internet domain and host names, Internet Protocol address information, operating systems and types of devices being utilized to access our website. These Google cookies also gather data that enables us to serve up advertisements about our products and services to our site visitors, whenever they visit websites who participate in the Google Display Ad Network. (The Marketing Industry refers to these types of cookies as “Advertising Cookies”).
We, and/or our third-party advertising service providers, may also place cookies or similar files on your computer for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our site. Cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as browser type, time spent on our site and pages visited (these types of cookies are typically referred to as “Session Cookies”).
The majority of modern browsers allow you to set up a notification which will alert you user each time a cookie is placed on your computer. Most browsers also allow you to block these cookies if that is your preference. Please be aware that some features of our website or our third party partner sites may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. Visitors to our website can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads. If that is of interest to you, we encourage you to read through the information available in the Ads Preferences Manager. You may also want to visit this Google site as well Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you are encouraged to email us at (cs@pughs.com).
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). Our website is not directed to children and we will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to use this website to provide us with any personally identifying information. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses and phone numbers) over the Internet. If you are under 13, please do not provide any information about yourself on this website. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Client Accounts
If you become a customer of Pugh’s Flowers, you will be able to access our website, browse the photos available for sale, set up an account and purchase and download copies of the photos you select. Your access to and use of our website, together with all other aspects of your relationship as a customer of Pugh’s Flowers, will be governed by your agreement with Pugh’s Flowers. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://pughs.com
2435 Whitten Road
Memphis, Tennessee 38133
United States
Email: cs@pughs.com
Phone: (901) 363-6233
×
Notice
General Store Information
Locations:
Whitten Road:
2435 Whitten Rd.
Memphis, TN 38133
901-405-6670
Poplar Ave:
5645 Poplar Ave.
Memphis, TN 38119
901-682-2501
Union Ave:
1882 Union Ave.
Memphis, TN 38104
901-726-1042
Southaven MS:
3075 Goodman Rd.
Suite 14
Southaven, MS 38672
662-342-1832
Privacy Policy
Terms & FAQs
Site Map