http://www.proaudioeurope.com/info/terms-and-conditions
Microphones
Condenser Mics
Dynamic mics
Stereo Mics
Ribbon Mics
Tube / Valve Mics
Microphone Accessories
Microphone Stands
Microphone Packs
Microphone Repairs
Used and Vintage Mics
Used & Vintage List
Our Demo Room
AEA
AKG
Austrian Audio
Audio Technica
Audix
Beyerdynamic
Coles
DPA
Ear Trumpet Labs
Earthworks
Soyuz
Funky Junk Guides
Cabling and Installation
Guide to Mic Stands
Guide to Headphones
Electrovoice
Extinct Audio
Flea
Mojave
Microtech Geffell
Neumann
Pearl
Royer Labs
Schoeps
Sennheiser
Shure
Sound Bites: AKG C12/C414
Sound Bites: Coles 4038
Sound Bites: Neumann U87
Sound Bites: Ribbon Mics
Outboard
500 Series
Channel Strips
Compressors / Dynamics
DI (Direct Injection)
Delays and Reverbs
Equalisers
Mic Preamps
Modules and Racks
Power Supplies
Summing Mixers
Outboard Repairs
Used & Vintage List
A-Designs
API
BAE
Bricasti
Chandler
Crane Song
D.W.Fearn
DBX
Dangerous Music
Drawmer
Empirical Labs
Eventide
Funky Junk Guides
A guide to compressors
A guide to EQs
JDK Audio
Lexicon
Little Labs
Manley Labs
Meris
Neumann
Neve
Pultec
Retro Instruments
Rupert Neve Designs
Solid State Logic
Thermionic Culture
Tube Tech
Cabling and Installation
Patchbays
Our Demo Room
Consoles
Analogue Consoles
Analogue Desks
Digital Consoles
Rack Mixers
Used and Vintage Consoles
Used & Vintage List
API
Audient
Chandler
Neve
SSL (Solid State Logic)
Trident Audio
PreSonus
Console Guides
An introduction to mixing consoles
A Guide To Small Modern Consoles
Sound Bites: Chilton Consoles
Soundbites: Classic Neve Desks
Studio Build
System Integration
Finance
Monitoring
Active Monitors
Amplifiers and Crossovers
Headphones
Headphone Amps
Passive Monitors
Personal Mixers
Main Monitors
Monitor Control
Sub Woofers
Speaker Stands
Adam Audio
APS
ATC Loudspeakers
Bryston
Barefoot Sound
Focal
Genelec
Neumann
PMC
Quested
Unity Audio
Monitor Guides
Our Demo Room
Cabling and Installation
Guide to Headphones
Studio Build
Sound Bites: Monitors
Digital Audio
Accessories
Audio Interfaces
Clocks and Syncronisers
Control Surfaces
Converters
DSP Processors
Mic Pre / Converter
Midi Interfaces
PCI / PCIe Cards
Recorders / Players
Pro Tools Systems
Software & Plug Ins
Antelope Audio
Apogee
Arturia
Audient
Avid
Burl Audio
Crane Song
Dangerous Music
Ferrofish
Focusrite
JoeCo
Lynx
Metric Halo
MOTU
Olympus
Prism Sound
Presonus
RME
SSL
Softube
Sonnox
Sound Toys
Universal Audio
Synthesisers
Accessories
Controllers
Drum Machines / Samplers
Effects / Pedals
Keyboard Stands
Midi Interfaces
Modular Eurorack Synths
Organs and Pianos
Sequencers
Synthesisers
Analogue Solutions
Arturia
Dread Box
Korg
Moog
Nord
Sequential
Sherman
Studio Logic
UDO Audio
Mastering
Mastering Compressors
Mastering Consoles
Mastering Converters
Mastering Equalisers
Mastering Monitors
Mastering Processors
Antelope
ATC
Burl Audio
Chandler
Crane Song
Dangerous Music
Elysia
Great River
IGS Audio
Manley
Maselec
PMC
Prism Sound
PSI Audio
Shadow Hills Industries
TC Electronic
Thermionic Culture
Tube Tech
Studio Stuff
Accessories
DI, Re-amp and Splitters
Patchbays
Power Supplies
Problem Solvers
Rack Kits
Tape
Cables
Analogue Cables
Digital Cables
Cable Testers
Looms and Snakes
Stands
Keyboard Stands
Microphone Stands
Speaker Stands
Speaker Isolation Pads
Studio Build
Acoustic Treatment
Studio Furniture
Adam Hall
Hosa Technology
K&M
Little Labs
Mosses & Mitchell
MTR
Primacoustic
Radial Engineering
Signex
Vovox
Used & Vintage
Channel Strips
Compressors / Dynamics
Consoles
Delays / Reverbs
Digital Audio
Effects
Equalisers
Mic Preamps
Microphones
Monitors
Multitracks
Noise Reduction
Summing Mixers
Synths / Keyboards
Used & Vintage List
Sell Your Gear
Part Exchange
Clients
360 Mastering
Blue Pro Mastering, London
Britannia Row Studios
Curve Pusher, London
Eminem
Horus Mastering Studio
Karma Sound Studios
Laura Groves
MAMIA Studio, Spain
Mdb Studio - Portugal
Mozart & Friends
Pete Townsend
Red Bull Studios, Cape Town
Redbull Studios, New York
Simon Campbell / Supertone
Stuart Macleod, Beetroot Studios
Terminal Music, Glasgow
The One Club, Beijing
University of Surrey
Adrian Bushby, London
BOP Studios, SA
British Grove Studios
Deaf School
Goetz Botzenhardt
Ijahman Levi
Kate Bush, 50 Words For Snow
Leeds College
Marie Ingerslev
Michiel Spek
Mushroom Studios, Italy
Prime Studio - Austria
Red Bull Studios, Copenhagen
Red Bull Studios, Paris
Snap! Studios, London
Studio Contrepoint, France
The Dairy Studios
The Royal Academy Of Music
Villa Studio, Thailand
Aphex Twin
Bravo Studios – Tiblisi
Calvin Harris
Distiller Studio
Highfield Unit – Oxford
Joe McGrath, Hellfire Studios
Kate Bush, Aerial
Lightship95
Mark Ronson
Midas Studios, Finland
Nerina Pallot
Prince Hins, China
Red Bull Studios, London
Red Bull Studios, São Paulo
Spinsound, South Africa
Studio Debah, France
The London Sound Laboratory
Toby Smith
XL Recordings
Black Rock Residential Studios
Brighton Electric Studio
Cowshed Studios, London
Electric Mastering
Holy Mountain Studios
John Wood
Kate Bush, Directors Cut
Lush Recording Studios
Matthew Herbert
Mike Skinner - The Streets
Ocean Sound Recordings
Private Client - Barcelona
Red Bull Studios, Madrid
Rolling Stones
St Mungos
Temple Lane Recording Studio
Mad Professor
Universal Music South Africa
Preisner Studio, Poland
Resources
Blah Q&A
Classic Catalogue
Classic Brochures
Funky Junk Guides
Funky Junk Glossary
Punk Pages
Special Projects
Blogs
Press
Sound Bites
Videos
News
Funky Junk takes pride of our wide range of knowledge and experience about the equipment you buy, browse through our vast resources section for studio recording related articles and information.
Terms and Conditions
Resources Home : Terms and Conditions
Share This:
Payment
Mastercard, Visa, Visa Debit, Solo, Visa Electron
We also accept bank draft, bank transfer, company cheque or cash.
Please call or email to pay by these methods.
Warranty
Used – outboard, mics, monitors etc – 3 months parts and labour.
Multitrack Recorders – guaranteed serviced prior to sale.
Consoles – as stated on invoice
Privacy Policy
Funky Junk respects your privacy and will not sell or disclose your personal information to any third party.
Funky Junk will never send unsolicited emails. We have a subscription form for those wanting to receive our newsletters but other customers can be assured of total privacy.
VAT
UK
VAT will be charged at 20%. For packing and overnight shipping charges please view here
Shipping for bulky/weighty items can be obtained on application.
EEC
If customers have a VAT (TVA) registration number this should be included on their order confirmation. Goods will be supplied tax free. If customers are not registered, VAT will be charged at 20%. For packing and overnight shipping charges please view here
Shipping for bulky/weighty items can be obtained on application.
USA
All goods are sold tax free, although import duty may be charged by US customs.
All shipping will require an individual quote.
THE REST OF THE WORLD
VAT will be charged online at 20% but telephone/email sales are tax free.
Please contact us for details.
All shipping will require an individual quote.
In many countries duty may be payable upon receipt; you should check with your local customs office for local details.
Please don’t ask us to commit fraud by issuing false invoices to avoid duty.
Import duties VAT, taxes or any additional regional import charges are not included in the item price or our shipping charges. Please check with your country’s customs office to determine any additional costs that may be incurred with your shipment.
We cannot lower values or declare purchases as ‘gifts’.
Bank Details
Lloyds Bank Plc
Highbury Corner Branch, 31-33 Holloway Rd, London N7 8JU
Account name: Funky Junk Limited
IBAN Code: GB18 LOYD 3094 2100 2653 78
Account no: 00265378
Sort Code: 30-94-21
BIC: LOYDGB21180
US Dollar account as above. Account no: 11219502.
Please advise us when transfers are made and if possible email or fax a copy of the transfer document.
Our fax number is; +44(0) 207 609 5483 Please email to; claire@funky-junk.co.uk
Thanks
Financing & Leasing
We can assist in arranging finance or leasing terms for larger items or packages of equipment. Details on request.
Terms Of Sale
Definitions
In these conditions the words set out below shall (except where the context otherwise requires) have the meanings set out opposite them:
‘Goods’ – goods supplied by Funky Junk Limited including any computer programs (‘Software’)
‘Purchaser’ – any person, firm, company, government body or other authority purchasing Goods from Funky Junk Limited and/or for whom Funky Junk Limited provide Installation.
‘Installation’ – any work and services to be carried out by Funky Junk Limited and/or Funky Junk Limited’s subcontractors in connection with the Installation of Goods and/or other products for a Purchaser.
‘Price(s)’ – Funky Junk’s price(s) for Goods (including in the case of Software a license fee payable by the Purchaser in one single installment) and/or Funky Junk’s price(s) for Installation.
General
Funky Junk Limited only accept and fulfill orders for the supply of Goods and/or Installation upon and subject to these conditions and no variation or addition will be of any legal effect unless expressly approved in writing by one of Funky Junk Limited’s authorised signatories. These conditions shall prevail over any terms and conditions of the Purchaser.
Funky Junk Limited’s acceptance of a Purchaser’s Order will only take place when Funky Junk Limited give a written acknowledgement or when Funky Junk Limited ship goods.
Once accepted a Purchaser’s Order cannot be cancelled except with Funky Junk Limited written agreement.
Price
Subject to the following provisions of this condition and condition 9 (1) below Prices will be as shown on Funky Junk Limited’s quotation and/or Funky Junk Limited’s acknowledgement.
Funky Junk Limited reserve the right to increase Prices by such amount as may be necessary to cover any increases in the costs incurred by Funky Junk Limited in supplying Goods and/or in Installation as a result of changes in market conditions between the date of Funky Junk Limited’s quotation and the relevant delivery date (or date of completion of Installation if later). Changes in market conditions shall include (but shall not be limited to) variations in exchange rate, the imposition of new taxes levies and surcharges, changes in the basis or rates of existing taxes surcharges and levies, and trading restrictions caused by Governmental or statutory controls.
In addition to the Price the Purchaser will be liable to pay Funky Junk Limited on demand the cost of carriage and insurance in transit of Goods delivered together with any applicable VAT or Sales Tax on the Price and on such costs at the rate in force at the time of delivery or, if later, completion of Installation.
Payment
Payment of the Price together with any applicable carriage VAT or other charges is to be made in accordance with Funky Junk Limited’s quotation and/or acceptance. Unless Funky Junk Limited agree otherwise Goods to be exported and Installation to be carried out outside the United Kingdom shall be fully paid for prior to shipment in cash in accordance with Funky Junk Limited’s requirements
Any monies due or payable to Funky Junk Limited by the Purchaser which are not paid on the due date shall (without prejudice to Funky Junk Limited’s other rights and remedies) carry interest from day to day at 4% per annum above the base rate of Funky Junk Limited’s Bankers in force for the time being with a minimum of 10% per annum, compounded monthly (after as well as before judgement) from the due date until payment.
Delivery
Unless otherwise agreed the Purchaser will arrange shipping and insurance and pay all duties applicable. Otherwise Funky Junk Limited shall make delivery of Goods in whatever form and by whatever means Funky Junk Limited consider appropriate and Funky Junk Limited reserve the right to make part deliveries.
Goods are dispatched at the Purchaser’s expense and risk unless Funky Junk Limited expressly agree otherwise.
Funky Junk Limited make every effort to adhere to delivery dates and dates specified for completion of Installation but these are given without obligation on Funky Junk Limited’s part and must be considered approximate only. Funky Junk Limited shall not be liable for delay in delivery or Installation.
Export
All import and other duties shall be met by the Purchaser and the Purchaser shall ensure that all applicable import/export licenses certificates of origin and any other relevant documentation and authorisations have been procured prior to the shipment.
The Purchaser shall be responsible for ensuring that Goods and/or Installation comply with relevant governmental and other Regulations.
Receipt and Acceptance of Goods/Claims
The Purchaser will evidence receipt of Goods delivered by signing a delivery note at the time of delivery. Subject to any notification Funky Junk Limited receive in accordance with the following provisions of this condition the Purchaser will be deemed to have accepted the Goods delivered within seven working days after delivery or if an authorised Software download within 24 hours of payment.
Complaints regarding shortages damage or other discrepancies in respect of Goods delivered must be notified in writing to Funky Junk Limited promptly and, in any event, within seven (7) working days of delivery.
In the event of complete non-delivery of Goods ordered the Purchaser shall give written notification to Funky Junk Limited and the relevant Carrier (if any) within three (3) working days after Funky Junk Limited have notified the Purchaser of dispatch of the Goods in question or in the absence of such notification of dispatch, within seven (7) days after the estimated delivery date.
In the case of Goods damaged in transit
the packing material is to be retained by the Purchaser for Funky Junk Limited’s inspection;
Damage of discrepancies should be noted at the time of delivery and the relevant delivery notes marked accordingly. Delivery notes marked ‘unexamined’ cannot be accepted.
No claim for transit damage will be considered where Goods are collected by the Purchaser or the Purchaser’s agent or carrier.
Where Funky Junk Limited accept responsibility under this Condition Funky Junk Limited shall at Funky Junk Limited’s option replace or repair any Goods proved to Funky Junk Limited’s satisfaction to have been lost or damaged in transit.
Software License/Intellectual Property Rights
Software shall only be used for operating the Goods for which it was designated.
Any complaint regarding Software regardless of its nature must be made not later than three (3) months from the date of delivery or download. The Purchaser is not entitled to claim defects in Software after expiry of this period.
The Purchaser undertakes to indemnify Funky Junk Limited and/or Funky Junk Limited’s sub-contractors against all damages costs and expenses which Funky Junk Limited or Funky Junk Limited’s sub-contractors may incur as a result of any Goods and/or Installation designed, constructed or carried out in accordance with the Purchaser’s specification or requirements involving a claim for infringement of any patents copyrights or other intellectual property right.
Installation
Funky Junk Limited only undertake Installation where Funky Junk Limited expressly agree to do so in Funky Junk Limited’s quotation and/or acceptance and the provision of Installation shall be subject to the following;
The work and services comprised in Installation shall be as described in Funky Junk Limited’s quotation and Funky Junk Limited reserve the right to increase the Price to cover the cost (including a reasonable profit element) of any addition and/or variation which Funky Junk Limited agreed to provide.
Funky Junk Limited reserves the right to sub-contract the whole or part of Installation.
Unless otherwise expressly agreed in Funky Junk Limited’s quotation or acknowledgement Installation does not include;
Building and electrical supply work or the associated works of other trades.
The supply of items other than the Goods specified in Funky Junk Limited’s quotation.
The Purchaser shall prepare the area of delivery and the premises for the Installation and shall provide free access to the premises and to any services or facilities that may be required to carry out the Installation.
The Purchaser shall be solely responsible for all loss or damage to any plant tools equipment and Goods properly on site for the purposes of carrying out the Installation.
The Purchaser shall at its expense obtain every license permit or authority that may be required in connection with the Installation and shall at its expense ensure that there is adequate insurance against all loss or damage that could foreseeably arise in the carrying out of the Installation.
Ownership of Goods
Funky Junk Limited shall retain the sole property in and all legal and beneficial title to any Goods delivered until the full Price and the Price of any associated Installation and all other additional costs (as set out in Conditions 3(3), 4(1), 6(1) and 9(1) above) therefore have been received by Funky Junk Limited and the Purchaser acknowledges that it will hold such Goods as bailee for Funky Junk Limited until such payment is made.
If Goods are delivered or otherwise come into possession of the Purchaser before payment in full has been made as above and if;
there shall be any default in due payment by the Purchaser of the full price and additional costs for such Goods and/or any associated Installation; or
the Purchaser being a company shall enter into liquidation (other than for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction) or shall have a Receiver or Administrator appointed over the whole or any part of its undertaking or assets; or
the Purchaser being one or more individuals any one or more of such individuals shall be subject to a bankruptcy petition, enter into an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors or be made bankrupt; then, and in any such case, Funky Junk Limited may forthwith (whether or not payment for the Goods delivered is due) recover possession of and permanently retain any Goods which have not passed into the ownership of the Purchaser as aforesaid and Funky Junk Limited may, for this purpose, at any time enter upon the Purchaser’s premises where the Goods are kept or reasonably thought to be kept and may repossess and remove the same (even if fixed to premises or incorporated in other equipment) without incurring any liability for any damage necessarily resulting from such entry and removal.
In the absence of any express indication any payment by the Purchaser shall be applied in discharge of Funky Junk Limited’s invoices to the Purchaser in respect of which payment is longest outstanding.
Default
In the event that the Purchaser fails to pay for Goods ordered or Installation or if any one or more of the events set out in condition 10(2)(ii) or 10(2)(iii) above occur, or if the Purchaser commits a material breach of any of these conditions and/or any contract governed by them and fails to remedy the same (if capable of remedy) within 30 days of being given written notice so to do by us, Funky Junk Limited reserve the right (without prejudice to Funky Junk Limited’s other rights and remedies) to suspend delivery of all or part of any Goods ordered and/or suspend all or any Installation until due payment has been made and/or to require payment in advance and/or otherwise vary the terms of payment for Goods ordered and/or Installation and/or to treat the contract(s) to which the breach relates as discharged.
Modification
Funky Junk Limited reserve the right (for Funky Junk Limited’s and Funky Junk Limited’s sub-contractors) at any time and without previous notice to alter from time to time the design, specification or construction of Goods without incurring any obligation to incorporate such alterations in Goods previously ordered or delivered.
Guarantee and limitation of liability
All new equipment carries full manufacturer’s warranty supported by Funky Junk Limited/ Boffin Island service department and telephone support line. All used equipment is fully serviced except where stated and carries a three month Funky Junk Limited warranty.
If the item of Goods in question is no longer available Funky Junk Limited shall do their best to provide a suitable alternative and the Purchaser shall be bound to accept this.
Normal wear and tear and parts of an expendable nature are not covered.
Damage resulting from or aggravated by negligence, failure to follow correct operating procedures, misuse, or unauthorised modifications, or the fitting of non-original parts by the Purchaser or its agents is excluded.
The Purchaser must promptly report alleged defects to Funky Junk Limited and at Funky Junk Limited’s request, promptly return the Goods in question to Funky Junk Limited suitably packed.
In no circumstances whatsoever shall Funky Junk Limited’s liability extend beyond repairing or replacing the actual items supplied. The Purchaser shall be liable for the cost of removal shipment and/or re-Installation of Goods.
This guarantee does not affect statutory rights of the Purchaser when dealing as a consumer within the meaning of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 as amended or re-enacted from time to time.
Subject to Conditions 13(1) and (2) above all conditions, guarantees or warranties whether express or implied by statute, common law or otherwise including but not by way of limitation (but not so including in the case of Goods supplied to the Purchaser dealing as a Consumer within the meaning of the said Act) conditions, guarantees or warranties as to the quality or fitness for purpose of Goods and/or Installation or as to their conformity with description or sample are hereby excluded.
The Purchaser acknowledges that it has relied solely on its own judgement in assessing whether Goods Installation and/or Software are fit for any particular purpose for which they may be required by the Purchaser.
Neither Funky Junk Limited nor Funky Junk Limited’s sub-contractors shall be liable for direct or consequential loss or damage resulting from Goods and/or the use thereof and/or Installation (except death or personal injury resulting from Funky Junk Limited’s negligence within the meaning of the said Act).
Force Majeure
Funky Junk Limited shall be under no liability in respect of anything which, apart from this Condition, may constitute breach of any contract governed by these Conditions arising by reason of any cause or circumstance beyond Funky Junk Limited’s reasonable control which prevents performance of the contract in question.
Miscellaneous
Any notice to be given by one party to the other shall be given in writing and shall be properly served if sent by prepaid first class post or fax or electronic mail to the registered office or last known business address of the party to be served and if such notice is sent by post it shall be deemed to have been received on the third business day after posting and if sent by fax or electronic mail shall be deemed to have been received at the time of dispatch.
Where the Purchaser comprises two or more persons their liabilities and obligations to Funky Junk Limited shall be joint and several.
The headings of the preceding clauses shall not affect the interpretation of these conditions.
The singular shall include the plural and vice versa.
These conditions and any contract governed by them shall be construed in accordance with English Law and the English Courts shall have sole jurisdiction in any dispute relating thereto. Funky Junk Limited shall however be entitled to waive the aforementioned statement of jurisdiction and shall always be entitled to proceed against the Purchaser at the Purchaser’s venue or any other court having jurisdiction over the Purchaser.
If these conditions or any contract governed by them shall be or become invalid or unenforceable in any way and to any extent by any existing or future rule or law, statue, order directions or regulation applicable thereto then the same shall to the extent of such invalidity or unenforceability be deemed to have been deleted from the conditions and/or the said contract which shall remain in full force and effect as regards all other provisions. August 2009
International Orders
Please provide us with your shipping account number to enable us to process your order. Since import taxes and or duties that your goverment might impose on products shipped from the UK may apply, Funky Junk Limited reserves the right to ship only on your account. This eliminates charges billed to us when the shipper cannot or does not collect duties and tax from the receiver. A Fed Ex or UPS account can be established over the phone in minutes, please look up the local number on their web site (www.federalexpress.com) or (www.ups.com) in order to open an account. These are the safest methods of shipment.
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
Sign up for our monthly mailshot and to get our Used & Vintage deals list before it hits the website and special promotions.
GO
Other branches
Download Our Brochure
We Speak: English - Français - Español - Italiano -
Portuguese - Russian - Hebrew - Strine
© 1991 - 2020 Funky Junk Ltd All Rights Reserved