https://www.rapidrepair.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home
iPod
iPad
iPhone
Zune
Repair Tools
Express Testing
Ipod
iPhone
iPad
Zune
More...
Other Items
Repair Parts
Repair Tools
iPod Screen Repair
iPod Accessories
iPod Battery Replacements
iPod Hard Drive Upgrades
iPod Scratch Repair
iPod Data Recovery
iVue Clear Panels for iPod
Express Testing
iPod
iPhone
iPad
Zune
Refurbished Products
Repair Guides
Home/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rapid Repair: Policies & General Info
Shipping
|  Returns  |  Warranty
|  Repair  |  Color
Mods  |  Privacy Policy  |  Payments | ThinSkin
Please note that by placing an order and/or by shipping a device to us for service, you are asking us to provide parts/service per the policies below.
iPod, iPhone, iPad, Zune & Other Electronic Device Repair Service
Q. How does the
Express Testing work?
A.
3 Simple steps involved:
Step 1: Order the Express Testing Repair Service from our website.
Step 2:
Send your broken electronic device to our Repair Service Center using your own packaging or by using the prepaid box we sent to you. Instructions on where to send your broken device for repairs will be sent to your E-mail address after check out and will also appear on the screen with your printable invoice.
Step 3: Once received, a technician will determine the problem with your device. You will be sent a detailed and affordable repair quote normally within a few business days after your device is received but can take up to 2 weeks at peak times. If you approve the quote, we can bill your credit card for the repair(s). If you do not approve we may offer to buy the device for salvage value or send it back for a fee.
Screen Repair Service (iPhone, iPod, iPad, Zune, etc.)
Q. How does the
Screen Repair work?
A.
3 Simple steps involved:
Step 1: Order
the correct screen repair service from our website.
Step 2:
Send your broken electronic device to our Repair Service Center using your own packaging or by using the prepaid box we sent to you. Instructions on where to send your broken device for repairs will be sent to your E-mail address after check out and will also appear on the screen with your printable invoice.
Step 3: Once received, a technician will determine the problem with your device. You will be sent a detailed and affordable repair quote normally within a few business days after your device is received but can take up to 2 weeks at peak times. If you approve the quote, we can bill your credit card for the repair(s). If you do not approve we may offer to buy the device for salvage value or send it back for a fee.
Repair Service Guidelines
Q. Do you accept coupons?
A. Yes, we have many coupons out on the internet that customers can use. Coupons are subject to a maximum discount value. Some coupons can only be redeemed for certain products. Rapid Repair reserves the right to change these coupons values without notice.
Q. Will I be able to keep my music / data?
A. While we make every attempt to repair your device without formatting the data, there are some cases where we will need to wipe the data. In general, the software you use to sync your device will have a complete copy of the data to restore to it, but not always. It’s your responsibility to make sure you have a backup of all the data prior to sending the device in for repair. Rapid Repair will not be liable for lost music, data, pictures, contact lists, etc. If your data is critical, we have data recovery options available, just call and ask a customer service agent. Please note, if keeping the data intact is a condition of your authorization for repair, you must let us know at the time the authorization is given OR if it is not a phone-based authorization, than you must receive an email acknowledging your conditional authorization. Otherwise we will complete the repair as quickly and inexpensively as possible and consider data preservation to be a secondary priority.
Q. How long do your services take?
A. If sent in for our Diagnostic Testing, we will normally contact you with a repair quote within a few days after receiving the
device but at peak times can take up to two business weeks. You can then accept or decline the repairs after we explain the repair costs and have the new charges applied to your credit card on file. Prepaid repairs are usually done within a few days after receipt of your
device. If parts are not in stock to do the repairs then it may take additional time to complete the repairs.
Q. Can I send more than one device for diagnostics?
A. Yes
Q. Which device models do you repair?
A. We repair ALL iPod, iPhone, iPad & Zune models. Repairs are made with genuine parts (parts may be new pulls or used and substituted for equal or greater value). Headphone Jack & Firewire port repair on the 1st & 2nd Gen iPod model have been discontinued. Zune repairs also get genuine Microsoft parts installed. We also repair the Apple iPhone with newly pulled parts. We don't recommend iPod shuffle repairs.
Q. What payment methods do you accept?
A. You can select a variety of payments at checkout: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, Money orders, Cashiers Checks, and PayPal are all accepted. Customers are also responsible for any and all collection fees associated with chargebacks if applicable.
Q.
Will the repairs void my warranty?
A. Any repairs not done directly by the manufacturer will void your warranty, but in most cases we will be able to offer an alternative for you if the product is still under warranty. See our buyback option in the Sell Your iPod Tab.
Q. What happens to the broken parts after you repair an electronic device?
A. We do not return broken parts to customers. After we make a repair with a new or used part in working condition, we scrap the broken parts. If you desire to have your broken parts sent back with your repaired device, you must call in to make the request. There may be a fee associated with this service.
Q. What if I don't want to pay the repair costs?
A. Once we complete the Diagnostic Testing on your
device, we will call
you or send an email with a detailed repair quote. If you choose to decline the repairs, we will ship
the unit back to you. We buy broken iPods, iPhones, Zune players, and many other electronic devices. If you decline the repairs, ask about our buyback option.
(Normally our buyback price includes return shipping charges at the time of the order. All buy-back quotes are valid for 14 days.)
Q. Can I replace my black and white screen with a color screen?
A. No, if you don't own an iPod with a color screen then you have to use the monochrome black and white screen your iPod originally came with. We can add a color mod to your monochrome screen (We cannot mod this to a full RGB screen though).
Q. How does the price match guarantee work?
A. Find a better price on the web and we will do our best to match or beat it. eBay auctions are an exception and we cannot guarantee price matching on all items. All price matches subject to approval. We will not accept posted prices for sites that have been up for less than 6 months. After your order has been placed, we cannot match a lower price.
Q. What happens if I authorize repairs to my device and have trouble making payment?
A. We will always try to help in tough circumstances. If you authorized for any repairs, and the repair is made, there will be a tech service fee to reverse those repairs. In most cases the TS charge will not exceed $100 or the total of the initial repair amount. We will offer several options in cases like this: buyback, TS fee, discount on order, etc.. Orders are handled on a case by case basis.
Q. Could there be any fees charged if I send in my unit for diagnostic services?
A.Yes, our diagnostics are intended for units which have not had the original build altered. Standard condition allows for a quick and effective diagnosis. Devices that are received in pieces, or have been altered by disassembly, previous service attempts or severe damage typically require twice as much time or longer to complete a full diagnostic. In order for Rapid Repair to invest the extra time and effort required in diagnosing altered units, customers sending in such a device hereby consent to a $30.00 minimum service charge.
Q. What happens if your prices change?
A.Rapid Repair has a 14-Day Lowest Price Guarantee and Estimate Guarantee
Any item purchased at regular price is eligible for our 14-Day Lowest Price Guarantee. If Rapid Repair drops the regular retail price of any product or service within 14 calendar days of your purchase, from the date of billing, you are entitled to request the price difference be refunded to you. The customer can request via email or phone within 30 days of the date of billing.
Rapid Repair will also guarantee any repair estimate, service quotation, or other pricing offered for up to 14 days from the date it is given. If pricing goes up you are entitled to claim the quoted price, if pricing is lowered, you are entitled to the lower price.
Shipping
Q. How fast is your return
shipping?
A. Within the US, our return shipping takes 2-5 business days. UPS Overnight is guaranteed to arrive at your door by 3PM (next business day). International shipping normally takes 7-14 business days (sometimes longer if customs holds the package for evaluation). Our shipping rates are calculated by UPS and are actual shipping charges. We are not responsible for lost, damaged, or delayed packages. We will NOT be held responsible for lost/stolen packages. Address changes must also be phoned in. We will NOT accept address change requests by email or written on an invoice. You will be held responsible for calling in to change your address, if we ship an order out using the address provided and the order is lost, RR will NOT be held liable.
Q. What is your shipping policy on Self install parts or Accessories?
A. Any order placed at or before 9:00AM EST will most likely be shipped that same day (excluding Saturday and Sunday). All other orders placed after 9:00AM EST will be shipped the next business day. We do our very best to ship orders same day. There are certain cases where orders do not ship for several days: part(s) backordered, incorrect shipping address provided, incorrect shipping method selected, invalid shipping address provided etc. We always make a strong effort to ship orders same day. If for some reason it doesn't ship out please be patient while we prepare your order.
Q. Do I get a tracking number?
A. Tracking information is on file
for every order (excluding International shipments), you should receive a confirmation email when your order ships out. A
signature is required for all overnight shipments. Please contact us if you need tracking information on your order.
Q. Can I get my item shipped to a PO Box?
A.
No. UPS will not deliver ro a PO box, if you provide us with a PO Box address and select UPS shipping, you may be charged a $10 fee for address correction.
Q. Dealing with lost packages?
A. We make a strong effort to avoid package loss in transit. We are NOT responsible for lost packages, you must contact the shipping company and file a claim to receive compensation.
Q. Do you ship internationally?
A.
Yes. Simply select your country
from the drop down list on the checkout page, we have done
business on a Global scale for over 3 years. We service many small & large companies worldwide. If you have trouble with an international order, please contact us for assistance. You may be responsible for faxing proper identification before your order can ship. This will include a valid copy of your government issued ID, and the credit card you used for the transaction.
Q. How do you handle: VAT and Import Taxes?
A. The customer will be responsible for any and all import taxes/fees/duties. This means that when Rapid Repair is billed for import taxes, you will be held responsible for these charges and also agree that Rapid Repair may bill any credit card you have provided for these charges, unless alternate payment is arranged.
Q. Providing incorrect shipping addresses.
A. The customer will be responsible for providing the correct shipping address. There may be charges associated with address corrections. You knowingly accept these charges by placing an order with us and will be billed no more than $20 for address corrections (effective 11/3/06).
Q. Order Cancellation or Changing an Authorization.
A. If you have completed an order on the website for one or more parts or services or have given verbal or email authorization for parts or services and wish to cancel or change your order, you must call and speak to one of our agents. We cannot accept cancellations or change requests via e-mail or contact request form due to the potential for non-received messages or because messages may not have been read before orders are processed. Your order or authorization will be in force until you speak with a Rapid Repair representative who will confirm your cancel/change request.
Warranty
Q. Is there a warranty on your
services?
A.
All our repair services come with a 90 day warranty on parts and labor (30 days for self installed parts).
We will warrant against defects in parts and workmanship for 90 days. For all RMA return requests, shipping costs to us are taken care of by the customer (both ways if your device is outside of warranty), contact us at:
for an RMA return request. No returns will be taken without a valid RMA number (Return Merchandise Authorization). If you receive your repaired device back, and it still has issues related to our repairs, we will issue a return label ONLY if we are notified within 48 hrs of customer receipt (within 48 hrs of receiving your device back).
Warranty policy is 90 days from the return delivery date from the original repair.  All iPod's and other devices are in warranty if a related issue is reported to us by any means within those 90 days. You will then have two weeks to get the ipod/device to us before that warranty claim expires. The warranty period on a re-work (iPod/device that has already been RMA’d) is 30 days from the RMA return delivery date or 90 days from the original repair delivery date, (the longer of the two.) Refurbished units carry a 90 day warranty, any attempt to open the unit will void the warranty. User damage or neglect also voids any Rapid Repair warranty.
Q.
What is the
abandonment policy?
A. Rapid Repair cannot store customer owned devices for extended periods of time. By sending an item to Rapid Repair for service, Customer agrees to make a diligent effort to communicate with Rapid Repair in good faith until your service order is concluded. Keeping with this, if we have no confirmed contact (via email or phone) for 30+ days, we will consider your order abandoned and take the following actions:
If you have paid for shipping and all other items on your order Rapid Repair will ship the order back to you in its current state via the shipping method selected (subject to address verification.)
If you have not paid for shipping, owe money for service or other items, or we are awaiting address confirmation, then we will attempt to contact you via email (at least 3 times) and phone (at least 2 times) over the course of 30 days or more. Once it has been 75 days from our last confirmed contact AND at least 30 days since we first contacted you about your abandoned order, we may consider your order permanently abandoned and we will irreversibly dispose of order contents and Customer will have no claim on the abandoned property or any other compensation.
All timelines given are minimums, without your help the process will proceed as our time allows. We may elect to ship back, at our convenience, cost and choice of method any abandoned order. While every shipment is packaged carefully to minimize risks, Rapid Repair bears no liability for return shipments on abandoned orders.
Why: It is our sincere wish that all customers would make timely decision about their order and this policy would never be needed. In fairness to us and other customers, we need to stop spending precious time and resources on abandoned orders and permanently move on. We believe this is a fair and reasonable way to resolve abandoned orders, however if you do not agree with this policy, simply DO NOT leave your item with Rapid Repair for several months without contacting us!
Return Policy
Q. What if I don't like the: New/Used Parts,  Modification color choices, or service provided?
A.
We will gladly work something out to make
sure you are satisfied. Parts for self install are non-refundable/non-returnable.  If you purchase a part that doesn't correct the problem, you will have to send the iPod/device in so we can diagnose the issue (initial diagnostic fee will be waived in this case).
Mail in iPod/device Repairs are final. Contact us at:
for an RMA return request. We specifically watch for attempts at substitution of parts, serial#'s, and part#'s are all kept on file.
Q. Will RapidRepair charge a re-stocking fee for returning a product?
A.
RapidRepair may charge a 15% re-stocking fee for merchandise returned. All refunds will not include shipping charges paid by the customer at time of order. Any fees associated with credit card chargebacks will be paid by the customer (no more than $60 per order).
Color
Modifications
Q.
When I order regular LCD repair, can I have you install a Colored LCD?
A. Yes, but it will be an additional $24.99
for the labor involved in the LED color change. If you currently have a broken screen, you will need to purchase the new screen from our store and then add the modification option.
Q.
How long does this service take?
A. Once we receive your iPod, you should have it
back within 7-10 business days. Faceplate color modifications may take additional time to complete since these are special order items.
Q. How does this service work?
A. CLICK
HERE to view modification services. Please, send your iPod ONLY. Do not send any
accessories. You can always call in to check the status of a mod order.
Q. What if I don't like my modification choices?
A.
We will gladly work something out to make sure you are satisfied. We strive for 100% customer satisfaction.
Q.
Will a color modification harm my iPod or put extra strain on the battery?
A.
Absolutely NOT, in fact it may use less
voltage resulting in extended battery operating time!!
Privacy Policy
Q. What is your current policy on private customer information?
A. You can view our complete Privacy Policy online.
Q. Is RapidRepair.com safe for secure shopping?
A. Yes, we operate a 100% secure shopping environment. Click on the GeoTrust Seal  below to verify.
ThinSkin Promo
Q. What is the free ThinSkin Promo?
A. Most of our batteries and LCD screens will come with a free ThinSkin. Products eligible for this promo will have the option already selected on the product page.
Q. What is a ThinSkin?
A. Protect the screen of your device with our ThinSkin (All-Clear) screen protectors. Have a fresh protector on your device to protect against dust and scratches and to eliminate glare. Includes 1 protector, designed for perfect fit.
Offers tough, durable, transparent surface while keeping the LCD screen clean and unscratched. Attaches smoothly with self-adhering surface; leaves no residue when removed Includes Lint-free Cleaning Cloth0.25 mm thick high quality PDA protection film Suitable for heavy duty use Durable, Anti-UV, Anti-Scratch, Anti-Dust Naturally mild adhesive, can be removed and applied as many times as you want! Can be washed with clear plain water in between.
Legal
Copyright Information
All pictures used on Rapid Repair are the sole property of Rapid Repair LLC unless used from another source with permission from that respective owner. Attempts to steal, deface, change, and or use our pictures for profit without the permission from RR LLC will be punishable by the full extent of the law allowed. This includes but is not limited to: removing watermarks, resizing, and or adding content to our original pictures to make them your own. If you need to use any of our material listed on RR website, please send a request for permission to:
Dispute Process
Customer agrees that any disputes that cannot be resolved between the two parties must be heard in the 8th district court in the County of Kalamazoo in the State of Michigan.
Q. What is the Fraud Protection Policy?
A. Our fraud protection policy protects Rapid Repair and our customers from possible fraudulent activity. In certain cases, you may be required to verify your identity for our billing department before your order is shipped. These cases include, but are not limited to, high-dollar purchases, international purchases, purchases with different billing and shipping information, and any purchase with incorrect billing information.
We may need to speak with you during the verification process. You may verify your identity by faxing or emailing the proper identification to us. This may include a valid copy of your government issued ID, Passport, and/or the credit card that was used for the transaction.
While this may inconvenience our customers, you can be assured this will keep prices low for your future purchases. Credit card fraud is one of the top internet crimes today, help Rapid Repair control this growing problem by catching the people responsible for doing this.
130 E. Milham Ave., Portage, MI 49002 | © 2003 Rapid Repair | All rights reserved | Rapid Repair is not affiliated with Apple. Rapid Repair is not an Apple authorized reseller. Unless otherwise noted, "new" parts are from de-manufactured players purchased from an Apple reseller. We specialize in Cell Phone Repair, iPhone Repair, iPad Repair, iPod Repair, Zune Repair and many other portable electronic device repairs. We offer discounts for schools and enterprise level clients. In service since 2003, let our experienced techs help you today! Cell Phone Repair Kalamazoo and Portage.
Copyright © 2020 Rapid Repair.