http://www.holidayingwithdogs.com.au/privacy_policy
×
Close
Close Information
List your property with Holidaying with Dogs
FREE to list and only 10% commission per booking
FREE listing in the Holidaying with Dogs Guide Book (upgrade options available).
Insight/Reporting (coming soon)
Join Australia's most trusted pet friendly accommodation site and access our many loyal guests.
Share your love of holidaying with dogs with others and receive property bookings at the same time.
Receive guest reviews and be in the running to win a Five Paws Award celebrating Australia's best pet friendly accommodation.
How it works?
1
List Your Property
2
Manage Reservations
3
Receive Payments
4
User Reviews
5
Reporting (Coming Soon)
List Your Property Now
×
Sign Up
By clicking ‘CREATE ACCOUNT’ you are agreeing to the Holidaying with Dogs Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy
Already a member? Log In
×
Success!
Thank you for joining Holidaying with Dogs
Find Your Holiday
or
List Your Property
Share your love of holidaying with dogs with others and make money at the same time.
Learn More
Please Note: You can always list your property at a later time.
×
Log In
Remember Me
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account yet? Sign Up
List your property
or
Find your holiday
Please Note: You can access your Property Manager from the 'My Account' menu.
×
Forget Password
There will be a temporary password being emailed to regain access
Menu
Toggle navigation
Account
Personal Information
Notification Settings
Payout Settings
Billing Address
Details
View booking form
View map
About this property
Review
Browse
Five paw Awards
Browse Regions
Map of Australia
Blog
Gift Vouchers
List a Property
Log In
Sign Up
PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is important to us.  This privacy statement explains how Holidaying with Dogs (ABN 816 141 145 73) (“us” “we” “our”) treats your personal information.  The term “personal information” means any information that is identifiable to you as an individual.
The type of information we collect
The type of information that we collect depends upon the purpose that you are engaging with us.  We collect personal information such as:
Name
Address
Email address
Telephone number
Information you provide in enquiries
How we collect personal information
We collect personal information directly from you when you visit our site www.holidayingwithdogs.com.au (the Site).  We collect personal information in a number of ways,
including when you visit our website, include your property in our directory, submit a booking request, book a property or when you contact us by phone or email.
You may choose to register an account with us.  Property owners will provide the information and photographs to display on our Site, so this information is public with the property owners consent.  We assume that the property owner has obtained the relevant consent from any relevant third parties.
How we use your information
We will use your information first and foremost to provide our services to you.  If you register an account with us we will keep your personal information to facilitate a streamlined process for you when you revisit the Site.  We will also use your information to address your queries and provide you with our email updates.  You are able to unsubscribe from our emails at any time.
We may use aggregated information about visitors to our website for analytical purposes to assist us with our business and marketing.  The information will not be used in a personally identifiable manner.
Discussions between guests and property owners are between you, however we retain administrative access to those messages.
Holidaying with Dogs may also use your personal information for the primary purpose for which it was collected and secondary purposes related to the primary purpose. Such primary and secondary purposes may include, without limitation, use of your personal information to:
Respond to booking enquiries;
Communicate regarding confirmed bookings;
Market properties featured on the Holidaying with Dogs website;
Carry out market research and surveys;
Verify your identity;
Develop, run, administer and market competitions, programs, activities and other Events relating to Holidaying with Dogs and other dog-related businesses;
Administer and manage our respective websites and provide you with access to those websites;
Keep you informed of news and information relating to Holidaying with Dogs and travel by distributing newsletters, publications, and other communication via various mediums;
Research and develop new products, services and merchandise relating to Holidaying with Dogs and other dog-related businesses.
Disclosing your information
We do not sell your information to third parties.   Our server is based in Australia so we do not transfer any information overseas.  We use a third-party payment providers (eWAY) to process your payments.  We will not have access to your payment information as it will be provided directly to them.  We recommend that you review the privacy policies of these third parties. https://www.eway.com.au/legal#privacy.
We may also disclose aggregated information about visitors to our Site and users of our service to our business advisors and affiliates to assist us to understand your needs, and provide a better service to you.  We will not otherwise disclose your information without your consent unless we are required by law to do so.
Cookies
As is common practice with most websites we use cookies on our website, which do not cause you any damage, they assist us to provide a better service to you.
Third party sites
On occasions, we may have links to other websites, however once you leave our Site any linked websites are not within our responsibility or control and you should review the privacy policy of that site.
Security
Any information that we retain is kept securely to avoid unauthorised use or disclosure.  When we no longer require your information, it will be safely destroyed.  We take reasonable security measures to protect your information however to the extent permitted by law we are not liable for unauthorised access (including third party interference) to this information.
Use use of an Security Sock Layer (SSL) has established a secure browser session between Hoidaying with Dogs, Property Managers and Guests and will be implemented on the new Site.
Accessing your information
You are entitled to access your personal information that we hold and we will accommodate your request in so far as we are able to while still complying with our legal obligations.  It is also important that the information that we keep is accurate and up to date so please notify us of any changes.
You can do this by contacting info@holidayingwithdogs.com.au
Privacy Concerns
For further information, or to make a complaint about our treatment of your personal information please email info@holidayingwithdogs.com.au we will endeavour to respond to you within 30 days.
Changes to this Statement
We may make changes to this Privacy Statement from time to time, so we encourage you to revisit this page to ensure that you are up to date.