http://www.horseworks.com/pages/our-policies
0
items in your cart
$0.00
total cart value
Your Cart
Continue Shopping
CLICK HERE FOR PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT (PPE)
Horse Clothing
Pet Products
Accessories
Embroidery
Customer Service
Who We Are
Sponsorships
PPE
Log in
Create Account
Horse Clothing
The Signature Collection
Dress Sheets
Fly Protection
Walking Coolers
Quarter Sheets
Rain Sheets
Stable Sheets & Blankets
The Saratoga Bandage
Pet Products
Accessories
Accessories
Stall Front Storage System
Apparel Care Products
Embroidery
Customer Service
Custom Options
Our Policies
Dealer Application
Horseworks Loyalty Program
Find A Dealer
Frequently Asked Questions
Who We Are
Contact
Internship Opportunities
Employment Opportunities
Sponsorships
Equestrians @ Large
Equestrians @ Large Program
SHW Ambassadors
Ambassador Program
Sponsorship Requests
Partners & Programs
PPE
Shipping Policy
Saratoga Horseworks products are primarily made to order due to their custom nature. This means that orders take an average 1-3 weeks until they ship out. Highly custom orders can take 4-6 weeks before they ship. If you are in a rush for an order, or need it by a specific date, please contact kate@saratogahorseworks.com or call toll free 800-848-1914.Saratoga Horseworks primarily ships via UPS. Sometimes small packages, such as cool coats, are less expensive if shipped through the Postal Service. If you wish to have your order shipped through USPS, please give us a call to receive a quote. International packages are primarily shipped via USPS as it is generally more affordable than alternative shipping methods and saves on customs.If you have any questions regarding shipping, please do not hesitate to get in touch with customerservice@horseworks.com or call toll free 1.800.848.1914.
Return Policy
At Saratoga Horseworks, we pride ourselves on making top-quality custom clothing. We want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase, but if for some reason you are not, please take note of  our return policy. If your purchased garment does not fit properly, we will exchange it for another size or provide a refund, provided that it has not been worn, soiled, or damaged. We do not warrant for damage your animal or a paddock partner may have caused to the clothing. Clearance, embroidered, or customized products may not be returned for a refund or exchange. Returns for a refund must be made within 30 days. Shipping charges cannot be refunded. Please contact our customer service department toll free at 800.848.1914 to arrange an exchange or credit.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.horseworks.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your
Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:   • See what data we have about you, if any.   • Change/correct any data we have about you.   • Have us delete any data we have about you.   • Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Orders We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
UpdatesOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-848-1914 or customerservice@horseworks.com.
New Saratoga Bandage Colors are Here!
Now available for ordering in Navy Blue & Hunter Green!
New Saratoga Bandage Colors are Here!
Now available for ordering in Navy Blue & Hunter Green!