https://www.amazingrugs.com/terms-conditions
Menu
Area Rugs
BEST SELLING Rugs
Everest Rugs by Couristan
Evolution Rugs by Home Dynamix
Martha Stewart Rugs
Rain Rugs by Surya
Regency Rugs by Kaleen
Shaggy Raggy Rugs by Rug Market
Silky Shag Rugs by Anji Mountain
Soho Rugs by Safavieh
Cheshire Rugs by Regence Home
CLEARANCE Area Rugs
MACHINE WASHABLE Rugs
OUTDOOR Area Rugs
Outdoor Poly Rugs
Outdoor Braided Rugs
BEACH Area Rugs
Rug Roll Runners
Area Rug Samples
Search Area Rugs by STYLE
Baby Nursery Rugs
Contemporary Rugs
Eco-Friendly Rugs
Geometric Rugs
Kid Rugs/ Child Rugs
Kitchen and Bath Mats
Shag Area Rugs
Solid Color Rugs
Southwestern Rugs
Tibetan Area Rugs
Traditional Rugs
Yipes Stripes
Search Area Rugs by THEME
Animal Print Rugs
Country & Kitchen Rugs
Floral Area Rugs
Nautical Area Rugs
Rooster Area Rugs
Sports Area Rugs
Tropical Area Rugs
Search Area Rugs by FIBER
Acrylic Rugs
Cotton Rugs
Cowhide Rugs
Natural Fiber Rugs
Polypropylene Rugs
Synthetic Blend Rugs
Wool Area Rugs
Silk & Wool Rugs
Wool Blend Rugs
Search Area Rugs by WEAVE
Braided Rugs
Flat Weave Rugs
Hand-Knotted Rugs
Search Area Rugs by PRICE
Economy Rugs
Mid-Priced Rugs
Our Finest Rugs
Search Area Rugs by SHAPE
Round Area Rugs
Square Area Rugs
Octagon Area Rugs
Oval Area Rugs
SHOP by BRAND
Anji Mtn. Bamboo
Concord Global
Couristan Rugs
Fanmats
Harounian Rugs International
Home Dynamix
Kaleen Rugs
Rhody Rug, Inc
Rug Market America
Safavieh Rugs
Surya Rugs
Vantage Industries
Rug Pads
Vinyl Flooring
Vinyl Floor Tiles
Dynamix Vinyl Tile 12 in.
Dynamix Wood Tile 12 in.
Madison Platinum 12 in.
Madison Wood Tile 12 in.
Madison Stone Tile 12 in.
Paramount Vinyl Tile 16 in.
How To Install Vinyl Floor Tiles
Furniture
Safavieh Furniture
Chairs
Ottomans
Tables
Anji Mountain Poufs
Surya Poufs
Surya Designer Pillows
Carpet Tiles
NFL Carpet Tiles
MLB Carpet Tiles
College Carpet Tiles
Chair Mats
Standard Roll-up Chairmats
Tri-Fold Chairmats
Deluxe Roll-up Chairmats
Car Mats
Collegiate Car Mats
Military Car Mats
NFL Car Mats
MLB Car Mats
Home
» Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Shipping, Exchanges, Returns and Company Policies
Who Can Order:
Customers Please Note: Our FREE Shipping Policy (orders over $100) applies to orders shipped to the 48 contiguous states ONLY. For customers in Hawaii, Alaska and Canada, please call us about shipping charges.
Methods of payment:
We accept Visa, Master Card, American Express and Discover Card, as well as PayPal, e-checks, personal and corporate checks. Checks must first clear bank before product is shipped. Credit card is charged when the order is placed.
Shipping:
Shipping is free for orders over $100.00 and within the continental United States ONLY. Any orders under $100.00 total will incur a $15.00 non-refundable shipping charge. For customers in Hawaii, Alaska and Canada, please call us about shipping charges. Customer is responsible for all customs fees and taxes. We regret that we are unable to ship to PO Boxes, APO addresses, or locations outside the United States and Canada.
An option if you live in Hawaii or Alaska is to have us ship your rugs or vinyl tile to a freight forwarding company possibly on the west coast. They can forward your order on to you. Keep in mind this does not allow an exception to our returns policy.
How Long Will It Take? - Most rugs and vinyl tile ship from our suppliers within three or four business days. All products ship by UPS/FedEx ground shipment. Delivery time will depend on where our supplier is located and which state you live in. We have over 20 suppliers around the country. So delivery time could be anywhere from one or two business days up to seven business days, once the order ships. Our vinyl tile supplier is located in New Jersey, and your tile order will ship by UPS ground. Braided rugs are made in Rhode Island, and take up to 10 days to make after your order is placed. Area rug pads are made in Georgia and can take up to three weeks to receive.
Most products under $300 will be shipping no signature required. Most products over $300 will be shipping signature required by customer upon delivery.
If you are moving and are ordering rugs or tile for your new home, let us know this. We can arrange for your order to be delivered to your new home on or shortly after your move-in date.
Multiple Shipments - Different brands of rugs are often made in different manufacturing facilities. For the fastest delivery, we ship each product to you as soon as it is ready. That way, you'll have your order as soon as possible!
If package is not deliverable to the address provided, or the customer refuses the package, additional shipping costs will be incurred by the customer in addition to 15% restocking fee.
Signature Required: If you would like to require a signature upon delivery please note that on your order or inform our customer service representative at time of order. If you do not request that a signature be required, it will most likely ship as signature NOT required.
Exchanges:
If you wish to exchange the item you purchased for another item of equal or greater value, contact us immediately when you receive it. No restocking fee will be charged, but you will still be responsible for the return shipping charges and must make the exchange within the time limits allowed.
Returns:
AmazingRugs stands behind all the products we sell. If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, return it for an exchange or a refund of the cost of the item. (See Return Exceptions below).
To return the item you purchased, follow these simple steps:
1. Email or call us immediately when you receive your order. No refunds or exchanges will be given after 15 days of this date.
2. When you contact us - all information will be taken and an email will be sent to you with return information.
3. Repackage the item purchased in its original packaging or equivalent.
4. Follow the return information sent to you in the e-mail. You have 7 calendar days from the date of our email containing the return information to return the item to the manufacturer, and get the tracking number to us. No exchanges or refunds will be given if this requirement is not met.
We recommend that packages be returned using FedEx or UPS ground shipment, or a carrier that can track and insure it's packages. Call or email us with the tracking number immediately after you ship the item so that we can track the package and issue exchange or refund after it is received back by the manufacturer.
Customer is responsible for the return shipping cost and insurance, except for manufacturing defects. In that case the manufacturer will be doing a call tag to pick up the item.
All credit card and Paypal refunds will be posted within 30 days of receipt of return.
Return Exceptions:
A 15% restocking fee will be applied to all returns, except for manufacturing defects and equivilent exchanges.
For returns of purchases, your cost of the item(s) will be refunded (minus 15% restocking fee), but any shipping charges will not be refunded.
If package is not deliverable to the address provided, or the customer refuses the package, additional shipping costs may be incurred by the customer in addition to 15% restocking fee. If you are in the process of moving make sure we have your correct delivery address.
Items that have been soiled or damaged may not be returned.
Custom orders may not be returned.
Discontinued items may not be returned.
Rug pad packages that have been opened may not be returned.
Partial tile boxes may not be returned.
Suggestions for Avoiding Returns:
RUG SIZE - Double check your room measurements for the rug size you are ordering. If you are having any doubt about the size, please get someone to measure it for you before ordering, to avoid having to return it.
COLOR AND STYLE (RUGS AND VINYL TILE) - You are making a purchase from a photo you are looking at on your computer monitor. We make every effort to provide the best quality photos of the products we sell, but we have no control over our customer's color settings on their monitors. So we cannot guarantee the item you receive will look exactly like what you see on your monitor screen.
If you are purchasing a large rug, your return shipping cost and restocking fee could get expensive if it is not what you were expecting. We suggest you purchase the smallest size rug available. Once you receive it and decide the style and colors are exactly what you want, you can then order the large size rug you need. If you use this method we will not charge a restocking fee for the return of the small rug.
If you are purchasing a large quantity of tile, you may want to first purchase a single box to verify it is exactly what you are looking for.
This may extend your home improvement project a short while, but provide the satisfaction of knowing you are getting what you expected.
Damage:
If you find that your shipping package shows visible signs of damage on receipt, please attempt to open it in the presence of the driver. If the contents are damaged, we recommend you refuse the delivery, document the damage on the shipping manifest and notify us immediately.
If you are not at home when the damaged shipment arrives, do not open the package and notify us immediately of the problem. Make sure you retain all packaging materials, document the damage, and if possible, take a photograph of the damaged package, as this can assist in the claims process. Damage from shipping must be reported to us immediately.
Sales Tax:
Since we are based in Florida, we collect 7% sales tax on all orders shipped to Florida addresses. AmazingRugs will not impose a sales tax on orders that are delivered outside of the state of Florida unless such taxes are imposed on Internet sales by law.
Secure Internet Commerce:
Online security - When you place orders all of your information is processed through our secure server. AmazingRugs utilizes industry -standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology that encrypts all your information before it is sent to us. If you would prefer not to place your order online simply call us at 1-800-495-0488.
Privacy Statement:
Your Private Information WILL Remain Confidential.
We respect your privacy. All personal information you provide to us WILL remain absolutely confidential and be used solely to communicate better with you. We have never and will never share your information with anyone.
Discontinued and/or Back ordered Items:
AmazingRugs has no control over products that are discontinued or placed on backorder by the various manufacturers. AmazingRugs will make every effort to remove discontinued items as soon as we are made aware of them and will notify you whenever we receive notice of any backorders.
Errors and omissions. AmazingRugs.com is not responsible for website errors, and will make every effort to correct them as soon as we are made aware it. Rug sizes and prices will change on occasion, we will update this information as soon as possible. If you notice any obvious errors concerning this, please bring them to our attention.
Dispute Resolution:
If we cannot resolve a dispute regarding the application of AmazingRugs Ordering or Shipping Policies to your order, the dispute will be settled by one arbitrator in binding arbitration pursuant to the rules of the American Arbitration Association. Arbitration shall be filed in St Augustine, Florida and the hearing relating to said arbitration shall be held at a mutually agreeable location within St Johns County, Florida. The arbitrator will apply United States law and will award the substantially prevailing party its costs and reasonable attorneys. If you wish to review the rules of the American Arbitration Association, please Click Here
Continue