http://www.pacprod.com/cgi-bin/hazelnt.exe?client=84632872&action=serve&item=/policies.htm
Search For:(Advanced Search)
Aircraft Models
Animal Figurines
Animated Musicals
Animation Art Cels
Banks
Barbie
Betty Boop
Bird Houses/Feeders
Clocks
Coca-Cola
Cookie Jars
Collectible Dolls By Franklin Mint
Corvette
Disney
Franklin Mint Car Models
Harley-Davidson
Housewares
I Love Lucy
Jim Shore
Lenox Classics
Kim Anderson
M&M Candy Collectibles
Mill Creek Studios
Mugs
Oil Paintings-Custom
Peanuts
Pedal Cars
Picnic Baskets
Precious Moments
Salt & Pepper Shakers
Sports Collectibles
Teapots
Umbrellas
Telephones
Waterglobes
Wedding Products
Winnie The Pooh
Wizard Of Oz
All 51 Shops
Free Collectibles Classifieds
Free Greeting Cards
Joke Of The Day
Random Quotes
Today In History
Create Your Own Smiley Sign
What's New
Free Newsletter
Contact Us
FAQ
Security
Our Privacy Policy
PACIFIC PRODUCTS GALLERY POLICIES
Welcome to the Pacific Products Gallery!
We hope that you enjoy your visit to the Internet's "Fun Shopping Site!".
This page should answer your questions regarding our
ordering, shipping, and privacy policies.
We also have a Frequently Asked Questions page which you can access by clicking here.
Our "Contact Us" page can be viewed by
clicking here.
If you have any questions that are not answered on, please e-mail us at help@pacprod.com and we will respond within 24 hours.
Your Privacy
Ordering from the Pacific Products Gallery
Payment Options
Shipping Policies
Shipping Prices and Options
Customs Information
Price Protection Policy
Return Policy
What if my merchandise arrives damaged?
Your Privacy
Your privacy is our main concern when you visit the Pacific Products Gallery.
We will never share your individual information with anybody any time.
We utilize many
security techniques to safeguard any information that you submit to us.
We maintain a strong commitment
to your privacy within our company.
When you provide us with personal information including, but not limited to you name,
address, phone number, e-mail address, payment information, it will be used only in the method that you authorized.
We do not,
under any circumstances share, sell or otherwise provide any other parties with any customer information.
We do not accept any request for any personal sensitive information about anyone, from anyone.
Any reported inaccuracies will
be immediately corrected after proper proof of identification.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please
contact us by phone toll free at (800) 999-9498, or e-mail us at pacprod@pacprod.com
Our privacy policy in whole may be found at: Pacific Products Gallery Privacy Policy.
[top of page]
Ordering from the Pacific Products Gallery
Online shopping at the Pacific Products Gallery is both easy and secure!
You may browse and shop our Gallery,
using our "Virtual Shopping Cart" and then choose how to submit your payment information to us, either secure or non-secure depending on your browser.
If you are using a secure browser such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Mozilla, AOL, Opera, Chrome or Safari you can shop with maximum security by
choosing the Secure Checkout button on our Order Review page to submit your customer and payment information to us in a secure, encrypted form.
We utilize a secure Microsoft server built using a secure
128 bit SSL certificate signed by "Network Solutions".
If you are using another type of browser, please choose the Checkout Button on the Order Review Page.
You can still use our shopping cart system
to order products, however when you are asked for your method of payment, choose the
"Call
for Credit Card Information" option.
We will call you after receiving your order, confirm the order, and take your
credit card information over the phone. (For more on Security, please click here).
Please navigate our catalog using the links provided, and not your back or
forward buttons. Your order is tracked by our unique customer ID number, and
using the links assure you that you will be able to shop in any of our
Gallery Shops with your same ID number being used to track any items added to your
"Virtual Shopping Cart".
As you shop, you may order from any of our Gallery Shops and any product
you choose will be added
to your "CART" and go onto your personal
order form.
You may review your order at any time by clicking the View Cart
at the bottom of each main catalog page.
This will show you any
items you have added to your "CART" from any of our Gallery Shops,
along with a total of your items.
Its like shopping at a department store
and being able to ring up all your items at one register!
[top of page]
Payment Options
We accept Mastercard, Visa, American Express and Discover.
If you choose the
Secure Checkout Button on the Order Review Page,
you can transmit your credit card information to us number worry free.
We use a Secure Netscape Server for Maximum Security during online transactions.
If you are using a browser that does not support encryption, please choose the
Checkout Button on the Order Review Page.
For your protection, please check the "Call for credit
card information" option on the "Checkout" page, and we
will be happy to call you for your card information.
You may also pay by
check or money order by mailing us your order, or submit your order via FAX.
We are sorry, but we do not ship C.O.D..
Your credit
card will not be charged until your order has been shipped.
[top of page]
Shipping Policies
Pacific Products Gallery offers a wide variety of items which you can choose
from.
We make every effort to ship your order as soon as possible. Ninety percent of the orders we receive are shipped within 24 hours!
If
merchandise is out of stock due to unpredictable demand, your order may take up to 3 weeks to complete.
This is the exception, not the norm.
We pay all the shipping costs within the 48 contiguous (continental) United States on orders over $100.00. For orders under
$100.00, the total shipping costs are only $9.95 anywhere in the 48 contiguous (continental) United States.
Orders to Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, APO/FPO and International destinations require addtional shipping charges and do not qualify for free shipping.
If your order is shipped to more than one address, additional shipping charges may apply.
We will also ship your order via Air for an additional charge.
Choose the shipping method you would
prefer on the Checkout Page and we will quote you any additional shipping costs once we receive your order.
International orders are welcome and are shipped via surface or air.
Please choose the method you would prefer on the
Checkout Page and we will quote you any additional shipping costs once we receive your order.We will not be able to make shipping refunds on delays beyond UPS’s or USPS control, including, but not limited to, the following: the unavailability
or refusal of a person to accept delivery of the shipment; acts of God; acts of public authorities acting
with actual or apparent authority; acts or omissions of customs or similar authorities; insufficient information
provided by a customer; the application of security regulations imposed by the government, or otherwise
applicable to the delivery location; riots, strikes, or other labor disputes; civil commotions; disruptions in air or ground transportation networks, such as
weather phenomena; and natural disasters.
[top of page]
Shipping Prices and Options
US Shipping Options (includes all US Territories)
Shipping Method
Estimated Shipping Time
Price
Standard UPS
Includes shipping to the 48 contiguous (continental) United States.
3-7 business days
$9.95 per shipment on orders under $100.00
Orders over $100.00 shipped free!!!
3 Day Select
Includes shipping to the 48 contiguous (continental) United States.
3 business days
Based on the weight of your order.
If charges are over $35.00 we will quote you the cost.
2nd Day Air
Includes shipping to the 48 contiguous (continental) United States, Alaska and Hawaii.
2 business days
Based on the weight of your order.
If charges are over $45.00 we will quote you the cost.
Overnight
Includes shipping to the 48 contiguous (continental) United States, Alaska and Hawaii.
1 business day
Based on the weight of your order.
If charges are over $55.00 we will quote you the cost.
International Shipping Options (includes APO/FPO and all of Canada)
Shipping Method
Estimated Shipping Time
Price
International Priority AirAll Countries with the exception of those with US trade restrictions
3-10 business days
Based on the weight of your order.
If charges are over $50.00 we will quote you the cost.
[top of page]
Customs Information
We are required by law to note that the contents of international packages and to state the full value of the shipment, even if the package contains a gift.
Customs charges will be levied when the package reaches your country.
Pacific Products Gallery is not
responsible for these charges and cannot provide estimates as to what these charges may be.
You may wish to contact your local customs office for further information.
[top of page]
Price Protection Policy
We guarantee our prices to be the lowest on the net.
If you find the same
product offered at a lower price on the Internet we will match that price.
If you have already purchased the
product from us, and find the item at a lower price on the Internet within 6 months of your
purchase, please contact us
with the information and we will refund you the difference!
The Pacific Products Gallery price guarantee applies to identical products only. Price matching is subject to
proof of competitor price including verification of manufacturer's part number and availability of
product. Discount does not apply to closeouts, clearance, discontinued, remanufactured or repackaged goods with the same part number.
Pacific Products Gallery is not obligated to match the price on items that are not in
stock by competitors.
We will not be able to accept a price match for a competitor that operates through an auction site such as eBay, or a site that requires a membership to purchase such as Costco.
When comparing internet competitors prices, shipping and handling
charges will be included in the price analysis. The terms of this guarantee are subject to change
without notice.
Please note:
Due to the volatility of the autographed sports collectibles market, these items
are not covered by this guarantee.
[top of page]
Return Policy
We want you to be totally satisfied with your purchase from us.
If you are not, just return it to us within 30 days of your purchase, and will refund your money or
give you an exchange...whichever you prefer.
We have been in business for over 20 years, and have built our reputation on great service.
If you
are not pleased with your purchase, we will do everything we can to make it right!
Returned items must be in re-saleable condition and include all original packaging. When returning or exchanging an item, please call us at (800) 999-9498 or (805) 658-7369
for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) code.
All returns without our Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) code will be subject to a 20% restocking charge.
For your protection, you may wish to send your return via UPS or
insured parcel post. Please send all returns to:
Pacific Products Gallery
Returns Department: RMA Code=(Place Code Here)
3857 Sheldon Drive
Ventura, CA 93003
IMPORTANT:
Please include the RMA code on the label (as shown above)
Pacific Products Gallery cannot pay for return shipping charges, or credit shipping charges already paid,
unless we have made a shipping error, or the item is delivered damaged.
Items that are returned in orders with free shipping, we will issue credit for the return minus the original cost of shipment.
All returns, including any credits applied for return shipping charges, will be credited to your Mastercard, Visa, American Express, or Discover card.
If
you have paid by check, a refund check will be issued to you.
We will make every effort to process returned items within 7-10
business days. Please note that it may take 1-2 billing cycles for your bank to post the credit to your statement.
***Special Note:
Our return policy does not apply to our "Custom Aircraft" and "Custom Oil Paintings" division (Including Charcoal Drawings).
Because these are one-of-a-kind custom
built scale models, paintings and drawings, we cannot offer a return policy for them.
Special orders on non-stocking items, and items sold on "Clearance" are also non-returnable.
We reserve the right to add a 20% restocking fee.
Returns of merchandise with a total of $150 or more requires a 20% restocking fee.
[top of page]
If you have any questions, please call us at 805-658-7369 or E-Mail
us at pacprod@pacprod.com.
What if my merchandise arrives damaged?
If any product arrives damaged, please call Customer Service at (800) 999-9498.
We will be glad to
arrange for a pickup, and will promptly replace your merchandise.
Any damages or shortages must be reported within 7 days from when your package is delivered.
You must keep all packing and shipping boxes and materials or a claim cannot be filed on your behalf for damaged items.
If an item arrives damaged, we will send out another item via the same shipping method as originally chosen.
HOME | SEARCH |
GALLERY OF SHOPS | HELP | VIEW CART
AFFILIATE PROGRAM
Copyright © 2020 Pacific Products, Inc. comments@pacprod.com or 805-658-7369