http://www.theviolincase.com/pages/privacy-policy.html
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
My Account
Order Status
Shipping
Returns
Wish Lists
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Home
Blog
About Us
FAQ
Free Resources
String ArticlesPrintable ScalesOnline FlashcardsLearn to Build a Major ScaleFree RingtonesOrchestra Crossword
Celebrate the Strings!
With Beautiful Gifts:
NEW Items
Discontinued - Sale!
Books
CD's
Clothing
Figurines
Home
Jewelry
Miscellaneous
Ornaments
Prints
Stationery
Popular Artists
The Strad Janet Blumenthal Sherry Kloss Geoffrey Castle VardiArt Strings Magazine Mark Sullivan Mark Wood
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Date of Last Revision: December 15, 2008
1.	Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. The Violin Case, LLC (“The Violin Case” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the personal information that you may provide while using our website.
To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
2.	What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, or participate in a submission contest.
When ordering or registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people, if you order of gift online and want it send directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s delivery information.
You will be asked to enter the recipient’s: name, address, phone number, and e-mail address.
Like most websites, we use cookies and/or web beacons to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website. Please refer to the 'do we use cookies?' section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
3.	What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To process transactions:
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, sweepstakes, contest, survey, or other promotions:
We may, from time to time, offer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions on the website.
In such cases, you may be asked to provide additional personal information.
In each such case, no new personal information will be collected from you without your consent.
To send periodic e-mails:
The e-mail address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates including, but not limited to, your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, and related product or service information.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.
4.	How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
We use the latest 128 bit encryption technology to insure the privacy and security of information entered into our shopping cart pages. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
After a transaction, your private information (name, contact information, credit card numbers, etc.) will be kept on file for more than 60 days in order to accurately interact with Credit Card companies in the event that a charge is disputed or investigated.
5.	Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the websites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent; or, you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn off your cookies , our shopping cart may not function properly.
In such an instance, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service directly.
6.	Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our website policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
7.	California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy, we have taken the necessary precautions to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by sending e-mail to: sales@theviolincase.com. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows the error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
8. 	Children
Users represent they are of legal age to create binding and financial obligations for any liability users may incur as a result of their use of the Sites. This website is not directed to children under the age of 13, and The Violin Case will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom it knows to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental or guardian consent. The Violin Case does not knowingly collect, or wish to obtain, personally identifiable information from children. If The Violin Case becomes aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has provided personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental or guardian consent, it will remove user’s personally identifiable information from its files.
9.	PayPal Processing
You have the option when placing your order, to use PayPal for your payment. When you are sent to their website, we do not send them any information other than your order number. We use this number to match your payment with the correct order. PayPal processes your card and puts the amount into our account. We do not at any time have access to your card number or any other information that you give to PayPal. We are not responsible for the policies and procedures of the PayPal website.
10.	Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
11.	Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our
Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
12.	Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on December 15, 2008.
14.	Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
The Violin Case, LLC
12556 120th Ave. NE #212
Kirkland, Washington 98034 USA
(425) 829-4945
sales@theviolincase.com
© Copyright 2001-2020 The Violin Case, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
12556 120th Ave. NE #212, Kirkland, WA • (425) 829-4945 • sales@theviolincase.com
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use |
Sitemap | All prices are in USD