http://www.schiffvitamins.com/pages/privacy-policy
HomeAll Products
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: 24.11.2019
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we, RB Health (US) LLC (“we”), collect, use, and disclose information we obtain about visitors to our websites, our social media pages that we control, and other on-line or mobile services, applications, or advertisements, (“Our Sites”), including use of the services available through our Site (“Services”).  Unless otherwise provided for in this Policy, this Policy does not pertain to other information that is collected offline.
BY USING OUR SITES, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE REVIEWED THIS PRIVACY POLICY EXPLANATION IN ITS ENTIRETY AND YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE POLICY AND TO OUR HANDLING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS STATED BELOW AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, INCLUDING ITS APPLICABLE LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES AND THE RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE OUR SITES.
Sections:
A. Personal Information CollectedB. Sharing and Disclosure of InformationC. Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13D. Access To and Choices About Your Personal InformationE. Product Review Boards, Chat Rooms, Forums, and Other Posting AreasF. Promotions with Third PartiesG. Third Party Web SitesH. International TransfersI. CookiesJ. Do-Not-TrackK. Do Not SellL. Your California Privacy RightsM. SecurityN. Contacting UsO. Changes to this Policy
A. Personal Information Collected
We may collect personal information about you in a variety of ways, including directly from you as well as automatically through your use of Our Sites or Services.
(1) Information We Collect Directly From You.
We may collect the following personal information directly from you:
If you create an account with us (which may be required to access certain features of our Site and Services), we may collect your first and last name, email address, preferred password, health care provider number, and if you agree to receive promotional/marketing emails from us;
In connection with your account and, at your option, we may collect your date of birth, mailing address, and answers to survey questions regarding goods and services that may be of interest to you;
If you purchase a product or service via Our Sites, we may collect your first and last name, email address, mailing address, and billing information;
If you contact us with a question related to our products or services, we may collect your first and last name, email address or phone number, and product or service details;
If you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, we may collect your first and last name, date of birth, and email address; and/or
If you apply for a job, we may collect your first and last name, email address, mailing address, and your education and work history, and other information you may provide to us when applying.
(2) Information We Collect Automatically.
We may automatically collect the following information (some may be personal information) about your use of Our Sites or Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies:
your domain name;
your device ID;
your browser type and operating system;
web pages you view;
links you click;
your Internet Protocol (IP) address;
the length of time you visit Our Sites and/or use our Services;
and the referring Uniform Resource Locator (URL), and the webpage that led you to Our Sites.
We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you.  Please see the section “Cookies” below for more information.
(3) Use of Information Collected Via Our Sites
We may use your information, including your personal information, for the following purposes:
To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using Our Sites or Services.
For marketing and promotional purposes. For example, we may use your personal information, such as your email address, to send you newsletters, marketing emails, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. We also may use the personal information that we collect to assist us in advertising our Services on third party websites.
To better understand how users access and use Our Sites and Services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve Our Sites and Services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
To protect us and others, including as necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or potential threats to the safety of any person or as necessary to comply with law
To administer contests, petitions, and sweepstakes.
To administer our rewards program.
B. Sharing and Disclosure of Information
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.  From time to time, we may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
Affiliates. We may disclose the personal information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers and Vendors. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf, such as order processing and fulfillment, customer service, research, administration of contests and sweepstakes, sending communications, and performing data analytics.
Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate, Anonymized, and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate, anonymized, or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes. In some instances, our service providers may have the functionality to re-identify your personal information based on their tools, even if we share anonymized data with them.
We will require these parties to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information, and will not authorize them to use the personal information we provide for their direct marketing purposes (as defined the California “Shine the Light” Law, California Civil Code §§ 1798.83) unless we have explicitly given you the option to opt-in or opt-out of such disclosure.
We do not authorize these third parties to use your data for purposes other than for which it has been provided, and do not authorize these third parties to disclose that information to unauthorized parties or use that information for their direct marketing purposes.
C. Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13
Our Site and Services are not directed to individuals under the age of 13, and we request that these individuals not provide personal information through the Service. If your child has submitted Personal Information and you would like to request that such Personal Information be removed, please contact us as explained below under CONTACTING US.
D. Access to and Choices About My Personal Information
You may modify your personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information, contacting us at consumer.relations@rb.com.  Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time.
We may communicate with you via email if you purchase products or services from us.  For example, we may email you to confirm and otherwise facilitate your purchase, send you information about changes to our products and/or services, and, if applicable, send you notices and other disclosures as required by law.  Generally, you cannot opt-out of these informational communications.
We may also send you marketing or promotional emails.  You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email.  Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests.  If you opt-out of receiving these marketing or promotional emails please note that, as described above, we may still send you emails in certain circumstances.
E. Product Review Boards, Chat Rooms, Forums, and Other Posting Areas
We may offer public interactive forums and review boards through Our Sites, like discussion boards, product reviews, chat rooms, community forums, wikis, social networking platforms and blogs. When you participate in such offerings, your username, postings and other personal information you choose to provide or communicate in these public spaces may be seen by others, and you should exercise caution when disclosing such information and realize that information you post could remain viewable in cached or archived webpages or copied and stored by other users even after you remove it. We cannot control the actions of other users of Our Sites, and we are not responsible for the results of your postings. Furthermore, when you participate in these interactive features, you may be agreeing to terms of use that, among other things, allow us to use your name and other information in our marketing and advertising.
Your personal information may also be disclosed to your friends associated with your social media account, to other website users and to your social media account provider, in connection with your social sharing activity.  By connecting your Properties account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider, and you understand that the use of the information we share will be governed by the social media provider’s privacy policy.
F. Promotions with Third Parties
From time to time we will work with other companies to offer a joint promotion or a special offers to you with a third party. Please note that when you provide information for these promotions it will be indicated whether you are providing your information directly to us or to the third party to use for their own marketing purposes.  When you do provide your information for their purposes, their use of your information will be governed by that party’s own privacy policy.
G. Third Party Web Sites
This Policy applies solely to information collected on this Site.  The Site may contain links to other websites, and any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites.
H. International Transfers
We are a global company, with offices located in many countries.  As such, your personal information may be stored in a country other than the United States in servers or in locations where we have a global office or where a global service provider is situated.  Your use of Our Sites and Services is also your consent to this transfer to another country, whose data privacy and security rules will be different from those found in the United States.
I. Cookies
We and our third party service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our Site or Services.  As noted above, we may combine this information with other personal information we collect from you (and our third party service providers may do so on our behalf). We use some cookies that are necessary to make the websites work properly. These cannot be disabled. We also use other types of cookies that go towards functionality, performance or analytics, which are optional. These optional cookies may be disabled should you elect to opt-out from having them collected from you.
J. Do-Not-Track
Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking by disabling cookies or opting-out of targeted advertising as noted below.
(1) Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes.  Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and Services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and Service. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site.
Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function.
(2) Local Storage Objects
We may use Flash Local Storage Objects (“Flash LSOs”) to store your Site preferences and to personalize your visit.  Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored.  Typically, you cannot control, delete, or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your web browser.  For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash LSOs, go to the Adobe Flash Player Help Page, choose “Global Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions.  To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO.
(3) Clear GIFs, Pixel Tags and Other Technologies
Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies.  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages.  We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage.  We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
(4) Third Party Analytics
We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Site.  We use these tools to help us improve our Site’s performance and user experiences.  These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services.  To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, please review the Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. You can also download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent their data from being used by Google Analytics at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Cross-Device Use. We and our third party service providers, including Google, may use the information that we collect about you (whether directly from our Site, through your device(s), or from a third party) to help us and our third party service providers identify other devices that you use (e.g., a mobile phone, tablet, other computer, etc.).  We, and our third party service providers also may use the cross-device use and other information we learn about you to serve targeted advertising on your devices and to send you emails.  To opt-out of cross-device advertising, you may follow the instructions set forth in the Third-Party Ad Networks section below.  Please note:  if you opt-out of these targeted advertising cookies, your opt-out will be specific to the web browser or device from which you accessed the opt-out.  If you use multiple devices or web browsers, you will need to opt-out each browser or device that you use.
(5) Third-Party Ad Networks
We use third parties such as network advertisers to display advertisements on our Sites, to assist us in displaying advertisements on third party websites, and to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns.  Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Site as well as other websites.  This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements by displaying ads for products and services in which you might be interested.  Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs, and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you.  These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one.  We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our services, as well as aggregate or de-identified information about visitors to our Site and users of our Services.
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).  For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp (NAI) and www.aboutads.info/choices (DAA).
Opting out of one or more NAI member or DAA member networks (many of which will be the same) only means that those members no longer will deliver targeted content or ads to you.  It does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content or ads on our Site or other websites.  You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective.  Additional information is available on NAI’s and DAA’s websites accessible by the above links.
K. Do Not Sell
When you signed on to this Site, you were prompted with a “Do Not Sell” button. We do not sell any of your personal information for any purpose to any third parties. Any unintentional or incidental information exchanges with our third-party partners are not intended to be for consideration.
L. Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a resident of California, you may have the right to request and receive certain information about a company’s disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing use, and your choices with respect to such disclosures. Because we do not share your personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing use unless you are first given the opportunity to opt-in or out, we are exempt from this requirement. For any further information about how we comply with this requirement, please contact us as outlined below.
M. Security
No method of data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us.  We do incorporate commercially reasonable technical and administrative means intended to provide security on our systems from corruption, loss, unauthorized access, or misuse.  You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. If you feel that the security of any information or any account that you have with us may have been compromised please contact us immediately as outlined below.
N. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at consumer.relations@rb.com or 1-800-526-6251 or write to us at:
RB Health (US) LLC 399 Interpace Parkway Parsippany, NJ 07054-0225 Attn: Consumer Relations
All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this Policy.
If you would like to exercise any rights you may have or understand if they apply to you, please complete and submit an online request form.
O. Changes to this Policy
This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site, https://www.schiffvitamins.com/pages/privacy-policy.  If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site.
x