http://www.fabulousrugs.com/terms-of-use/
Introduction
Dimensions, Inc., a/k/a Area Rug Dimensions, (“ARD”) is pleased to give you access to its web site (the “Site”), free of charge. Your use of the Site, and all information, products and services on this Site (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the binding legal terms set forth below (“Terms”). You understand we may update these Terms from time to time without giving you any notice. By using this website, you agree to each of the terms set forth below. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, do not use this website.
The Site contains links to other Websites. Your use of such other Websites is subject to the Terms of Use, if any, contained within each such Website. If there is any conflict between the Terms set forth below and any Terms or notices set forth on any other Website, then the terms of such other Website will control your use of that Website. Please review the Terms of Use for each Website so that you understand all of the terms that will apply.
Limitations of Liability
The information on this website is provided free of charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website.
While it is our goal to ensure that the information on this website is correct and up-to-date, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this website is kept updated.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under these terms and conditions or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise – including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
However, nothing in these terms and conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Privacy
Any information that we may collect from you during your use of the Site is subject to our Privacy Policy. You can access our Privacy Policy at Privacy Policy.
Use of This Website
You may use the Services on the Site for your personal use. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and make a single copy of the individual screens you see when you use the Site, but only for your personal use, and not for further distribution or transfer to others. You may not – and agree to not – modify, reformat, reproduce, duplicate, copy, display, distribute, transmit, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer, sell, resell or otherwise exploit our website or material or information obtained from our website for any commercial purpose, except as set forth in this Agreement, without our written consent. Additionally, you agree to not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system. You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent. You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website.
You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
Registration
If you decide to become a registered user of this site, you will be asked to give us some information about yourself. During the registration process, you agree to give us true, accurate and complete information about yourself, and to promptly update this information when it changes. If you do not update it, we may suspend or terminate your use of the site as explained below. Any personal information that you provide to us is subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
No License Granted
Except for allowing you to use the Site for your personal use as set forth in the paragraph above, when you use the Site you are not receiving a license or any other rights from us, including intellectual property or other proprietary rights of ARD. You understand that you have no rights to the services or any other ARD property except as indicated in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensees own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all our intellectual property rights are reserved.
All product trademarks and copyrights (including but not limited to ARD, etc.) remain the property of their respective owners.
Restricted Access
We reserve the right to restrict access to areas of our website, or indeed our whole website, at our discretion.
Protecting Children
ARD strives to create a safe place for children on the Internet and over the airwaves. Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist parents in limiting access to content that may be harmful to minors.
Disclosure of Your Identity
From time to time we may receive requests to disclose the identities of our users. We only will disclose the identities of ours users or other personally identifiable information in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy. See Privacy Policy.
Indemnity
You understand that you are personally responsible for your behavior while on the Site, and agree to indemnify and hold ARD and its affiliates and their officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any loss, damage, liability, cost or expense of any kind (including attorneys’ fees) that we may incur in connection with a third party claim or otherwise, in relation to your use of or access to the Site, or your violation of either these Terms or the rights of any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranties
You understand that your use of the services (including any downloads and any loss of data or other damage to your computer system you experience from using this Site) is at your sole risk. You understand that the services and all information, products and other content, including third party information, products and content, included in or accessible from the Site, are provided on an “as is” and “where available” basis, and are subject to change at any time without notice to you. You understand that no warranty of any kind, whether oral or written, can modify the terms of the disclaimer set forth in this document.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, ARD disclaims all representation, warranties and conditions of any kind, be they express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement of proprietary rights, as to the services and all information, products and other content, including third-party information, products and content, included in or accessible from the Site.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event with ARD or its affiliates be liable to you or any third party making claims through you, for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods or services, unauthorized access to and tampering with your personal information or transmissions, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, unauthorized use, performance or non-performance of the site or the services, even if ARD has been advised previously of the possibility of such damages and whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise.
Access Restrictions; Termination; Variation of Terms
We can terminate your access to the Site or the Services at any time.
We may also revise these Terms at any time, and your continued use of the Services after any change we make will mean that you agreed with the changes. If you do not agree to any change, do not use this site in any manner for any purpose. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Website Maintenance
In order to ensure that you have the latest information, product availability, and dealer listings, ARD will update our website occasionally. However, there may be other delays and service interruptions from time to time. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. Please check back, as we intend to have any website issues resolved very quickly.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All content on the Site is owned by ARD and/or its licensees and protected by applicable law, with all rights reserved. ARD will terminate your access to, or use of, the Site and/or the services, without notice to you, if you infringe or misappropriate the intellectual property rights, including copyrights, of others.
Entire Agreement
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Jurisdiction
If any part of these Terms is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, it will not impact any other provision of these Terms, all of which will remain in full force and effect. These Terms are governed by, and will be interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the State of Kansas, without regard to any choice of law provisions.
Contact information:
The full name of our company is Dimensions, Inc., a/k/a Area Rug Dimensions, 12623 Metcalf Avenue, Overland Park, KS 66213. You can contact us by phone at: 913-327-8784.
Visit Our Showroom at
127th & MetcalfStore Hours
Monday-Friday
Saturday
Sunday
9am - 5pm
10am - 5pm
Closed
ORIENTAL AREA RUGS
CUSTOM AREA RUGS
TRANSITIONAL & CONTEMPORARY RUGS
STAIR RUNNERS
LET OUR DESIGNERS HELP YOU We have experienced interior designers who understand how colors, textures, patterns and styles come together to add beauty to your home. When you come to our showroom, bring pillows, curtain samples, paint chips or photos so we can see the area you’re improving. Better yet, we’ll come to you with our “In-Home Consultation” service and see your space so we can narrow down your selection or design a custom rug just for you!
Schedule an Appointment
TESTIMONIALS
Thank you … The rug you had sent to me last week (Kalaty/Tuscany 6x9) is fabulous!!!  The rug is exactly as seen in the showroom, excellent condition when received, and the delivery was exceptional.   You place the order on Monday and I received the rug before noon on Friday.
I’m thinking about buying the runner in this same pattern for the bathroom.  I’m going to think about it this week.
Again, thank you so much for your help and fantastic service.
- Victoria M.
Chris, I just received and quickly put down our new runner. It is absolutely gorgeous and matches beautifully. Thank you for taking the time to send me new pictures of carpets to choose from and helping with a price deal after I choose the one carpet that was discontinued.
I definitely would recommend others to do business with you and your company.
Thank  you again,
- Brett F.
Chris,
thanks for all of the incredible help on figuring out what size to make my rug. You went above and beyond. Thanks, I will recommend you to anyone that I know that needs to purchase a rug.
Sincerely,
- Kathy C.
Chris,
Thanks for all of the incredible help on figuring out what size to make my rug.
You went above and beyond.
Thanks, I will recommend you to anyone that I know that needs to purchase a rug
- Kathy C.
Thank you, Chris and Meredith.
You have been "Fabulous" to work with and I really appreciate everything you've done to help me.
- Carla
I purchased an area rug from Area Rug Dimensions.
Before having to pay for it, I was given the option to take it home and try it in my room to make sure it fit and to see if I liked the color.
The salesperson was very knowledgeable and explained the different types of fabric and weaves.
He worked very hard to find a rug in my price range.
- Connie E.
I sent one of my clients to Area Rug Dimensions and they were impressed at their polite and quick service.
- Irene S
Matt,
I just wanted to let you know that the Stanton Motion rug we purchased from you looks great in our kitchen and we are enjoying it.
Thank you again for all your help.
- Dorothy F
Matt,
I will definitely consider you when I need another rug!
I love the one I just got from you!
Thanks so much - your customer service is outstanding!
- Kelle
Chris, just wanted to let you know that we got the rug & it does indeed look "fabulous!"
Thanks for your help with this.
- Toby L
Chris,
Just received and quickly put down our new runner. It is absolutely gorgeous and matches beautifully. Thank you for taking the time to send me new pictures of carpets to choose from and helping with a price deal after I choose the one carpet that was discontinued.
I definitely would recommend others to do business with you and your company.
- Brett F
Chris,
Just received the rug.
I LOVE IT!!
Thanks so much for your help....it is perfect! I appreciate all the work you did with pictures and suggestions.
Take Care!
- Robin
Fantastic not just fabulous!! Thanks so much for the great service and pleasant attitude. I'll be telling everyone about you!!! Have a great day!
- Judy
Dear Chris,
The stair runner was installed yesterday and it is fabulous!
It looks absolutely regal and is so plush to walk on that I insisted that my husband and I go up and down the stairs in bare feet just to enjoy it!
And the dyes match perfectly! I would be delighted to serve as a reference for Fabulous Rugs should you ever need one.
Your customer service and insight are unparalleled.
Thank you again!
- Anne
Dear Chris,
Bev and I are very pleased with the area rugs that we purchased from
Area Rug Dimensions.
You helped us through the design process and gave us all the
information necessary to make the best decision.
You did not push the
most expensive or the cheapest rug, but wanted the make sure we bought
the right product for our home and lifestyle.
Not only did you help us
personally, your people are also very professional.
I would recommend Area Rug Dimensions to anyone, including my kitchen
remodeling clients.
Please feel free to use us as a reference and feel
free to copy this letter and show any prospective customers.
-Mike M
Come See Our Showroom!