https://www.nissen.uk.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyNissen Leisure2018-09-30T18:33:12+00:00
Nissen Leisure Ltd Privacy PolicyMay 2018This privacy policy sets out how Nissen Leisure Ltd uses and protects any information that you give when you order from us.
Nissen Leisure is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
 Company trading name
 Company VAT / EORI / Deferment Numbers
 Company registration number
 Delivery and site address (if applicable and including your customers)
 Company contact names, telephone numbers and email addresses
 Full bank details for paying you (if applicable)
 Invoice activity
How we use the data
 The data provided enables us to communicate with you by sending information relevant to our business relationship such as invoices/order acknowledgements and quotes
 We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, information is only held on our secure accounting system which is safeguarded against data breaches and backed up accordingly. All credit card transactions are carried out using Barclaycard secure online system, and all details taken by us are securely destroyed after payment has been taken.
Your rights
 You have the right to be removed from the database
 Under GDPR, if you do not wish your data to be kept and used by us in the above instances please contact us ASAP and we will remove your details immediately
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the below address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Nissen Leisure Ltd
Unit 14, Burnham Business Park
Burnham on Crouch, Essex CM0 8TE
01621 784684
admin@nissen.uk.com
CookiesThis website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Read more information.That's Fine