https://www.mobilitytoys.com/privacy-policy
Home
Testimonials
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Login / Register
My Cart : 0 item(s) /
$0.00
(888) 466-1650
Login
Register
My Cart: 0 Items
($0.00)
Checkout
*More
Beds
Cushions
Lift Chairs
Power Wheelchairs
Ramps
Scooters
Vehicle Lifts
Walking Aids
Wheelchairs
*More
Bath Safety
Commodes
Grab Bars
Raised Toilet Seats
Rehab Shower Commodes
Stools & Seats
Transfer Benches
Patient Lifts
Bath Lifts
Heavy Duty Patient Lifts
Manual Patient Lifts
Pool Lifts
Accessories and More for Pool Lifts
ADA Compliant Pool Lifts
Manual Pool Lifts
Power Pool Lifts
Power Patient Lifts
Slings
Stand-Up Patient Lifts
Stair Lifts
Indoor Stairlifts
Outdoor Stair Lifts
Beds
Adjustable Beds
Hill-Rom Beds
Standard Hospital Beds
Full Electric Frames
Heavy Duty Beds
Manual Bed Frames
Semi-Electric Frames
Cushions
Back Cushions
Wedge Cushions
Wheelchair Cushions
Lift Chairs
2 Position Lift Chairs
3 Position Lift Chairs
Heavy Duty / High Weight Capacity Lift Chairs
Infinite-Position Lift Chairs
Seat Lifts
Zero Gravity Lift Chairs
Power Wheelchairs
Elevating Power Wheelchairs
Folding Power Wheelchairs
Full Size Power Wheelchairs
Heavy Duty/High Weight Capacity Power Wheelchairs
Portable Power Wheelchairs
Ramps
Modular Ramps
Multi-Fold Ramps
Roll-A-Ramps
Portable Ramps
Van Ramps
Manual Van Ramps
Powered Van Ramps
Single Fold Ramps
Solid Ramps
Threshold Ramps
Van Ramps
Scooters
3-Wheel Scooters
3-Wheel Travel Scooters
4-Wheel Scooters
4-Wheel Travel Scooters
All-Terrain Scooters
Folding Scooters
Heavy Duty Scooters
Recreational Scooters
Vehicle Lifts
Lifts for Manual Wheelchairs
Lifts For Powerchairs
Inside Lifts For Power Chairs
Outside Manual Power Chair Lifts
Outside Powered Power Chair Lifts
Lifts for Scooters
Inside Scooter Lifts
Outside Manual Scooter Lifts
Outside Power Scooter Lifts
TriLifts
Walking Aids
Forearm Crutches
Quad Canes
Rolling Walkers
Heavy Duty/High Capacity Rolling Walkers
Luxury Rollators
Petite Rolling Walkers
Rolling Walkers w/Hand Brake
Rolling Walkers w/Weight Activated Brakes
Tall Rolling Walkers
Specialty Walkers
Standard Crutches
Standard Walkers
UpWalker
Walking Aid Accessories
Wheelchairs
Manual Wheelchairs
Heavy Duty Manual Wheelchairs
Lightweight Wheelchairs
Pediatric Wheelchairs
Recliner Wheelchairs
Standard Wheelchairs
Tilt Wheelchairs
Ultralightweight Wheelchairs
Folding Wheelchairs
Rigid Wheelchairs
Sports Wheelchairs
Titanium Wheelchairs
Power Wheelchairs
Transport Chairs
Heavy Duty Transport Wheelchairs
Lightweight Transport Wheelchairs
Standard Transport Wheelchairs
Search
Advanced search
Manufacturers
Please select
ACTIVECARE
Afikim
Aqua Creek
Bestcare
Comfort Lift
CTM Homecare
DRIVE MEDICAL
DURO-MED INDUSTRIES
EV RIDER
EWheels
EZ ACCESS
EZ CARRIER
FRANK MOBILITY
FREEDOM LIFT
Global Lift Corp
GOLDEN TECHNOLOGIES
HARMAR MOBILITY
Hoyer
INVACARE
KARMAN HEALTHCARE
Liko
Luggie
MEDLINE
NOVA
PACESAVER
PRAIRIE VIEW INDUSTRIES
PRARIE VIEW INDUSTRIES
PRIDE MOBILITY
ProBasics
Rage PowerSports
Roll-A-Ramp
S.R. Smith
Shoprider
SILVER STAR
SUNRISE/QUICKIE
TILT-A-RACK
TILT-A-RAMP
Tilt-a-Ramp
Transformer
Triaxe
TriLift
Uplift Technologies
Newsletter
Email Address:
Click here to unsubscribe
My Cart
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
Related Items
Privacy Policy
Mobility Toys Privacy Policy
At MobilityToys, we are committed to protecting your privacy both before and after the purchase process. We use the information we collect to process your medical equipment orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, billing and shipping addresses, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
When you register, we need only a name and email address, plus information that helps us to customize your on-line experience toward your specific needs and interests.
Product Reviews can only be submitted by customers who have actually purchased the product at MobilityToys.  Customers will be invited to submit a review on most products about 30 days after their purchase.
We may personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations about the products that might be of interest to you.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new MobilityToys.com services, and special offers we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, visit the registration page to change your preferences. Make sure to change your preferences for each account or e-mail address you have left with us.
How does MobilityToys protect customer information?
When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. The information you provide to us is sent via a secure socket layer (SSL) transmission. Furthermore, all of this data is protected against unauthorized access, and is stored with 128 bit encryption on our servers, the strongest industry standard encryption.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to personalize our home page and for you to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.
Will MobilityToys.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties? MobilityToys.com does not sell or rent your personal information to others. According to our privacy policy updated on 7/16/2010, MobilityToys on occasion will trade customer information with trustworthy third parties. If you would rather not have your information traded, please e-mail us at CustomerService@MobilityToys.com. (If you use more than one e-mail address to shop with us, send this message from each e-mail account you use.) Also, MobilityToys.com may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. MobilityToys.com may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of MobilityToys.com, our users, or others.
How does MobilityToys.com allow customers to update or change the information it collects?
You may update or change information related to your MobilityToys.com account by accessing the Your Account section of the website at the top of any page, and by providing your e-mail account and password. For other questions related to updating or changing your account information, please send e-mail to CustomerService@MobilityToys.com.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at MobilityToys.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third parties, but you can tell us not to by sending a blank e-mail message to CustomerService@MobilityToys.com. If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us, visit the Your Account page to change your preferences. Remember to change your preferences for each of the e-mail accounts you have given us.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by MobilityToys.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Home
Testimonials
Site Map
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
How to Enable Cookies
Privacy Policy
Powered by PinnacleCart Ecommerce Software