http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/about-us/about-us/hel00022/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
About Us
Next
About WHSmith
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
About Us
About WHSmith
Go to Category: About WHSmith
Cancel
Apply
About Us
With over 600 stores on the high street and another 800+ travel stores at airports, train stations, hospitals, workplaces and motorway services, WHSmith is one of the UK's leading retail groups and a household name.
The first newsagent in the Smith family name opened in 1792, and the company, WHSmith, was created in 1828. WHSmith.co.uk was launched in 1999.
You probably know us best for books, newspapers and stationery. Now, thanks to our carefully chosen partners, we offer an increasingly wide choice of goods through our stores and website.
Beyond the UK we continue to open stores in airports, railway stations, hospitals and shopping malls across Australia, South East Asia, India and the Middle East.
Being a responsible business is a high priority for us, and we continue to be ranked highly in the Business in the Community’s Corporate Responsibility Index. We continually strive to improve the way we do things across areas including:
Energy and emissions
Transport
Waste
Packaging
Encouraging customer responsibility
Product sourcing and suppliers
You can find out more about our Corporate Responsibility Programme on the WHSmith PLC website.
About WHSmith.co.uk
The WHSmith website launched in 1999, a few years after the UK’s first secure online order was placed with WHSmith in 1995. Our online service aims to make shopping as convenient as possible for our customers, and you’ll find many of our store products available for delivery to your home or one of our high street stores.
We offer:
Free home standard delivery for orders over £15
Free Same Day Click & Collect from our WHSmith high street stores
Simple returns to store if you’re unhappy with your purchase
Browse our online range at WHSmith.co.uk
FAQs About WHSmith
Where is my nearest WHSmith store?
You can use our Store Finder to locate your nearest WHSmith store
Where can I find out about working for WHSmith?
You can visit the WHSmith Careers website to view and apply for our latest vacancies
Where can I find out more information on WH Smith PLC?
We have a dedicated WH Smith PLC website with further information.
How can I contact WHSmith?
You can find our contact information on our Contact Us page
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies