https://www.scootersight.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Scooter Sight.com
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main content Skip to primary sidebar Skip to footerScooter Sight.comDiscover the Most Awesome Electric Scooters Today!Scooter Sight.com
Electric Scooter Guides
Scooter Reviews
Scooter Tips
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy for https://www.scootersight.com
The privacy of our visitors to https://www.scootersight.com is important to us.
At https://www.scootersight.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit https://www.scootersight.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums.
We also use third party advertisements on https://www.scootersight.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx
You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Primary SidebarSearch this website
FacebookGoogle+InstagramPinterestTwitterYouTube
Pro-Tec Full Cut Skate Helmet ReviewPro-Tec Classic Skate Helmet ReviewHow to Ride Electric Scooter: A Guide for BeginnersHow to Charge Electric Scooter the Right Way: Common Mistakes to AvoidGOTRAX Glider Electric Scooter for Kids & Adults ReviewTriple Eight Helmet with Sweatsaver Liner Review  How Fast do Electric Scooters Go and Tips to Increase SpeedCan Electric Scooters be Used in the Rain and Other Important QuestionsBest Electric Scooter for Adults and KidsAre Electric Scooters Legal in Your State?
Footer
Get Social With Us
FacebookGoogle+InstagramPinterestTwitterYouTube
Scooter Sight.com
Privacy Policy
Disclosure
Contact
About
© 2018 Scooter Sight.com
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best browsing experience.Find out more or adjust your settings.
Accept
Close GDPR Cookie Settings
Privacy Overview
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
Enable or Disable Cookies
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Enable All
Save Settings