http://www.rubberstamps.com.au/privacyinfo
Register
Log in
Wishlist
(0)
Shopping cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Personal menu
Menu
Search
Filters
Close
Rubber Stamps
Common Seals
Pre-Made Self-Inking Stamps
Daters & Numberers
Pads & Ink
Justice of the Peace
Hand Made By
Upload Artwork
Craft Stamps
Paw Print Stamps
Brand Identity
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Imprint Rubber Stamps shares your concerns over how information about you is used, and we appreciate your trust to use your information carefully. We've posted this notice to explain our privacy policy.
By visiting Imprint Rubber Stamps, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What information, about me, does Imprint Rubber Stamps use?
Any information we learn from our customers helps us to serve them better and improve their shopping experience on our site. Any information you enter on our Web site or give to us in any other way is stored securely on our servers. You may always choose not to provide certain information, but in doing so, you may deny yourself the ability to use the site or use certain features.
In most cases, we use the information customers provide for such purposes as assisting with order processing, responding to your customer queries, customising emails and shopping for customers, and simply communicating.
In truth, due to our careful security measures, we receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Many websites, for example, use "cookies," and we do as well. These are used to recognise when you return to Imprint Rubber Stamps through your browser and to follow your movements through the site to better help us in making a site that you will enjoy using.
What information, about me, does Imprint Rubber Stamps share with other companies?
This is the privacy question that we get asked most often. We know how important information about our customers is in our business, both to you and us, as well as other companies. Despite the financial advantages that might be had, however, we are not in the business of selling your information to others.
If you've ordered from us already, you may know that, naturally, we must use other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. These functions include delivering packages, sending postal mail, processing credit card payments, etc. As a result, businesses such as shipping companies and credit card companies may have access to certain personal information needed to perform their functions. But these companies are under obligation not to use that information for any other purpose.
By law, we sometimes must release account and other personal information when we believe release is necessary to comply with law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Imprint Rubber Stamps, our users, or others. This may include exchanging information with Law Enforcement agencies, as well as other companies and organizations to increase fraud protection and credit risk reduction. This is for our customers' own good and protects all of us.
Does Imprint Rubber Stamps sell to children?
Imprint Rubber Stamps does not sell products for purchase by children or anyone under the age of 18. Our contest and promotions, furthermore, are eligible for entry only by customers 18 and over. We may sell some products meant for use by children, but these are only meant for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Imprint Rubber Stamps only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Summary
Remember that this Privacy Policy governs your use of Imprint Rubber Stamps, as well as our use of your information. It is your responsibility to review this Policy for changes, as well as your own account. If you choose to visit Imprint Rubber Stampsp, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Policy and our terms of usage as outlined throughout this site. This includes shipping and return policies, damage limitations and disputes. Please check our site frequently to see any changes to this or other policies.
Still have questions? Email us at sales@rubberstamps.com.au or use our contact form.
Contacts
+61 1300 105 578
+61 1300 157 846
-
sales@rubberstamps.com.au
-
Information
Privacy policy
Terms of use
Shipping & Returns
About Us
Contact Us
Sitemap
Visit our Trophy Store
Copyright © 2020 Imprint Rubber Stamps. All rights reserved.
Powered by nopCommerce