http://www.miniaturebricks.com/privacy_policy
£
Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
01243681240
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Cladding
Brickslips
Corner Slips
Cladding Stone
See All Cladding
Roofing
Roof Tiles
Real Slate
Stone Roofing Slabs
Real Lead
Ridge Tiles
Chimney Pots
See All Roofing
Versi Range
Versi Slips and Corners
Versi Roofing
Versi Stone
See All Versi Range
Flooring
1" Floor Blocks
2/3" Floor Tiles
1/3" Floor Tiles
Squared Random Flagstones
2" x 1 1/2" Flagstones
Kerbstones
Cobble Stones
Brick Paviors
Crazy Paving
Patio Slabs
Luxury Real Marble, Ceramic & Stone Floor Tiles
Vinyl Tiles
See All Flooring
Grit, Pebbles, Peastones
Cotswold Grit
Feldon Grit
Graean Grit
Herebrook Grit
Peastone/Pebblestone
Fine Grit / Black Grit
Coarse Grit
See All Grit, Pebbles, Peastones
Bricks, Walling Stone & Specials
Bricks
Walling and Rockery Stone
Shaped Bricks
Specials
Modelling Dust
Secret Doors
Fireplace Hearths
Landscaping Rubble
See All Bricks, Walling Stone & Specials
Bargain Box
Stone Offcuts
See All Bargain Box
Adhesives
Using our Products
Coverage Help and Advice
Product Instructions
See All Using our Products
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or when you place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address and phone number.You may, however, visit our site anonymously.All debit/credit card details and transactions wil be made through PayPal. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any third parties.
2. What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalise your experience
To improve our website
To improve our customer service
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
3. How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit or access your personal information.
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database, only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction your private information (credit cards etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
4. Do we use cookies?
We use Cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone (see below for phone number)
5. Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not share, sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
6. Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
7. Accessing personal details in membership area
There is a membership area or an area where the customer can view or make changes to any personally identifiable information on the site. The customer can view or make changes to any personally identifiable information, as explained below.
All users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging in and selecting My Account. You may then
Edit your account information
Change your password
Modify your address book
Modify your wish list
8. Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
9. Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
10. Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
11. Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
12. Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
miniaturebricks@hotmail.co.uk
Tel. +44 (0) 1243 681240
Stacey's Miniature Masonry, The Workshop, Easthampnett Lane, Chichester, West Sussex PO18 0JY