http://www.stuartweitzman.com/service/privacy/
Skip to Main Content
STUART WEITZMAN Privacy Notice
Last updated: January 1, 2020
Contents
1. What Types of Personal Information Do We collect?
2. How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
3. With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?
4. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information?
5. What Are Your Choices and Rights?
6. Changes to this Privacy Notice
7. How Can You Contact Us?
8. How Do We Use Cookies?
9. Supplemental California Privacy Policy
We are part of the Tapestry Inc. brands which include STUART WEITZMAN, COACH, and kate spade. In this Privacy Notice, we, Tapestry, Inc., describe how we use personal information that we collect from you if you are in the U.S. and you:
Access or use our website at www.stuartweitzman.com or any other website, application or online service that we operate which includes a link to this Privacy Notice;
Sign up in any of our stores for any of our online services; or
Contact us for customer service.
If you are a resident of California, please also see our Supplemental California Privacy Policy at Section 9 of this Privacy Notice below.
1. What Types of Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Actively Submit: If you buy our products online, register for an online account with us, use the “add to closet” features of our online services, sign up for updates and marketing communicationsfrom us, request specific product customizations from us, submit a product review on our website, contact us for customer service, or otherwise interact with us via our online services, we may collect personal information about you, including the following:
Contact Data, which may include your name, alias, username, postal address, email address and telephone number;
Order information and Account Data, which may include your Contact Data, payment card information, billing address, birth day and month, gender, nationality, and the details of the products or services you have ordered, purchased or requested from us;
“My Closet” Data, which may include your Contact Data and the products or services you are interested in;
Social Media Data, which may include your social media interactions with us (e.g., if you “like” or “share” or “comment” on something you see on our social media platforms), or if you choose to send us a query via social media channel, and any information you actively provide to us for social media marketing purposes; and
Correspondence Data, which you voluntarily provide to us when making inquiries to customer care, comments on our social media, product reviews on our site, interests if you choose to participate in our clienteling program, and any other information you actively provide to us.
Information Passively Submitted on our Online Services: When you use our online services, we collect information from or about the computer, phone or other device on which you have installed, or from which you access, our online services, and information about your usage of our online services, including the following:
Technical Data, which includes your IP address, browser type and version, device identifier, location and time zone setting, network and/or service provider, operating system and platform, page response times, and download errors;
Online Usage and Interaction Data, which includes the websites you visited before and after visiting our website, products you viewed or searched for on our online services, length of visits to certain online pages, online page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouseovers), methods used to browse away from online pages, your interactions with our marketing emails (such as whether and when you opened an email from us, and whether you clicked a link in the email or forwarded the email), and your interactions with our online ads.
Cookies and Related Technologies: We and our business partners may use cookies and other similar technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons to collect certain types of the Technical Data and Usage Data described above as permitted by applicable law. Cookies and similar technologies are placed on our site for the following purposes:
Enable basic functioning of our website;
Web analytics to improve our website (structure, features, accessibility and usability, content, or to fix any technical issues through gathering relevant technical data);
Enable certain basic functions of online browsing and shopping with us (for example, save information you generated or provided on our website such as preferred items, items placed in the cart);
Monitor the effectiveness of our online ads and marketing (by recording your interactions with our ads on third-party websites, our social media platforms or our marketing emails); and
Learn more about your preferences and Internet browsing habits to provide you with tailored web-visit.
For more information about the cookies and similar technologies we use, please see our How do we use Cookies  in section 8 below.
We partner with Rakuten Advertising, who may collect  personal information when you interact with our site. The collection and use of this information is subject to the privacy policy located here: https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
No Children’s Information: Our online services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly register or otherwise collect personal information from any child under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of the child's parent or guardian.
2. How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
We use the following categories of personal information for the following purposes:
Contact Data to communicate with you, including about products and services you have ordered, or to send you updates about our products, services, or campaigns that may be of interest; or when you contact customer care, or if you request us to contact you when a repair is ready.
Order Information and Account Data to create and manage your account on our website (for example to enable you to access, update and save your preferences to the account); fulfill your orders, including product customization requests.
“My Closet” Data to provide you with the “My Closet” features of our online services, which allow you to identify and save products that you are interested in.
Social Media Datato interact with you through our social media platforms; and administer social media marketing initiatives or social media advertising campaigns.
Correspondence Data to respond to any specific queries when you contact customer care, to understand your preferences so that we can provide you with updates about our products, events, or services that may be of interest, provide you with a more tailored shopping experience when you arrive to our stores, or to improve our product offerings based on your product review.
Technical Data and Online Usage and Interaction Data to provide, maintain, monitor, secure, debug, personalize and optimize our online services to and for you; provide you with customer service for example when you use our chat function; and generally develop and improve our products and services. We also use technical data that is automatically collected by cookies and related technologies to understand the effectiveness of our ads and social media campaigns.
We also use your personal information for the following purposes (collectively, the “General Processing Purposes”), as permitted by applicable law:
Advertising and Marketing Activities:To provide you with marketing communications, updates on special offers or promotions, products and services that we believe you may be interested in, or to administer and let you know about our sweepstakes and giveaways. We may tailor the content of those communications based on our understanding of your preferences.
Compliance with Laws: To perform activities necessary to ensure compliance with applicable national, state, provincial and other applicable laws, and to respond to requests from government authorities.
Performance of Contracts: To perform our obligations and exercise our rights under our Terms of Use or any other agreement that you enter with us.
Protection of Legal Interests:To protect our legal interests, for example in the event of a complaint or dispute.
Research and Development: To perform research and understand preferences about our products, to improve product design and product testing;
Merger or Sale:In the event that we, or some or all of our assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party entity or in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control, we may transfer some or all of the personal information that we have collected about you to another organization as part of that transaction. If we intend to transfer your personal information in connection with such a transaction, we may proceed with notice to you, grant you an opportunity to object, or seek your consent, as permitted or required by applicable law.
3. With Whom Do We Share Your Personal Information?
We may share your personal information with the following types of third parties as permitted by applicable law:
Our service providers and business partners: We rely on affiliated and unaffiliated companies, agents and contractors to assist us with the provision of Tapestry services and products to you, including:
Online payment and fraud prevention service providers when you make a purchase;
Delivery / logistics service providers, to deliver products you have purchased;
Customer care services;
Infrastructure and IT service providers, including cloud service providers to administer our website and your account if you register with us;
Marketing, advertising and communications agencies to send you information about products and services that may be of interest to you;
Providers of services related to some enhanced online features such as customer review;
Advertising companies who help us understand the effectiveness of our ads and traffic on our site;
Providers of website testing / analytics services; or
External auditors and advisers;
We provide our service providers and business partners with access to your personal information so that they may provide services to us, subject to non-disclosure agreements and other data protection safeguards.
Third parties permitted or required by law: In certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose or share your personal information to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to regulators, government agencies or to judicial or administrative authorities. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties where disclosure is both legally permissible and necessary to protect or defend our rights, for law enforcement purposes, or to enforce our contracts or protect your rights.
Third parties connected with business transfers: We may transfer your personal information to third parties in connection with a reorganization, restructuring, merger, acquisition or transfer of assets, provided that the receiving party agrees to treat your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Notice.
Please note our online services may contain links to and from the websites of our partners or affiliates that are not owned or operated by us. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please review the privacy policies of third party websites before you submit any personal information to them. We are not responsible for any privacy or security policies of these third party sites.
4. How do we protect your personal information?
We have implemented technical and organizational security measures intended to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control. Such measures include, for example, limiting access to personal information only to employees and authorized service providers who need to know such information for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, as well as other administrative, technical and physical safeguards.
For example, when you place an order on www.stuartweitzman.com, we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, an encryption tool that provides security while transmitting information over the Internet. We also use firewall technology, password controls, and other technological and procedural safeguards in respect of your online interactions with us.
While we endeavor to protect our systems, sites, operations and information against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure, due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications vehicle and other risk factors, we cannot guarantee that any information, during transmission or while stored on our systems, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
5. What are Your Choices and Rights?
Unsubscribe. You may unsubscribe from our marketing emails or SMS communications. To do unsubscribe from marketing emails, please click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email that you receive or email us at privacy@tapestry.com. To unsubscribe from SMS communications, follow the instructions in the message. Please note that if you have already requested products or services when you decide to withdraw consent, there may be a short period of time for us to update your preferences and ensure that we honor your request.
Update, Modify or Correct Your Information. We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your personal information if it changes or if you believe that any information that we have collected about you is inaccurate.We may request information from you to honor your request, such as to ensure proper authentication or to verify the business branch of ours to which the information was provided.
Rights under Applicable Privacy Laws. You may have rights under applicable privacy laws, including to access or erase certain personal information that we have about you, or restrict or object to certain activities in which we engage with respect to your personal information. To submit a request to exercise any such rights, please contact us using the details in Section 7 below. If you are a resident of California, please also see our Supplemental California Privacy Policy at Section 8 below.
6. Changes to This Privacy Notice
We may change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Notice at any time, in which case we will provide individuals with notice of such updates where required by applicable law and then upload the updated Privacy Notice to our websitewww.stuartweitzman.com. You should check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our online services or any of the other services described in this Privacy Notice following the posting of changes to this Privacy Notice will be considered your consent to those changes.
7. How Can You Contact Us?
To exercise any of your privacy rights, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Notice or the data processing practices outlined herein, please contact us as follows:
by email: privacy@tapestry.com
by phone:
Customer Care
1.877.793.4896
by post:  Tapestry Privacy Office; 10 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001
8. How Do We Use Cookies?
In this Cookie Notice, we, Tapestry, Inc., explain how we use cookies and similar digital tracking technologies on our website and other online services.
Like many other organizations, we use cookies or similar digital tracking technologies on our website for a number of purposes as set out below. Cookies (or other similar technologies) can be placed on our website by us or by third-party partners we engage for our purposes.
Third-party cookies may also be deployed on our behalf on third-party websites (e.g. to measure the effectiveness of ads). We respect applicable law about cookies. In particular, we use cookies only with your authorization where this is required by applicable law. In any case, you may opt-out from cookies at any time by changing your browser settings accordingly. However, as a consequence of your opt-out, certain functions, portions or features of our website may cease working or may prevent you from fully benefiting of our online services.
A. Categories of cookies
Some cookies are deleted when you close down your browser. These are known as session cookies. Others remain on your device until they expire or you delete them from your cache. These are known as persistent cookies and these types enable us to remember things about you as a returning visitor. The main categories of cookies we use include:
• Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, and ensuring the security of your online transactions with us and online access to our website. Without these cookies, services you have asked for, such as completing a transaction, cannot be provided. These cookies don’t gather information about you for the purposes of marketing.
• Performance cookies: These cookies allow us to count the number of visitors and collect information about how visitors use a web site, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor although they may collect the IP address of the device used to access the site. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how a website works and the user experience. By using our websites you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device, however you can block these cookies using your browser settings (please see "How to manage your cookies" section below).
• Functionality cookies: These cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our website and allows the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name). They may also be used to provide services you have requested such as watching a video. The information these cookies collect is anonymized (i.e. it does not contain your name, address, account details, etc.) and they do not track your browsing activity across other websites. By using our websites you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device, however you can block these cookies using your browser settings (please see "How to manage your cookies" section below).
• First and third party cookies: Whether a cookie is a first or third party cookie depends on which website the cookie comes from. First party cookies are those set by or on behalf of the website visited. All other cookies are third party cookies.
• Targeting/Marketing cookies: These cookies make marketing messages more relevant to you. We or a third party advertising network may collect information relating to your browsing history and interests to tailor relevant advertising to you. The advertisement network partner may use marketing cookies to collect usage, navigational or other statistical data about your activities on our websites and mobile applications to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests, limit the number of times you see the same advertisement on our websites or mobile applications and to help measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
• Personalization cookies: Cookies may also be used on our website to personalize your shopping experience and enable you to use certain function (such as “add to Closet” or “save”), to deliver ads which might be relevant to you, or for us to conduct internal testing on what works best for our customers.
To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Alternatively, you can search the Internet for other independent information on cookies.
B. Purposes of use of cookies
We use cookies for the following purposes:
• Enable basic functioning of our website;
• Web analytics to improve our website (structure, features, accessibility and usability, content) or to fix any technical issue through gathering relevant technical data;
• Enable certain basic functions of online browsing and shopping with us (for example, save information you generated or provided on our website such as preferred items, items placed in the cart, billing address to save time and effort when you next return to our website or shop with us);
• Monitor the effectiveness of our online ads and marketing (by recording your interactions with our ads on third-party websites, our social media platforms or our marketing emails); and
• Learn more about your preferences and Internet browsing habits to provide you with tailored advertising (you certainly don't want to hear from us about something you are not interested in).
C. How to manage your cookies?
The browsers of most computers, smartphones and other web-enabled devices are typically set up to accept cookies. If you wish to amend your cookie preferences for this website or any other websites, you can do this through your browser settings. Your browser’s ‘help’ function will tell you how to do this. If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html, butplease visit the links below to opt-out of marketing cookies from over 50+ major third party behavioral advertising providers:
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.NetworkAdvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Please remember that cookies are often used to enable and improve certain functions on our website. If you choose to switch certain cookies off, it is likely to affect the user experience.
9. Supplemental California Privacy Policy
In this Supplemental California Privacy Policy, we, Tapestry, Inc., disclose information about our data processing practices as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and California law. This Supplemental California Privacy Policy is effective January 1, 2020.
A. Who and what information is subject to the CCPA?
The CCPA protects California residents as “consumers” with respect to their personal information, although a number of exceptions apply. As a result, the Supplemental CCPA Disclosures and relevant CCPA Rights subsections below may not apply when they restrict our ability to comply with a court order or regulator with competent authority, federal, state or local laws, investigations, and cooperation with law enforcement, exercise of our legal claims, or collection or use of de-identified information.
B. Supplemental CCPA Disclosures
In the table below, we have set out the categories of personal information we have collected about California residents in the preceding 12 months and describe, for each category of personal information collected, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected. Each of the categories of personal information listed are collected directly from consumers. Each of the categories of personal information in the table may also be shared with the following categories of third parties: (i) our Service providers and business partners, including those listed at Section 3 above, (ii) government entities as required by applicable law, (iii) other recipients at your discretion or with your consent, and (iv) third parties in the event of a proposed or actual business transaction involving all or any portion of our business.
Additional information about sales of information can be found below the table.
Category of personal information:
We collected such personal information for the following purposes:
Identifiers such as a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
We may use this information for any of the purposes described in Section 2 above.
Categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code, including name, signature, address, telephone number, and credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
We use this information to process payment, fulfill your order, or process a return.
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; namely, gender and age.
We use this information to better understand our clientele, for example for example when you opt in to our clienteling program.
Commercial information, including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
We use this information to fulfil your order, manage consumers’ online account with us, personalize and optimize consumers’ shopping experience with us (for example, letting you know when a favorite product is back in stock, recording certain information from past purchases which can be used in future purchases such as preferred address and favorite store locations), provide consumers with customer support.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet Web site, application, or advertisement.
We may use this information for any of the purposes described in Section 2 above.
Geolocation data.
We may use this information to enable consumers to view nearby stores.
Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information.
We use audio, visual or similar information that you may voluntarily provide in connection with customer care inquiries or for social media initiatives.
Inferences drawn from any of the information identified in this subdivision to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics and attitudes.
We use such information to personalize and optimize consumers’ shopping experience with us, enable consumers to use our “add to closet” features online, tailor our marketing efforts, and develop and improve our products and services.
Over the past 12 months, we also used the categories of personal information listed above as necessary to fulfil the General Processing Purposes described in Section 2 of this Notice above.
During the past 12 months, we shared certain categories of personal information about California residents with third parties and business partners in a manner that may constitute a “sale” under the CCPA, as described below:
Online Promotions and Advertising: We work with one or more third parties to (i) administer and analyze effectiveness of advertising or promotional campaigns. These third parties may place cookies on individuals’ computers to receive information about traffic to our site, browsing and purchasing activity on our online services, and (ii) From time to time third parties may help us to provide a more tailored user experience. These third parties may collect information about individuals’ internet or other similar network activity and browsing patterns, IP address, page interaction (such as scrolling, clicks and mouseovers), and information obtained via cookies with these third parties (such as the site visited before or after), and may retain rights to use some of this information for their own purposes.
C. CCPA Rights
California residents have the following rights:
Right to Opt-out of Sale: California residents have the right to opt-out of our “sales” of their personal information. To exercise this right, please, email us at privacy@tapestry.com with “California Request to Opt-Out” in the subject line, or use the contact details in Section 7 of this Privacy Notice above.
In addition, to opt out from the sale of your personal information collected by targeting cookies, update your cookie preferences by clicking the “Manage Cookies” link below, and toggle the button from “active” to “inactive”. Please note that when you opt out of targeting cookies, you may see less relevant ads on other sites.
Manage Cookies
Right to Know: California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell about them specifically. To submit a request to exercise this right to know, please email us at privacy@tapestry.com with “California Request to Know”,or use the contact details in Section 7 of this Privacy Notice above. Please specify in your request the details you would like to know, including any specific pieces of personal information you would like to access.
Right to Delete: California residents have the right to request the deletion of personal information that we collect or maintain about them. To submit a request to delete personal information, please email us at privacy@tapestry.comwith “California Request to Delete” in the subject line, or use the contact details in Section 7 of this Privacy Notice above. Please specify in your request the personal information about you that you would like to have deleted, which can be all of your personal information as required by the CCPA.
Right Not to be Discriminated Against: You may not be discriminated against because you exercise any of your rights under the CCPA in violation of Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.125.
Financial Incentives:From time to time we offer consumers who provide their email address, phone number and/or zip code to us for the purposes of receiving our marketing communications, free shipping, or sometimes a discount on an order. Consumers may opt in by entering their information when prompted upon first visiting our website. Consumers may opt out of marketing communications at any time by following the instructions in such communications. Consumers may also exercise their rights at any time by emailing at privacy@tapestry.com. The financial incentive is permitted under the CCPA because it is not discriminatory in nature—it does not deny consumers their rights under the CCPA or discriminate against consumers who may have exercised their rights under the CCPA.
If you submit a request to exercise your CCPA rights, we may ask that you provide certain information to verify your identity. If you have a password-protected account with us, we may verify your identity through our existing authentication practices for your account. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We will respond to your request in accordance with the CCPA. If we deny your request, we will explain why.
You can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the CCPA on your behalf if:
The authorized agent is a natural person or a business entity registered with the Secretary of State of California; and
You sign a written declaration that you authorize the authorized agent to act on your behalf.
If you use an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your right to know, right to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information, or your right to request deletion, please have the authorized agent take the following steps in addition to the steps described earlier:
Mail a certified copy of your written declaration authorizing the authorized agent to act on your behalf to Coach Privacy Office; 10 Hudson Yards New York, NY 10001; and
Provide any information we request in our response to your email to verify your identity. The information that we ask you to provide to verify your identity will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue.
If you provide an authorized agent with power of attorney pursuant to California Probate Code sections 4000 to 4465, it may not be necessary to perform these steps and we will respond to any request from such authorized agent in accordance with the CCPA.
Rakuten Advertising may collect personal information when you interact with our digital property, including IP addresses, digital identifiers, information about your web browsing and app usage and how you interact with our properties and ads for a variety of purposes, such as personalization of offers or advertisements, analytics about how you  engage with websites or ads and other commercial purposes. For more information about the collection, use and sale of your personal data and your rights, please use the below links.
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-policy/
https://rakutenadvertising.com/legal-notices/services-privacy-rights-request-form/
D. Shine the Light Law
California residents are entitled once per year to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of your personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@tapestry.com with your full name, email address, and postal address in your message. In response to your request, we will provide you with a notice describing the cost-free means to opt-out of our sharing your personally identifiable information with third parties with whom we do not share the same brand name, if the third party will use it for their direct marketing purposes.
orders & shipping
Track Order
Shipping Details & Fees
Order Verification
Email Preferences
returns & exchanges
Returns
Exchanges
Price Adjustments
repairs
Repairs
fit facts & care tips
Global Size Guide
Width Guide
Fit Tip FAQs
Care Tips
trunk show
Trunk Show
the fine print
California Transparency Act
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Brand Protection
Track Order
Find A Store
Tapestry
Customer Care
Contact Us
Careers
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Responsibility
Brand Protection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Sign up to receive 15% off
Enter Email for SW Updates
You are signing up to receive SW emails. You may withdraw your consent at any time. Read our Privacy Policy or Contact Us for more details.
SHIPPING TO:
Facebook
Instagram
Snapchat
Pinterest
Twitter
YouTube
Weibo
Follow Us
©2007-2020 Stuart Weitzman. All Rights Reserved.
California Transparency Act & UK Modern Slavery Act Statement
Enjoy a Welcome Gift
Thank You forBecoming an SW VIP
Thank Youfor Becoming an SW VIP
Receive 15% Off Your First Full-Price Purchase, Exclusive Offers, Early Access To New Launches, Special Events And More
Take 15% off your first full-price purchase with code SWWELCOME15
Discover and shop our new collection
Your Email Address Goes Here
Intended for US Customers only. You are signing up to receive SW emails. You can withdraw your consent or exercise your right to opt out at any time. Read our Privacy Policy for more details.
Continue Shopping
Create an Account
A little obsessed with shoes?
Follow the official Stuart Weitzman WeChat
Scan the QR code
Employee Discount
Employee discounts should only be used by employees for orders being placed on said employees credit card. If we find that fraudulent employee discounts are being used, we reserve the right to cancel discounts, cancel orders, make additional charges to your credit card, and cancel your membership.
I accept
I accept
Have Customer Care Call Me
First Name:
Last Name:
Order Number:
Phone Number:
shoe name
Want to let a special someone know that this is at the top
of your holiday wish list? No problem.
Just fill out the details below, and weï¿½ll handle the rest...
YOUR NAME
THEIR NAME
THEIR EMAIL
THANK YOU,
YOUR HINT HAS BEEN SENT
Shipping Restriction
These items are not eligible for shipping to
your current shipping destination.
(items show here)
Confirming this shipping destination will remove
these items from your bag and may impact
your promotion and shipping offers.
Confirm Your Updated Shipping
Good news! We are committed to offering the best and quickest service possible. Based on your selected shipping destination, we will automatically transport you to the official Stuart Weitzman website nearest to that location. The items in your shopping bag will not make the journey with you. Shoe styles and pricing varies by region, but don’t despair, we know you’ll be able to find the perfect pair.
Cancel
Continue
Item Added to your Shopping Bag
Strappyhi
Qty:
Shopping Bag
Items in Bag:
Merchandise:
View Shopping Bag
Continue Shopping
You May Also Like
FREE SHIPPING AND RETURNS
We are pleased to offer complimentary ground shipping on all orders shipping within the United States.Â  We are also pleased to offer complimentary return shipping on all orders returned within 14 days of original purchase.Â  Only full-price items are eligible for returns.Â  All sale or customized orders are final sale and are not eligible for return or exchange.Â  For full details on our shipping and return policies please visit the customer service page.
Find In A Store Near You
Search
We've located your item in the following stores
Pickup is only available for stores in the US. We make every effort to provide current product availability, but store inventory is constantly changing. The stock status is approximate, and an item's availability cannot be guaranteed. Order by 3pm ET for same day pickup.
We're sorry, but the item you've selected cannot be found in a store near you.
Complete your purchase online with free shipping.
Add to Bag
Signed In
You are now signed in to your account.
Checkout - Conditional Pre-Sale Acceptance
Thank you for your pre-sale purchase.
You will receive a shipment confirmation email when your order is shipped.Due to custom manufacturing of your shoes, we will immediately charge your credit card for your purchase. Please accept these payment terms by checking the box below.
I authorize my credit card to be charged upon placing this order
TRACK YOUR ORDER
Please enter your order number and billing zip code below to track your order.
Order Number
Billing Zip Code
PLEASE REVIEW
Yes
No
JONES EMPLOYEE DISCOUNT
Dear Colleagues,
Welcome to Stuart Weitzman.
You may now purchase any style using your employee discount.
To utilize your discount, kindly enter your employee file number at checkout in the promo code area.
SHOP NOW
Final Sale Terms and Conditions
All sale purchases are final sale. Discounted merchandise is not eligible for returns, exchanges, or price adjustments.
I understand this purchase is final sale and not eligible for a refund and I would like to proceed with checkout.
I understand this purchase is final sale and not eligible for a refund and I would like to proceed with checkout.
View Return Policy
Stuart Weitzman
ships globally
Choose your destination
This item has been added to your closet
VIEW CLOSET
Quick View Product
0 Reviews
FINAL SALE
Please contact Madison Avenue location to place special order.
QTY
VIEW FULL DETAILS
IT'S ON US: FREE SHIPPING
LIMITED AVAILABILITY, STYLE WILL NOT BE RESTOCKED
ONLY 1 LEFT
Add to Bag
FAVORITE