http://www.workngear.com/terms-conditions
DELIVERY TIME FOR EXPEDITED AND STANDARD SHIPPING MAY BE LONGER THAN USUAL AS FREIGHT CARRIERS RESPOND TO THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC
|
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99
|
Cookies are not enabled in your browser.
You must have Cookies enabled for the best experience on our site and to make a purchase.
false
Customer Service
Contact Customer Service
Ordering Information
My Account
Order Status
Shipping Information
Easy Returns
Insider Rewards FAQs
Other Helpful Links
Buying Guides
Find a Store
Your Privacy & Security
Work 'N Gear Web Site Terms of Use The following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") govern your use of the Work 'N Gear Web Site located at workngear.com (the "Site" or "Web Site"). The Site is made available by Work 'N Gear, LLC. ("we," "us," "our," or other similar pronouns). We may change the Terms and Conditions from time to time, at any time without notice to you, by posting such changes on the Site. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AS APPLIED TO YOUR USE OF THE SITE. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not access or otherwise use the Site.
Proprietary Rights. As between you and us, we own, solely and exclusively, all rights, title and interest in and to the Site, all the content (including, for example, audio, photographs, illustrations, graphics, other visuals, video, copy, software, etc.), code, data and materials thereon (other than the Submitted Materials, as defined below), the look and feel, design and organization of the Site, and the compilation of the content, code, data and materials on the Site, including but not limited to any copyrights, trademark rights, patent rights, database rights, moral rights, sui generis rights and other intellectual property and proprietary rights therein. Your use of the Site does not grant to you ownership of any content, code, data or materials you may access on the Site. Limited License. You may access and view the content on the Site on your computer or other internet compatible device, and make single copies or prints of the content on the Site for your personal, internal use only. The Site and the services offered on or through the Site, including any content and materials thereon, are only for your personal, non-commercial use. You may not otherwise download, display, copy, reproduce, distribute, modify, perform, transfer, create derivative works from, sell or otherwise exploit any content, code, data or materials on the Site. Prohibited Use. Any commercial distribution, publishing or exploitation of the Site, or any content, code, data or materials on the Site, is strictly prohibited unless you have received the express prior permission from us or the applicable rights holder. If you make use of the Site, or the content, code, data or materials thereon, except as allowed by the limited license above, you may violate copyright and other laws of the United States, other countries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject to liability for such unauthorized use. We will aggressively enforce our intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution. Trademarks. The trademarks, logos, service marks and trade names (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Web Site or on content available through the Web Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of ours and others and may not be used unless authorized by the trademark owner. All Trademarks not owned by us that appear on the Web Site or on or through the Web Site's services, if any, are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on the Web Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Web Site without our written permission or that of the third party rights holder. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site is strictly prohibited. We will aggressively enforce our Trademark rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution. User Information. In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide certain personalized information to us (such information referred to hereinafter as "User Information"). Our information collection and use policies with respect to the privacy of such User Information are set forth in the Site's Privacy Policy which is incorporated herein by reference for all purposes. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of User Information, and you agree to keep it up to date. Submitted Materials. Unless specifically requested, we do not solicit nor do we wish to receive any confidential, secret or proprietary information or other material from you through the Site, by e-mail or in any other way. Any information, creative works, demos, ideas, suggestions, concepts, methods, systems, designs, plans, techniques or other materials submitted or sent to us (including, for example and without limitation, that which you submit or post to our chat rooms, message boards, and/or our blogs, or send to us via e-mail) ("Submitted Materials") will be deemed not to be confidential or secret, and may be used by us in any manner consistent with the Site's Privacy Policy. By submitting or sending Submitted Materials to us, you: (i) represent and warrant that the Submitted Materials are original to you, that no other party has any rights thereto, and that any "moral rights" in Submitted Materials have been waived, and (ii) you grant us and our affiliates a royalty-free, unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive and fully transferable, assignable and sublicensable right and license to use, copy, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, make, sell and export such material (in whole or part) and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. We cannot be responsible for maintaining any Submitted Material that you provide to us, and we may delete or destroy any such Submitted Material at any time. Prohibited User Conduct. You warrant and agree that, while using the Web Site and the various services and features offered on or through the Web Site, you shall not: (a) impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity; (b) insert your own or a third party's advertising, branding or other promotional content into any of the Web Site's content, materials or services (for example, without limitation, in an RSS feed or a podcast received from us or otherwise through the Web Site), or use, redistribute, republish or exploit such content or service for any further commercial or promotional purposes; or (c) attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through the Web Site. You shall not: (i) engage in spidering, "screen scraping," "database scraping," harvesting of e-mail addresses, wireless addresses or other contact or personal information, or any other automatic means of accessing, logging-in or registering on the Site or for any services or features offered on or through the Site, or obtaining lists of users or obtaining or accessing other information or features on, from or through the Site or the services offered on or through the Site, including, without limitation, any information residing on any server or database connected to the Site or any services offered on or through the Site; (ii) obtain or attempt to obtain unauthorized access to computer systems, materials, information or any services made available on or through the Site through any means; (iii) use the Site or the services made available on or through the Site in any manner with the intent to interrupt, damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or such services, including, without limitation, sending mass unsolicited messages or "flooding" servers with requests; (iv) use the Web Site or the Web Site's services or features in violation of our or any third party's intellectual property or other proprietary or legal rights; or (v) use the Site or the Site's services in violation of any applicable law. You further agree that you may not attempt (or encourage or support any one else's attempt) to circumvent, reverse engineer, decrypt, or otherwise alter or interfere with the Site or the Site's services, or any content thereof, or make unauthorized use thereof. You agree that you will not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made publicly available or provided for through the Site. Engaging in any of the conduct above will be deemed to be an unauthorized use of the Web Site, and may subject you to civil or criminal prosecution for computer trespass, trespass to chattels, or other criminal or civil action. Public Forums. We may, from time to time, make comment areas, messaging services, chat services, bulletin boards, message boards, blogs, other forums and other such services available on or through the Web Site. In addition to any other rules or regulations that we may post in connection with a particular service, you agree that you shall not upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise publish through the Web Site or any service or feature made available on or through the Web Site, any materials which (i) restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Web Site or the Web Site's services, (ii) are fraudulent, unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, offensive, pornographic, profane, sexually explicit or indecent, (iii) constitute or encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any local, state, national or international law, (iv) violate, plagiarize or infringe the rights of third parties including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, trade secret, confidentiality, contract, patent, rights of privacy or publicity or any other proprietary right, (v) contain a virus, spyware, or other harmful component, (vi) contain embedded links, advertising, chain letters or pyramid schemes of any kind, or (vii) constitute or contain false or misleading indications of origin, endorsement or statements of fact. You further agree not to impersonate any other person or entity, including anyone from the Web Site or Work 'N Gear, Inc. You alone are responsible for the content and consequences of any of your activities. Right to Monitor and Editorial Control. We reserve the right, but do not have an obligation, to monitor and/or review all materials posted to the Web Site or through the Web Site's services or features by users, and we are not responsible for any such materials posted by users. However, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, that in our sole discretion are objectionable or in violation of this Terms of Use, our policies or applicable law. We may also impose limits on certain features of the forums or restrict your access to part or all of the forums without notice or penalty if we believe you are in breach of the guidelines set forth in this paragraph, our terms and conditions or applicable law, or for any other reason without notice of liability. Nothing herein shall make us a publisher of the content posted by users of our Web Site. Private or Sensitive Information on Public Forums. It is important to remember that comments submitted to a forum may be recorded and stored in multiple places, both on our Web Site and elsewhere on the Internet, which are likely to be accessible for a long time and you have no control over who will read them eventually. It is therefore important that you are careful and selective about the personal information that you disclose about yourself and others, and in particular, you should not disclose sensitive, proprietary or confidential information in your comments to our public forums. Linking to the Web Site. You agree that if you include a link from any other web site to the Web Site, such link shall open in a new browser window and shall link to the full version of an HTML formatted page of this Web Site. You are not permitted to link directly to any image hosted on the Web Site or our services, such as using an "in-line" linking method to cause the image hosted by us to be displayed on another web site. You agree not to download or use images hosted on this Web Site on another web site, for any purpose, including, without limitation, posting such images on another site. You agree not to link from any other web site to this Web Site in any manner such that the Web Site, or any page of the Web Site, is "framed," surrounded or obfuscated by any third party content, materials or branding. We reserve all of our rights under the law to insist that any link to the Web Site be discontinued, and to revoke your right to link to the Web Site from any other web site at any time upon written notice to you. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us, our affiliates, and our and their directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising in any way from your use of the Site, your placement or transmission of any message, content, information, software or other materials through the Site, or your breach or violation of the law or of these Terms and Conditions. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. Orders for Products and Services. We may make certain products available to visitors and registrants of the Site. You may only order products if, and you hereby represent and warrant that, you are domiciled in the United States and legally competent to enter into contracts. You agree to pay in full the prices for any purchases you make either by credit/debit card concurrent with your online order or by other payment means acceptable to us. You agree to pay all applicable taxes. If payment is not received by us from your credit or debit card issuer or its agents, you agree to pay all amounts due upon demand by us. Certain products that you purchase and/or download on or through the Web Site may be subject to additional terms and conditions presented to you at the time of such purchase or download. Third Party Web Sites. You may be able to link from the Web Site to third party web sites and third party web sites may link to the Web Site ("Linked Sites"). You acknowledge and agree that we have no responsibility for the information, content, products, services, advertising, code or other materials which may or may not be provided by or through Linked Sites, even if they are owned or run by affiliates of ours. Links to Linked Sites do not constitute an endorsement or sponsorship by us of such web sites or the information, content, products, services, advertising, code or other materials presented on or through such web sites. Also, we are not responsible for web casting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Sites. Any reliance on the contents of a third party web site is done at your own risk and you assume all responsibilities and consequences resulting from such reliance. Copyright Agent. We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who use the Site do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to Work 'N Gear Copyright Agent, designated as such pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, 17 U.S.C. 512(c)(2), named below:
Your address, telephone number, and email address; A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; A description of where the alleged infringing material is located; A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Designated Copyright Agent: Douglas Wolf, Esq. (Wolf Greenfield) Mailing Address: Wolf Greenfield, 600 Atlantic Ave., Boston, MA 02210 Voice: 617-573-7860 Fax: 617-720-2441 Email: dougwolf@wolfgreenfield.com
Copyright 2017 Work 'N Gear | 2300 Crown Colony Drive | Suite 300 | Quincy | MA 02169
Quick View
Close