http://www.aboutcurves.com/plus-size-lingerie/privacy.html
Login / Register
My Cart : 0 item(s) /
$0.00
Babydolls
Chemises
Nightgowns
Bridal Lingerie
Corsets & Bustiers
Peignoir Sets
Teddies
Pajamas
Robe Sets
Costumes
Vinyl
Thrills & Accessories
Shop By Size
Signature Exclusives
Best Sellers
This Just In!
ON SALE!
Gift Certificates
Newsletter
Sign up now for exclusive offers you don't want to miss!Email Address:
My Profile
Login
Register
Gift Certificate Balance
Privacy
Protecting your privacy is a top priority to us. Here's how we collect, use, and protect any personal, business or data information you provide to us via our web site, email, telephone, fax or mail.
While visiting our web site, information is stored in a log file for the purpose of analyzing what pages are accessed, which files are downloaded, and what errors occur. We review which top domain addresses visit our site.
When you complete any form on our site, your information is written to a file.
When you shop our online store, a SESSION ID tracks movements and your IP address is stored for authentication and verification reasons only. This is standard in all shopping cart programs. Your credit card information is stored securely via Thawte SSL, in a different location than your contact information, and is removed from the server when transactions are complete.
Our online store uses cookies to identify you and your movement through our store. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer, which expires by a certain date. Our cookies do not track your movement throughout the Internet and do not, ever, send us information about you when you are not on our site.
After you shop with us, your name, address, telephone number, and email address, along with your order, are kept on file for two reasons: 1. To reference should there be questions regarding your order; 2. To send you of any special updates you have chosen to receive. This information is never sold, traded, or distributed to others.
You have the option to opt-out of any notification altogether, and be removed from most of our database systems. Though we cannot remove your ordering information, you will be removed from our newsletter database immediately upon request.
Home
Testimonials
Site Map
Ordering Terms
About our Photos
About Us
Company Background
Contact Us
For Men
Frequently Asked Questions
In The News
Lingerie Care
Our Mission
Our Thanks
Privacy
Security
Shipping Info
Sites We Like
Size Chart
Wish List
Mobile Website