http://www.dayvillesupply.com/doc/privacy.html
Shop Online
Place Special Order
Local Deliveries
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Dayville Hay & Grain, Inc. at www.dayvillesupply.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this Web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the Web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on the site. We only have access to/collect information you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order or to update you about our offerings.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future product and service updates from us at any time. You can do so by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our Web site or in our correspondence to you. We welcome your feedback and questions about our use of your data.
Security
We make precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and offline. It is treated with the utmost discretion and respect. Your personal information is safe with us.
Whenever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your Web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only authorized individuals who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer communications) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
We deliver
We deliver hay and feed to
Snohomish, King, Skagit, Island, Kitsap, and
Whatcom Counties. Learn more and schedule delivery.
We take special orders
Submit a request or call
800-407-2624
Pick up at the store
Save on shipping! See hours
and directions.
1-800-407-2624
customerservice@dayvillesupply.com
About | Privacy | Site Map