http://www.djinkers.com/privacy-statement.html
DJ Inker's Privacy Statement
1. WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
The DJ Inkers will be what's known as the "Controller" of the personal data you provide to us. When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer's internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. 2. CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to create an account, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, on your account page by using our contact us form or by contacting us at smiles@djinkers.com. 3. DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. 4. PAYMENTS
We use a third party payment processor(s) to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. 5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store's website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website's Terms of Service. Links When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. 6. SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the USAhowever for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the USA on a secure server behind a firewall. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so. We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
Cookies
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We've listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. $XCART_SESSION_NAME  (xid_...), Remembers the user's shopping cart contents. Remembers the user's personal account information (name, address, orders history, etc) eucl_cookie_access EU Cookie Law module cookie; stores the user's cookie preferences $XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'C_remember' $XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'B_remember' $XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'A_remember' $XCART_SESSION_NAME . 'P_remember'   Allow to restore the user's context (store codes that allow X-Cart to know where to redirect the user after log-in, store some parameters for wishlist and special offers bonuses pages) adv_campaignid adv_campaignid_time   Remember the user's membership in an affiliate program (if any) mailchimp_campaignid mailchimp_landing_site   Stores MailChimp campaign ID and landing site partner_clickid partner partner_time   Allow collection of statistics on the user's purchases GreetingCookie Remembers the user's name for the greeting message store_language Remembers the user's language preferences RefererCookie Stores the URL of the site from which the user came to the store 7. AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site. 8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you. 9. COLLECTION OF DATA
This site does not sell or rent personally identifying information. This site does not disclose personally identifying information to anyone that is not authorized to do so. This site uses anonymous user data to create and report the browsing, purchasing and/or lead form completion activities of anonymous users.
This site reserves the right to release information on Internet Users if compelled to do so by proper judicial or governmental authorities. Disclosure shall be limited to only those we are compelled to disclose to. At present, all information processing occurs in the United States.
This Site uses cookies to keep track of session IDs. A cookie is a small piece of information stored by a web server on your computer's hard drive. Any cookie in use by our server is temporary and will be removed when the user logs out or is timed-out by the server. Additionally, we record IP addresses to analyze trends and administer the site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider when you connect to the Internet. IP addresses are NOT linked to any personally identifiable information. We reserve the right to also place or use tags, pixels, SDKs and other tracking technologies in connection with our marketing, behavioral advertising and mailing practices. By visiting this website, trusted third parties or their service providers, may place tracking technologies on your browsers, data may be collected for targeted advertising, and data collected may be shared with or used by third parties to target advertising based on your online or mobile activity. 10. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Data Protection Officer at smiles@djinkers.com.
Shop For Smiles
Sales and Featured Products
NEW Products
Cute Clip Art Downloads
DJ Fonts
Printables, Crafts and Activities
Teacher Clip Art, Fonts and Smiles for School
Collections
Categories
BEST Sellers
FREEBIES!
Commercial Licenses and Custom Projects