http://www.agacorrea.com/privacy/
800-341-0788Mon-Fri, 9am - 5pm ET
Home
Jewelry by Design
1.4.3 (a.k.a. I Love You) (14)
Anchor Chain (27)
Anchors (20)
Birds (41)
Blocks (5)
Bowline (20)
Center of Affection (6)
Center of Effort (26)
Clinometers (7)
Compass (5)
Correa/Chart Metal Collaboration (9)
Covestripes (8)
Crescent Moon (6)
Deck Prism (3)
Diamond Constellations / Astrological Signs (83)
Diamond Rings / Bracelets / Earrings (23)
Elephant Hair (4)
Enamel Jewelry (19)
Herreshoff (7)
Fish Float Sphere (5)
Hinckley (10)
Horse (5)
Houdini (5)
Knots (40)
Lighthouse (8)
Marine Life (59)
Miscellaneous (50)
Monkey's Fist (23)
Pelican Hook (5)
Port & Starboard / Steaming Light (6)
Prolong Knot (6)
Propeller (22)
Rope (43)
Sailboat Oriented (35)
Sailboats (25)
Sextants (11)
Shackles (16)
Sporting Items (37)
Star (24)
Turk's-head (42)
Digital Catalog
Jewelry by Category
Baby Gear (3)
Barrettes (3)
Belt Buckle (3)
Bracelets (67)
Cuff Links / Dress Stud Sets (29)
Cuff Links (25)
Dress Studs (13)
Earrings (118)
Headband (1)
Key Rings (7)
Money Clips (3)
Necklaces (52)
Other (19)
Pendants (201)
Pins (192)
Rings (17)
Tie Bars (36)
Tie Tacks (20)
Watches (1)
Digital Catalog
New Designs
Design Index
About Us
Customer Experiences
Andy Correa - President
Tony Correa - Retired
50th Anniversary
A.G.A. Correa & Son
Our Showroom
Contact Us
Trophy Site
Digital Catalog
FAQs
Customer Experiences
Contact Us
FREE 2-DAY U.S.A. SHIPPING & INSURANCE
At A.G.A. Correa & Son, we respect every individual's right to privacy, and we are committed to protecting your right to privacy.
We extend the following pledge to you:
When you place an order at agacorrea.com, we protect our customer information through top-of-the-line secure server software, a.k.a. Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
This technology encrypts all the information (starting at step 1 of the ordering process) you enter before it's sent to us, creating a completely secure transaction, even more secure than a transaction via a telephone line.
You will be able to tell if you are visiting a secure area within our website by looking at the symbol on the bottom of your browser screen.
Whenever the SSL is activated (from step one of the ordering process on) you will see either a lock or a key (depending on your browser).
When the symbol appears unbroken or the padlock is in the locked position, your connection is happening through our completely secure server.
If you do place an order, we will collect your name, address, email address, telephone number, and credit card information; however, this data is strictly for OUR use only.
We do not sell any information pertaining to our customers, A.G.A. Correa & Son is the only company authorized to use the information.
We will not sell personal information to anyone.
Once we have collected your email address, we do reserve the right to email you regarding important information pertaining to our website.
We believe this email will inform you about changes to agacorrea.com that will enhance your experience at our website.
We do not use cookies.
A cookie, in Internet terms, is basically a mechanism which allows a website to record where you've clicked, usually without your knowledge or consent.
Often, these cookies not only tell where you've clicked on a particular website, but where you've clicked all over the Internet.
We believe this is an invasion of your privacy, and A.G.A. Correa & Son does not use this technology.
The only data collection that we use at agacorrea.com is through our customer's IP address in the form of a log file.
The data is used to help diagnose the problems and performance of our servers, and to administrate our website.
Customer's IP addresses are also used to gather broad demographic information.
An example of this would be the distribution of our 'total monthly page views' or our site's 'total number of visitors.'
This information helps A.G.A. Correa & Son to enhance the customer's use of our services, and is never used in connection with a customer's personal information, nor is it linked to or combined with any personal information that has been collected elsewhere.
Information from our log files is non-personal and is only used in aggregate.
If you have any questions regarding privacy issues at agacorrea.com, please feel free to contact us via email at customerservice@agacorrea.com anytime, or call 800-341-0788 Monday through Friday from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m, Eastern Standard Time.
N.B.-- We do not allow advertising on our website.
We strongly believe that you should be able to explore our site without being swamped with advertising that slows downloading time and ruins the aesthetic quality of agacorrea.com.