http://www.woodline.com/pages/privacy-policy
|
Account
Login
Register
My Cart
(0)
Login
Register
Search
main
Router Bits
Straight Bits
Spiral Router Bits
Dado Router Bits
Planer Router Bits
Mortising Router Bits
Trimming
Flush
Laminate
Plunging Panel
Pattern
Edge & Plunging
Roundover & Beading
Cove
Bullnose
Core Box
Chamfer
Ball
V Groove & Lettering
Bowl & Tray
Joinery
Dovetail
Tongue & Groove
Rabbeting
Slot Cutting
Box/Finger Joints
Lock Miter
Birdmouth
Molding
Edge Molding
Plunging Molding
Architectural Molding
Cabinetry
Cabinetry Sets
Rail & Stile
Raised Panel
Door Lip
Window
Specialty
Plastic Cutting
Metal Cutting
Solid Surface
Router Bit Sets & Accessories
CNC Router Bits
Shaper Cutters
General Purpose Shaper Cutters
Tongue & Groove Shaper Cutters
Molding Shaper Cutters
Cabinetry Shaper Cutters
Indexable Shaper Cutters
Saw Blades
Table Saw
By Use
Bandsaw
By Size
Dado Sets
Scroll Saw
Hole Saw
Jigsaw
Saw Blade
Reciprocating
Boring Tools
Forstner Bits
Mortising Bits
Plug Cutters
Countersinks
Brad Points
Vix Bits
In-Line Boring Bits
Hinge Boring
Rosette Cutters
Accessories
Arch Panel Templates
Hand Tools
HDPE Slick Sheets
Bandsaw Accessories
Inlay Templates
Multi Tool Cutters
Bearings & Spare Parts
MuscleChuck™
Planer & Jointer Knives
Bowl & Tray Templates
SAFETY
T-track & knobs
CDs & DVDs
TrueTrac
Clamps
DadoRight
Route-R-Joint™ Precision Dovetail System
Spacer Fence Box Joint System
Wood Gear Clock
Turning Tools & Access.
Power Tools
Woodline USA Privacy PolicyWoodline USA knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Woodline USA, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Woodline USA Gather?The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Woodline USA. We do not sell or trade you information with other entities. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses woodline.com.
What Are Cookies?Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as Wish List, and storage of items in your Shopping Cart.
How Secure Is Information About Me?We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Comodo Secure Certificate 128-bit SSL Encryption, which encrypts information you input. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?Woodline USA gives you access to the following information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. This list will change as our website evolves.- Order tracking- Modify user data
ChildrenWoodline USA does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Woodline USA only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Automatic InformationExamples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; and purchase history.
Correspondence Confidentiality Statement:
Any transmission is confidential and intended solely for the party to whom it is addressed. If the reader of an email is not the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that it may contain privileged, confidential and trade secret information, and that any dissemination, distribution, copying or use of the information in the transmission is strictly prohibited. If you have received a transmission in error, please immediately notify the sender at the email address provided, and delete all copies of it from your computer.
Featured Products
New Products
Best Sellers
DadoRight™ for Festool™ Systems
$69.95
AMAX HIGH PRODUCTION STRAIGHT PLUNGE ROUTER BITS, 1/2" Shank
From
$18.30
CORNER ROUNDING 3D BITS
From
$97.15
BISCUIT PLATE JOINER
From
$12.00
WL 2010 ESSENTIALS ROUTER BIT SET 30pc
$109.00
PATTERN ROUTER BITS 1/2" SHANK
From
$21.00
SUPER JOINT ROUTER BIT SET
$89.00
FLUSH TRIM 2 FLUTE ROUTER BITS 1/2" SHANK
From
$10.75
Router Bits
Straight Bits
Trimming
Edge & Plunging
Joinery
Molding
Cabinetry
Specialty
Router Bit Sets & Accessories
CNC Router Bits
Accesories
Arch Panel Templates
Hand Tools
HDPE Slick Sheets
Bandsaw Accessories
Inlay Templates
Multi Tool Cutters
Bearings & Spare Parts
MuscleChuck™
Planer & Jointer Knives
Bowl & Tray Templates
SAFETY
T-track & knobs
CDs & DVDs
TrueTrac
Clamps
saw blades
Table Saw
Bandsaw
Dado Sets
Scroll Saw
Hole Saw
Jigsaw
Saw Blade
Reciprocating
Shaper Cutters
General Purpose Shaper Cutters
Tongue & Groove Shaper Cutters
Molding Shaper Cutters
Cabinetry Shaper Cutters
Indexable Shaper Cutters
Woodline manufactures and sells only quality carbide tipped and solid carbide router bits and shaper cutters for woodworking backed by a LIFETIME WARRANTY.
We also carry products manufactured by Amana Tool & CMT.
Need a gift idea for your favorite woodworker?
Gift Cards from Woodline are perfect!
GET OUR LATEST CATALOG:
Liquid error: Could not find asset snippets/.liquid
>
>
“I'm not an easy go when it comes to compliments.
It's one of those things that needs to be earned.
You guys have done just that.
Good product, great price, quick turnaround.
What else is there?
My compliment to you is well deserved! Thank You!"
-AS, ID
“I'm not sure a poor review is possible with this organization--phenomenal products at outstanding prices and a down to earth, intelligent staff (at least the ones I've talked to). These folks do quality custom bits as well if anyone is looking for either "unique" or to duplicate something else out of the norm. There really isn't any reason to shop elsewhere--let us do our part to keep these guys cutting and selling bits!"
-Michael G, VA
“I lost your catalog and bought a bit from someone else -- It broke in a few minutes.
I learned my lesson and will hereafter buy all my bits from Woodline."
-DD, VT woodworker
“I have almost every router bit Woodline makes. For my shop there are no better router bits."
-Tom L, hobbyist, Orange, CA
“Your level of service and the prompt delivery are absolutely fabulous!! Thank you!"
-Mike B, OH
“Thank you very much for such fantastic service. I have never experienced such courteous and prompt service from any company before. I appreciate you and I will make sure to tell my friends and family to consider you folks when buying."
-S.M., MA
“THANK YOU!!!! A big thank you for your quick service on the bearing shims you sent me. This is why I have Woodline bits.
You can't ask for better tools nor better service. Thank you again for this unexpectedly fine service."
-Jim, ME
“Package received, but I just wanted to thank you again for the exceptional communication and assistance. In today's world there is a lot of talk about service, but very few deliver as you have.
Job well done, and a happy customer for life."
-Aaron, BC
Stay up to date with news and promotions by
signing up for our newsletter.
{ Click here for newsletter form}
Welcome to Woodline. At Woodline we specialize in carbide router bits and shaper cutters that are premium quality and a great value.
Woodline offers a LIMITED LIFETIME WARRANTY on router bits and shaper cutters. Of course some limitations like hitting nails or dropping them apply but ours is the best warranty and customer service policy in the business.
Contact Us
Call Us 1-800-472-6950
email sales@woodline.com
Get Connected
Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/woodlineusa/
Quick Links
Your Account
Order Status/History
Shipping Policy
International Shipping
Return Policy
CA Prop 65
Quick Links
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Security Policy
About Us
Warranty Policy
Copyright © Woodline USA | All Rights Reserved
american express
apple pay
diners club
discover
elo
google pay
jcb
master
paypal
shopify pay
venmo
visa