https://www.flowershopnetwork.com/pages/policies.php
Flower Shop Network
Home
Shop Flowers
Bloomin' Blog
Find Florists
Contact FSN
Florists Only!
About FSN
Home
Shop Flowers
Bloomin' Blog
Find Florists
About FSN
Contact FSN
Florists Only!
Find Your Local Florist:
Near (city, state or zip)
Home
Shop Flowers
Bloomin' Blog
Find Florists
About FSN
Contact FSN
Florists Only!
Flower Shop Network's Privacy Policy
The following is the privacy policy regarding Flower Shop Network, Inc.
The Collection and Use of Information
Flower Shop Network collects information from you under the following two circumstances:
Information Collected Automatically - Some information is collected from you automatically when you view Flower Shop Network pages and download information. This may include your Internet Protocol address assigned by your Internet Service Provider, domain name and the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed Flower Shop Network's site, the pages you requested and visited, and the site you linked from to reach Flower Shop Network. Flower Shop Network uses this type of information to statistically measure site traffic and to improve the web site. The information is not reviewed on an individual basis but is aggregated with other users for comparison purposes.
Information Voluntarily Submitted - Additional information may be collected from you if you opt-in or voluntarily provide it in order to fulfill a request for on-line services.
Flower Shop Network uses the information you voluntarily provide to tailor our site to your needs and preferences and to provide the on-line services you are requesting. The type of information we collect will vary with the service being sought and may include your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. If you simply wish to view pages on Flower Shop Network's site, or conduct transactions, you do not need to personalize the site by registering for an account.
Cookies
Flower Shop Network does not utilize cookies at this time. This, however, does not mean that Flower Shop Network will not use cookies in the future. If changes to our cookie policy are made this page will be updated to reflect the changes.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Flower Shop Network will only send personal information about you to others when:
we have your consent to share the information
we need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Flower Shop Network may amend this policy from time to time. Flower Shop Network will prominently display on this website any substantial change in the way we use your personal information.
Find Flowers
Birthday Flowers
Anniversary Flowers
Rose Arrangements
Flowers Just Because
Funeral Flowers
Get Well Flowers
House Plants
Learn & Explore
Bloomin' Blog
Fresh Flower Care
Card Messages
House Plant Care
Ask the Plant Expert
Share Your Story
Flower Dictionary
Floral Holidays
Wedding Flower Pictures
For the Florists
FSNf2f.com Login
Member Benefits
Websites
FSNf2f
Email Campaigns
Much, Much More!
More About Us
About Us
Our Experience
Contact Us
Careers @ FSN
Reviews
Link to FSN
En Espanol
Newsletter
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
We're Social
web17-at
Flower Shop Network is your source for finding a real local florist.
Find Your Local Florist