http://www.caboodlebags.co.uk/pages/terms-of-use
Search
Close menu
Home
All Bags
Backpack
Fun & Funky
Tote Bag
Classic
Travel Wallet
FAQ
About
Log in
Create account
Terms of Use
Introduction
The following terms and conditions describe in a legal form, the relationship between CABOODLE BAGS and you, the visitor or registered user on our website (http://www.caboodlebags.co.uk ). It is important that you take a few moments to review these terms and conditions, as they contain important information regarding your use of our site.
We also maintain a Privacy Policy that describes how we value and care for the information you provide us, as well as a list of Frequently Asked Questions.
The following terms and conditions constitute a complete statement of agreement between “YOU”, the visitor or registered user on our website located at http://www.caboodlebags.co.uk and “us” CABOODLE BAGS. We, CABOODLE BAGS, retain the right to change the terms and conditions on this page at any time without providing you with written notice. We therefore recommend that you review this page periodically. If you continue to use our website, your use shall imply your acceptance of any modified terms or conditions.
You confirm that you are 18 years of age or, if you are under 18, you confirm that your access to our website is with the consent or supervision of a parent or guardian. The CABOODLE BAGS website is provided only for your personal and non-commercial use. We request that if you do not agree with terms and conditions you do not use our website. We reserve the right to terminate access in the event of breach (in our opinion) of the User Terms. Any reference to “we”, “us”, “our” or CABOODLE BAGS in the these terms and conditions should be interpreted as including our successors, assignees and licensees.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of our rights or provisions. Titles of sections in this page have no legal or contractual effect, they are provided for information only.
Questions and Complaints
Should you have any queries, complaints or questions about your use of our website, our products, or these terms and conditions, please do contact us. You may also find further information in our frequently asked questions or privacy policy page.
Copyright, Trademarks and Ownership
The contents of our website http://www.caboodlebags.co.uk including the text, images, audio, animations, trademarks, logos and other elements are owned by CABOODLE BAGS and are protected by relevant laws and and treaty provisions unless stated otherwise. No content found on this website may be copied, published, modified or reproduced, or distributed in any way without receiving our prior express written permission, except as we state below. We do not grant any implied or express right to you under any patents, copyrights or trademarks. Other rights may be granted to you by CABOODLE BAGS in writing or incorporated elsewhere in the Website.
You may print or download visible pages from our site for private and personal non-commercial use only. You may not reproduce any part of our website including, but not limited to, the structure, overall style and the program code.
Website Contents
OUR WEBSITE HTTP://WWW.CABOODLEBAGS.CO.UK IS DISTRIBUTED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS. WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND REGARDING THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENT. IN ADDITION, EXCEPT AS STATED WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. FURTHERMORE WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT OUR WEBSITE OR THE WEBSERVER THAT PROVIDES ACCESS TO IT ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER MALICIOUS CONTENT. ANY LIABILITY, HOWEVER IT OCCURS FOR ANY INACCURACIES OR ERRORS RELATING TO THIS WEBSITE IS EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
Our website is controlled from the United Kingdom and we make no representations that the materials and products described on our website are appropriate or available in other locations or jurisdictions. You are not permitted to use our website in breach of any laws or regulations of any local or national governments or agencies in any country or jurisdiction in which the content can be viewed or retrieved, or in breach of any international treaties or conventions or any community standards. You will not make any use of our website such that, in whole or in part the website is interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way or for the transmission or posting of any computer viruses or any material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene or menacing nature or in any such way that will cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or which constitutes a violation or infringement of the rights of any person, firm or organisation.
Off-Site Hyperlinks to Third Parties
Our website may contain hyperlinks to other websites not under our direct control and not maintained by us. We are not responsible or liable for such websites and we make no representation that the content of those websites is accurate or suitable for any particular audience. We provide these links for your convenience only. We do not monitor or endorse the material you may find on these other websites.
Any dealings between you and a third party including but not limited to any thrid party merchants accessed through our website and any terms, conditions, warranties or representations of such third parties, are solely between you and the relevant third party. We are not liable in any way, and you agree to indemnify us in the manner referred to in these terms and conditions in such dealings you undertake.
Our Exclusion of Liability/Indemnity
Neither CABOODLE BAGS nor any of its directors, employees or representatives shall be liable for any damages arising out of, or in connection with, the use of our website. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including, but not limited to compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties (but not including death or personal injury resulting from negligence on our part).
We do our best to provide uninterrupted access to our website, but we do not guarantee it and we accept no liability for any failure to do so. You agree to indemnify CABOODLE BAGS against all liabilities, claims and expenses that may arise from any breach by you of these terms and conditions or your use of our website. We reserve the right, at our own expense to assume the exclusive defence of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. You therefore agree to co-operate with our defence of such a claim.
Assignment and Termination
Apart from our ability to terminate our website or any services provided on our website or restrict your access to them with immediate effect for your breach of the letter or spirit of any of these terms and conditions or as otherwise set out on our website, without prejudice to any other accrued rights, CABOODLE BAGS may also terminate our website or the content or services it provides without prior notice to you where:
There is a regulatory or statutory change limiting CABOODLE BAGS’s ability to provide our website;
Any event beyond our reasonable control prevents us from continuing to provide our website (including without limitation, technical difficulties, disk space or network capacity problems and communications failures);
We consider at our sole discretion that you are abusing the provision of our website or the services provided herein or are otherwise acting in breach of our terms and conditions. Without prejudice to the foregoing, we reserve the right to remove any material on our website including, without limitation, any user name or email address that we believe is unsuitable.
We reserve the right to assign or subcontract any or all of our rights and obligations under these terms and conditions to a third party. If we so choose to exercise this right, we shall name the assignee on our website. You may not, without our prior consent in writing, assign or dispose of any rights or obligations arising under these terms and conditions.
Jurisdiction
The terms and conditions we set forth and your use of our website are subject to English Law. This shall exclusively govern legal interpretation, application and effect. The Courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with the content of these terms and conditions.
Severability
In the event that any of these terms or conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable in law, the remainder of the terms and conditions shall remain in force and valid.
Tweets by @caboodlebags