http://www.precision-camera.com/privacy/
Get the best deal around with our low-price promise! Learn More
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Precision Camera knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.precision-camera.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What personal information about customers does www.precision-camera.com gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at www.precision-camera.com.
Does www.precision-camera.com share the information it receives?
We DO NOT provide your information to anyone outside our company. We may from time to time send you an email regarding upcoming events on our website or in our store, and you have the right and ability to be removed from our email list. Instructions for unsubscribing to our email list are provided in every email that we send out.
How secure is information about me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Do not email your credit card information to us in unencrypted email. Use the secure shopping cart or call our Internet Sales department.
Email Policies
We will contact you by email for updates on your order status.  In addition, we may contact you after you receive your product to question you about your experience and/or to request a review.
We do not add people to our email marketing lists without express permission.  If you would like to receive our email newsletters, please subscribe to our newsletter.
×
OK
Notify Me
×
Notify me when
is in stock.
Full Name
Required
Email Address
Required
Phone Number
Product Name
Required
Close