http://www.underu.com/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Free UK Delivery:
Orders Over £50
NEW ARRIVALS
SALE - up to 50% off
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyYour Privacy and information collected UnderU.com is totally committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors, members and customers. The UnderU.com team are customers themselves of many other Internet sites, and fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet. We will never disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you - e.g. arranging for a product to be sent to you, carrying out credit and other security checks and for the purposes of customer research and profiling or where we have your express permission to do so. We ask for the following customer information at registration in order to fulfil our duty of customer care and service to you: Full Name, Email Address, Billing Address, and Telephone Number. Further, you can optionally provide additional information to help us better understand our customer needs, including: Title, Occupation, and Date of Birth. Your Consent We will not rent or sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or personal information to any third party (excluding partners from whom you may have linked to our site) without your permission. We do not store Credit card information nor do we share customers details with any 3rd parties.Communication & Marketing If you have made a purchase from our store we may occasionally update you on our latest products, news and special offers via e-mail, post & telephone. All UnderU members have the option to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us and/or selected third parties. If you do not wish to continue to receive marketing from us and/or selected third parties you should opt-out by updating your details within your ‘My Account’ section on UnderU.com. You can access your My Account once you register and login. Or click on the "unsubscribe" link in any email communications which we might send you.What are Cookies? A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer and is stored on your hard drive. If you have registered with us then your computer will store an identifying cookie which will save you time each time you re-visit UnderU.com.com, by remembering your email address for you. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent.Site Statistics We may disclose aggregate, anonymised statistics about the number of visitors to UnderU.com or number of purchases made as required by our investors. We use an independent measurement and research company to gather data regarding the visitors to UnderU.com on our behalf using cookies and code which is embedded in the site. Both the cookies and the embedded code provide statistical information about visits to pages on the site, the duration of individual page view, paths taken by visitors through the site, data on visitors' screen settings and other general information. UnderU.com uses and stores this type of information, as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site, to help it improve the services to its users.Disclosures of your information We may disclose your personal information to any of our group of companies. We may also disclose your personal information to third parties: in the event that UnderU.com sells or buys any business or assets; if UnderU.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data which we hold about our customers may be one of the transferred assets; or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of UnderU.com, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.Third party sites Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.Checking your Details If you wish to verify the details you have submitted to UnderU.com you may do so by contacting us via the e-mail address or address given below. Our security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we reveal information. This proof of identity will take the form of your e-mail address and password submitted upon registration. You must therefore keep this information safe as you will be responsible for any action which we take in response to a request from someone using your e-mail and password. We would strongly recommend that you do not use the browser's password memory function as that would permit other people using your terminal to access your personal information.Contacting us We are always pleased to hear from our customers (even if it is a complaint!). We are always grateful for any time you spend providing us with the knowledge we need to ensure our customers are completely satisfied - we want you to return to the site and to recommend us to your friends and family. If you have any questions or feedback about this statement, or if you would like us to stop processing your information, please do not hesitate to contact a customer service member of the UnderU.com team, who will be delighted to answer any questions you may have.You can contact us either via email: customerservices@under.comor via letter to:Customer ServicesUnderU.comUnit 8cHadham Industrial EstateLittle HadhamHerts, SG11 2DYUKor by calling us at: 01920 438 002Sunrise Online Retail Ltd t/a UnderU.com.com (at the address below) is the data controller for the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act). You have the right to access the information which Sunrise Online Retail Ltd t/a UnderU.com.com holds about you and your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.Statutory Company details UnderU.com is the trading name of SUNRISE ONLINE RETAIL LTD: Company Registered in England Nº 07684777
Top