https://www.murrayscheese.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Looking For HelpCustomer ServiceHow We ShipContact UsPrivacy PolicyFAQPrivacy PolicyLast Updated: July 1st, 2020Why We Collect Your InformationHow We Collect Your InformationHow We Share Your InformationHow We Protect Your InformationYour Rights and ChoicesProtecting your privacy. Improving your shopping experience. Your trust is very important to us.That’s why we aim to be clear and transparent about why we collect information, the information we collect, how we use that information, and the choices you have regarding our use of it. We can also collect, use and share aggregate or anonymous data that does not identify you.We collect that information to save you time and money, and to make your shopping experience better.The following principles guide us when doing business and provide the foundation of our privacy policy.We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting itWe are transparent about how and why we collect informationThe information we collect helps us provide value to our customers that include savings and enhancing their shopping experienceThe Privacy Policy was posted and is effective as of June 30, 2020. However, as our business, the law or customer needs evolve, we may update this Privacy Policy at any time. You can always view the current Privacy Policy by clicking on the Privacy Policy link at the bottom of Murray's Cheese website. By using our sites and services, you consent to this Privacy Policy. Our services are provided to U.S. customers, and this Privacy Policy is governed by U.S. legal requirements. If you access our services from outside the U.S., you agree to the application of U.S. law.We are also committed to ensuring that our communications are accessible to people with disabilities. To make accessibility-related requests, please contact us at 1-888-MY-CHEEZ (1-888-692-4339) Ext. 7.Why We Collect Your InformationBelow are examples of how data we collect, use, and share helps us create a better, safer experience in our stores and on our websites.To ImproveProviding products and services that enhancing your shopping experience with us, in-store and onlineDeveloping new products and services to meet your needsBetter understanding your use of our products, services and websitesDetermining your satisfaction with our programs and servicesHandling customer service casesAnalyzing the performance of our products, services, and retail experiences and looking for ways to make them betterTo CommunicateSending relevant information and personalized ads and other communications, including ways to save on items you buy most often or that you might like based on your past behaviorProviding personalized content and experiences on our websites, mobile apps and mailDisplaying personalized offers, information and ads from Murray's Cheese or our marketing partners (as defined in “How We Share Your Information") on other websites and mobile appsSending product recall notifications to help keep you and your family safeResponding to your comments, requests, questions, and applications for career opportunitiesTo ProtectProcessing payments securelyFulfilling orders correctlySafeguarding the property or other rights of our customers, associates and the companyLegal compliance for purchase of certain products or where otherwise required by lawLearn More About How We Use Information We Collect We use the categories of personal information described in “What Personal Information We Collect” to support the following use cases:To send marketing communications such as product discounts and personalized promotions and special offersProviding product or service functionality that you have requestedTo communicate with you about orders, purchases, returns, services, accounts, programs, contests and sweepstakesResponding to communications you send usAssisting you with customer service requests and inquiriesDevelopment and distribution of new products and services like mobile applications or grocery deliveryCompleting e-commerce transactionsDelivering advertisements and promotions to you after you have visited our website, used one of our mobile applications, or otherwise engaged with us onlineTargeting advertisements for Murray's Cheese products, services, promotions, and other business activities you may be interested inDeveloping statistics on engagement with our online properties and measuring how well our marketing and promotional activities performIdentifying and preventing fraud or identity theftMaintain appropriate records for internal administrative and other business purposesFacilitate the functionality of our websites and mobile applicationsProvide notice of product recallsAt times Murray's Cheese may provide third parties with certain personal information to provide or improve our products and services, including to deliver products at your request, or to help Murray's Cheese market to consumers. When we do, we require those third parties to handle it in accordance with relevant laws. Other purposes as described to you at the timeHow We Collect Your InformationWhat Personal Information We CollectHere are the categories of personal information we may collect from you or about you: All categories may not be collected about every individual.Unique Personal Identifiers that may include but are not limited to your legal name or preferred alias, online identifiers like user account names, state and federal government ID number (where required), and your signatureDemographic information like your level of education, type of employment, or other demographic information shared with us through third parties, such as social media or publicly available sourcesContact Information such as your email or postal address and phone numberFinancial and payment Information like your bank account, credit and debit card numbers and your credit historyBehavioral Information such as your purchase and transaction histories, geolocation data IP Address collected from your computers and mobile devices, and information about what you do online, including your interactions with our social media postsInferences we make about you like demographic interest segment that we believe are relevant to you and your household based on analysis of other information we have collectedVideo and CCTV recordings from inside our facilities for use in fraud investigations or other store operationsCall center recordings or monitoring records from our customer contact centersOther types of personal information that we may disclose to you prior to the point of first collectionThere is also some personal information that you voluntarily share with us. This includes information used to create an account on our websites. For example:Name, address, phone and emailPayment informationCommunication and shopping preferencesAn encrypted version of your passwordIf you are an employee or job applicant, we may collect additional information, including employment information, such as occupation, title, licenses, professional memberships and other information to perform basic employment and management functions, including distributing payroll and providing benefits. If you are applying for a job, we may collect contact information about you during the course of your application for employment such as contact information to correspond with you concerning potential employment opportunities and other information such as background information and your employment qualifications and history.Children's PrivacyOur websites are for a general audience and are not geared toward children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16 without prior consent of a parent or guardian. If you believe your child may have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please call 1-888-MY-CHEEZ (1-888-692-4339) Ext. 7. and we will remove it.Sources of Personal InformationWe collect some information when you visit our stores, websites or use our mobile apps, or when you use our online services or view our online advertisements. The information we may collect falls into three different main categories: (1) information you give us; (2) information we collect from you automatically; and (3) information we collect from other sources. These other sources may be service providers, data brokers, consumer research firms, publicly available sources, or other third parties with whom you interact or do business. For example, when you connect to one of our websites or mobile apps through a third party, we may collect information from their website. For example, if you choose to associate your social media identity with Murray's Cheese, the site may provide us with certain information from your social media account as permitted by your account settings.Associating Personal Information from Multiple SourcesWe may collect this information and link it to other information we already know about you. For example, when you use a gift card in store, we may associate your in-store shopping activity with your online activity when you engage with our website. Additionally, when you are logged in to our website, we may link the device IDs or types to your account to understand your online activity. This includes pages you visit on our websites, items you add to your online shopping list, coupons you download and redeem from us, and purchase information.Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other TechnologiesWhen you visit our websites, access our mobile apps or open one of our emails, we may automatically collect information about you using tracking technologies, including:Internet Protocol addressUnique device or user IDSystem and browser typeReferring website addressContent and pages you access on our websites or mobile appsDates, times and locations when actions take placeWe use this technology for system administration and troubleshooting, to identify you so we can enhance your online experience, and to deliver targeted advertising. Our sites do not respond to browser Do-Not-Track signals. These cookies are often collected by or otherwise shared with service providers as well as third party advertising partners, as described further in our About Advertising section below.Third-Party TechnologyWe use third-party technology to better understand your online behavior. By doing so, we can present relevant content online and send you relevant emails. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by others, including third parties whose services or sites may be linked to from our sites and services, or third party analytics or online tracking companies. We provide links to third-party websites in order to provide additional goods, services or information to our customers. Murray's Cheese is not responsible for information you provide directly to a third party. Any information or Murray's Cheese-specific information that you provide when accessing a third-party website is subject to that company’s privacy policy. If you register for or use such third-party websites, both Murray's Cheese and the third party may receive information collected through the use of the websites, as described in the privacy policies on those websites. As with all website owners, we also do not have access or control over the cookies placed on your computer by other websites you may visit. How We Share Your InformationWe share the information we collect within Murray's Cheese, our parent company, The Kroger Co., and also with our affiliates, service providers, marketing partners, and other third parties.We may share data with third parties for the following business purposes:Within Murray's Cheese and with our Affiliates: We may share your information within our company and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies for the purposes of decision making, reporting, management, analysis, administer programs, promote service offerings and other business purposes.Service Providers: We may share your information with our service providers who provide us support services such as hosting our websites, postal delivery and electronic mail, product and service delivery, conducting analysis to improve our products, websites and store experiences, fulfilling orders you place, manage payments and answer your questions. Service providers only use the information they receive from us for the purposes we hired them for, we don’t allow them to retain, use, or otherwise handle the data for their own purposes.Marketing Partners: We may share your information to display online, or other advertising based on your purchases, activity on websites, and preferences you share with us so we can provide you with promotions and special offers that may interest you. We may also share information with marketing partners to help us analyze data, sometimes combined with other sources, so that we can send more relevant communications to you.Third Party Sites and Services: We may share your information to develop and provide special services or offers that may interest you. When we share with third parties, we require those third parties to handle the information in accordance with relevant laws. We may also share your information in an aggregated way that does not directly identify you but can be used for statistical analysis and other business purposes. We may also share your information where you intentionally interact with a third party, such as where you click on a link to a third-party website, product or service from our websites, products, applications, or services. We may also help you establish your own direct relationship with another party. For example, if you order grocery delivery, and select a select a third party delivery service, you authorize Murray's Cheese to exchange the information you provide during the order process to carry out that service. In these cases, we may help you transfer some of your information needed for that service, just so you don’t need to manually retype it. In these cases, we will continue to comply with this privacy policy for the data we hold, but it is important for you to remember that you have established a separate relationship with that third party and will be subject to their privacy policies. Murray’s Cheese is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties.With Third Parties, including Governmental Authorities, for Lawful Purposes: We may share your information where we believe the disclosure is required by law, or otherwise necessary to comply with the law, regulatory requirements, requests from public authorities, or to enforce our agreements or policies, to protect the rights and property of our customers, the company, our partners or the public (including for fraud prevention purposes). Additionally, if Murray's Cheese or a business unit is sold to another company, we will maintain our current Privacy Policy until data is transferred to that new company and data is covered by their privacy policy.Purchase-Based AdvertisingWe may use your purchase history to help Murray’s Cheese and other third party brands present advertisements that are more relevant to you on our website and third-party websites, mobile apps and other digital media channels. We will not increase the number of ads you see, but instead will help deliver more personalized advertisements and offerings to you.Interest-Based AdvertisingInterest-based advertising (sometimes called “online behavioral advertising”) uses information collected from your online behavior across multiple websites that you visit, or across multiple devices you may use, in order to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you. In an effort to provide you with relevant content and offers that may be useful to you, we may partner with third-party companies to display content, offers or advertising that is tailored to your interests based on how you browse and shop online and in our stores. These third-party companies use information and technologies such as browser type, hardware or software information, cookies, session ID, time or date, click-stream information or static IP addresses. We may provide your personal information to third-party companies that display purchase-based or interest-based ads. In addition, others (advertisers and ad networks, ad serving companies, or other service providers) may infer user interests or purchase history based on interactions with, or clicks on, personalized ads or content. You can learn more about interest-based advertising, and navigate to options that will allow you to exercise your rights to opt-out of online behavioral advertising, by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s Learn More Page or the Digital Advertising Alliance.How We Protect Your InformationSecurityWe implement and maintain reasonable security practices and procedures appropriate to the nature of the information we maintain, including appropriate technical, administrative, and physical procedures to prevent loss, misuse or alteration of your information. For example, we use Transport Layer Security (TLS/SSL) to encrypt certain sensitive personal information we exchange with you. That way, access to data is limited through the use of technological safeguards. We also comply with payment card industry data security standards for the processing of credit and debit card transactions. Only Associates who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to our customers’ data. Associates who violate customer privacy safeguards are subject to disciplinary action, including termination.It is your responsibility to select a strong password, not reuse or share your password, and alert us if you have any concerns about unauthorized use of your account. We encourage you to use complex passwords and to change them regularly. Retention and Deletion of Personal InformationWe store personal information we’ve collected from or about you:Where you have created an account on our website; andAs long as required by law or as needed to enable us to exercise our rights and perform our obligations under our applicable terms of service, including this privacy notice; andLong enough to enable us to contact you with recalls and other safety related information that relates to products you have bought from usYour Communications Preferences, Privacy Rights and ChoicesWe value our relationship with you, and communications are an important part of that relationship.We understand that our customers are individuals, and communications preferences will vary by customer. That is why we offer you the ability to manage what types of communications you receive from us, and the ability to manage or change your preferences. Here’s how you can do so:Email, Mobile, and Online CommunicationsIf you have an online account with Murray's Cheese, you can manage your subscriptions to email, mobile and online communications programs, such as our Direct Mailings and Promotions emails, by calling our Customer Service department at 1-888-MY-CHEEZ (1-888-692-4339) Ext. 7 or by e-mailing us at info@murrayscheese.com.Purchase-Based AdvertisingIf you would prefer that your purchase history not be used to personalize advertising you already receive online, on mobile devices or in other digital channels, you can choose and manage your preferencesby calling our Customer Service department at 1-888-MY-CHEEZ (1-888-692-4339) Ext. 7 or by e-mailing us at info@murrayscheese.com or contact us through the methods described in this privacy notice. Please allow a reasonable amount of time for any changes to your settings to take effect.Interest-Based AdvertisingYou can control your exposure to most interest-based advertising through the Digital Advertising Alliance, a group that has developed self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising. Visit YourAdChoices.com for more information. In addition, some websites (such as Facebook) offer the ability to opt out of interest-based advertising directly on their sites. Please allow a reasonable amount of time for any changes to take effect.Your Rights and ChoicesNevada Privacy RightsIf you live in Nevada, you can opt out of the sale of your personal information by contacting us. Our customer contact center personnel will take your request and keep you up to date on the progress of your request.California Privacy RightsCalifornia defines personal information as information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.If you live in California, you have some additional rights with respect to certain Personal Information we collect about you. This includes:Learn about the categories of personal information we have collected from or about you in the past 12 monthsGet a copy of personal information that we have collected from or about you no more than twice every 12 monthsLearn about the kinds of third parties with whom we may have shared personal information Learn about the categories of third parties we may have sold your personal information toRequest that your Personal Information be removed from our systemsOpt out from our sales of personal informationLodge complaints about the way we handle your personal informationNot be discriminated against for exercising your rights under this Privacy PolicyYou can make requests to receive copies of Personal Information and to have Personal Information deleted on behalf of members of your household by submitting requests on their behalf along with written authorization from each member of your household.You can also submit requests through an agent (like a membership organization you belong to, your attorney, or someone else you trust) that you have authorized in writing to act on your behalf. To do so you’ll need to either execute a power of attorney with them to act on your behalf or give your agent your written authorization to do so.Either way, we will need to verify your identity if you want copies of your Personal Information, to know about what categories of Personal Information we collect and sell, or have your Personal Information deleted. We will ask you to provide several data points like name, and address to match against the information we have in our systems. We have this process so we can verify the identity of the consumer making the request to a reasonable degree of certainty as detailed in the California Consumer Privacy Act. We want to be sure that we are returning potentially sensitive information about you or the things that you buy in our stores only to you or your agent, authorized to receive it. If we cannot verify your identity, we will have to reject your request. Otherwise, we will notify you when your request has been completed. In accordance with the CCPA regulations, we will not disclose certain sensitive information in response to a request for access to specific pieces of personal information, including Social Security number, driver’s license number or other government- issued identification number, financial account number, any health insurance or medical identification numbers, account passwords, or unique biometric data. If you’re making requests on behalf of your household, we will also need to verify the identities of each member of your household.In order to exercise these rights, contact us through one of the methods described in “Contacting Our Privacy Program” below. Requests are generally free of charge, and we will generally process your request within 45 days unless we have a specific reason for an extension of time. If for any reason we cannot fulfil your request in whole or in part, we will also let you know.Sales of Personal InformationMurray’s is committed to delivering great products, great experiences, and great value. From time to time, we leverage your information which may include personal identifiers, demographic information, behavioral information, or inferences to understand the most relevant product recommendations and deliver marketing messages and personalized offers. Under California law, some of these efforts may be considered a “sale” of personal information to those analytics and advertising partners that help us match your interests with brands who want to send promotions that we believe save you money on products you buy frequently, and help you discover new products that you might like. When we work with these companies, your privacy, data integrity and security remain a priority. Our normal practice is to have contractual limits on their future use of your personal information and only provide the minimum data necessary to accomplish the personalization task and deliver a better experience and value to you as our customer. We also facilitate your right to opt out of this data sharing. When requesting to opt out of this type of data sharing, we will need to verify your identity so we will ask you to provide several data points like name, and address to match against the information we have in our systems. We will never ask for sensitive information such as passwords, social security numbers, bank account information, or other personal information. We have this process so we can verify the identity of the consumer making the request to a reasonable degree of certainty as detailed in the California Consumer Privacy Act. If we cannot verify your identity, we will have to reject your request. Otherwise, we will notify you when your request has been completed. In order to exercise the right to opt out of sale contact us through one of the methods described in “Contacting Our Privacy Program” section below or click on the Do Not Sell My Info link. Contacting Our Privacy ProgramOur customer contact centers are ready to take your requests. If you have any questions, privacy requests, or complaints about how we collect, use, share, or otherwise handle your personal information you can contact our Customer Service department at 1-888-MY-CHEEZ (1-888-692-4339) Ext. 7 or by e-mailing us at info@murrayscheese.com. to exercise your privacy rights.