https://www.badgesoftheworld.com/information/privacy-policy
Home
Wish List (0)
Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Your shopping cart is empty!
British Military
Arm Badges
British Military Buttons
British Military Cap Badges
British Military Collar Badges
British Military Shoulder Titles
Plastic Badges
Trade Badges
British Military Cloth Badges
Miscellaneous
Foreign Military
Foreign Military Buttons
Foreign Military Cap & Breast Badges
Foreign Military Cloth Badges
Foreign Military Collar Badges
Foreign Military Shoulder Titles
Miscellaneous
British Police
British Police Buttons
British Police Cap Badges
British Police Cloth Badges
British Police Collar Badges
British Police Helmet Badges
British Police Shoulder Titles
Miscellaneous
Foreign Police
Foreign Police Buttons
Foreign Police Canada
Foreign Police Cloth Badges
Foreign Police Collar Badges
Foreign Police Hat Badges
Foreign Police Shoulder Titles
Foreign Police USA
Miscellaneous
Medical & Nursing
Aviation
Others
Antiques
Badges
Books & Documents
Buttons
Can You Identify?
Fire Brigade
Masonic
Medals
Naval
Privacy Policy
When you place an order, or use any online form on our website we need to know your name and other information such as your postal address, e-mail address, telephone number etc. Our website is secure and is hosted on SSLsecure domains (starting with https://) we also use secure platforms such as www.Stripe.com and www.PayPal.co.uk to process online payments. We do not store credit card, debit card or bank account details etc. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 (GDPR). By submitting this information you consent to the use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time.
We gather this information to allow us to process your request. The relevant information is then used by us, our agents and sub-contractors to provide you with the service you have requested and to communicate with you on any matter relating to the provision of the service in general. For example, 'agents and sub-contractors' might include a computer developer who is working on our website, or postal and courier companies which deliver the items which you order.
Please note that any personal information you provide to us will only be used for business purposes by Badgesoftheworld.com and will not otherwise be supplied to third parties without first obtaining your consent. The only time we may do so is if we are obliged by UK governing law to disclose information to law enforcement agencies as required.
We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purpose of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop the website and our service, and may provide such aggregate information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual.
If you have subscribed to our newsletter, we have kept your details. You may unsubscribe to this service by contacting us at any time.
Cookies
When you visit most, if not all, websites (including Badgesoftheworld.com), the web pages which you see, along with something called a 'Cookie', are downloaded to your computer. This is because Cookies allow the web site to do useful things like find ing out whether your computer (and probably you its user) has visited the web site before and re-use any preferences set during previous visits. Any information that is supplied by Cookies can help us to provide you with a better service.
A Cookie is a small text file stored on your computer. The Cookie set by our website can only be read by our website and will not expose you to any security risks. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used: this is perfectly safe and doesn't affect the performance of your computer in any way. It does mean that if you're using the same computer we can potentially recognise you when you re-visit our web site. We will keep your details for as long as we need to, particularly for future orders. The details that we hold are, Name and address, telephone number, email address, IP address, and order details.
Continue
Do you have a question? Call Cedric on 01827 874856