https://www.wescoperformance.com/privacypolicy.html
Privacy PolicyThis site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo! uses this information.Your privacy and the security of your information is of primary concern to us at Wesco Performance, Inc. Unlike many other companies, we will not give or sell your individual information to any outside company for its use in marketing or solicitation. We will maintain the confidentiality of your personal information and it will be used only to support your customer relationship with Wesco Performance, Inc.This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how our visitors use this site. Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are small text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. Note the emphasis of anonymous, as no personally identifiable information is collected about you unless you explicitly submit that information on this website.This anonymous information generated by Google Analytics cookies about your use of this website, is transmitted to Google…not us. This information is processed to compile statistical reports on website activity for this website only. We use these reports to evaluate aggregate visitor usage so that we can improve our website by optimizing the content and its marketing and to improve your experience on our website.We are now utilizing demographic reports in Google Analytics. This means 3rd-party cookies are set, instead of the default Google Analytics 1st-party cookie. All information is still anonymous, but a 3rd-party means that your anonymous information is shared with other websites with which Google has an advertising relationship.When Personal Information is Submitted:We do not link, or seek to link, any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information. If you have made a purchase online and/or registered during checkout, your personal info is collected only to verify your credit card and your email address is used to send you a confirmation email when you make a purchase and later to update you with the status of your order including your shipping tracking number. If you register with us, your information is also utilized so that you can easily log-in to our website to check the status of your order, view past orders and quickly re-order products previously purchased. Very occasionally we might email you to let you know about an important announcement regarding our website. If you wish for your email or other info to be removed from this site, simply contact us at wesco@wescoperformance.com and we will do this at the earliest opportunity.Further InformationFor further information about how Google Analytics uses cookies and IP address data, see: Google Privacy Overview. If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by following this link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .