https://www.diestodiefor.com/privacy.php
Welcome to Dies to Die For
home | store |
login | order status | checkout | logout
Menu
Home
Store
Cart
Events
Contact
About
Search
Shopping Cart
Shop
Browse whole store
Brand New this month
Shop by Brand
Shop by Product
December Offers
Clearance Sale
Your Cart
Shopping cart
0 Product(s) in cart
Discounts £0.00
Total £0.00
» Checkout
Your Account
Your Account
Login to your Account
Logout of your Account
Quick links
Gift certificates
Events
About us
General help
Privacy
policy
Contact us
Dies to Die for Limited
(“Dies to Die for”) are committed to complying with the General Data
Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act 2018, once enacted.
Looking after the personal information you share with us is very
important, and we want you to be confident that your personal data is
kept safely and securely and to understand how we use it to offer you a
better and more personalised shopping experience.
We have published this
notice to help you understand
·
how and why Dies to Die for collect information from you;
·
who we share your information with, why and on what basis;and
·
what your rights are.
If we make changes to
this notice we will notify you by updating it on our website. Dies to
Die for will be what is known as the ‘Data Controller’ of the personal
data you provide to us, and we will sometimes refer to ourselves in this
notice as “we” or “us”. By Data Controller, this means Dies to Die for
determines the purposes and way in which any personal data are, or will
be, processed.
Should you need to contact us please write to:
Tracy Kendall, Dies to Die for Limited, 2 Faraday Road, West Molesey,
Surrey, KT8 2TQor via
tracy@diestodiefor.com  quoting Security and
Privacy Enquiry.
This privacy notice was
last updated on 14th May 2018.
What information we collect when you register and why?
When you buy goods from
us, you are entering into a contract with us. You may set up a Dies to
Die for Account before ordering from us, so we can set this up we will
ask you to provide some personal information such as;
·
full name
·
address
·
contact numbers, and
·
email address.
Please note, as a
customer of Dies to Die for, we do not collect or store your credit card
or bank account details on any of our systems.
How do we use your information?
Data Protection says
that we are allowed to use and share your personal data only where we
have a proper reason to do so. The law says we must have one or more of
these reasons and these are:
·
Contract - your personal information is processed in order to fulfil a
contractual arrangement
·
Consent – where you agree to us using your information in this way
·
Legitimate Interests - this means the interests of Dies to Die for in
managing our business to allow us to provide you with the best products
and service in the most secure and appropriate way e.g. to transfer your
data to certain Third Party’s such as delivery partners.
·
Legal Obligation – where there is statutory or other legal requirement
to share the information e.g. when we have to share your information for
law enforcement purposes.
Here is a list of the
ways that we may use your personal information, and which of the reasons
described above we rely on to do so. Where we list legitimate interests
as a reason, we also describe below what we believe these legitimate
interests are.
What We Use Your Personal Information For
Our Reasons (Legal Basis)
Our Explanation Of Dies to Die for’s Legitimate
Interests
Set up your Dies to Die for account
• Legitimate interest
Process efficiency in dealing with such activity.
Process your orders
• Fulfilling a contract
N/A
Notify you of your order status.
• Legitimate interests
Process efficiency in dealing with such activity, and to make
improvements to our services.
Manage your account/ provide customer services to you.
• Legal obligation/ Legitimate interests (depending on nature of
services)
Keeping our records up to date, handling our customer contact
efficiently and effectively, working out which of our products
and services may interest you and telling you about them.
Undertake website personalisation and administration.
• Legitimate interests
Developing products,services, applications and designs that
attract and retain customers. Improving customer interaction
with our sites. Defining types of customers for new products or
services
Marketing communications to inform you of special offers,
promotions, new lines and Sales. Provide you with online
advertising.
• Legitimate interests
Developing products, services, applications and designs that
attract and retain customers. Improving customer interaction
with our sites.
Notifying you about enhancements to our services, such as
changes to the website and new services that may be of interest
to you.
• Legitimate interests
Developing products, services, applications and designs that
attract and retain customers. Improving customer interaction
with our sites.
Contact you to undertake customer satisfaction surveys, invite
you to provide product reviews or for market research.
• Legitimate interests
Developing products, services, applications and designs that
attract and retain customers. Improving customer interaction
with our sites.
Maintaining network and data security
• Legitimate interests
To maintain the security of our network this in turns helps us
to maintain the safety and confidentiality of your information.
Logistics planning, demand forecasting, management information
and research
• Legitimate interests
We use information about shopping habits, products bought and
volumes, to help us to respond to demand, ensure the right
products get to the right areas and to help us plan our ranges.
Who we share your information with and why
Dies to Die for works with a number of trusted
suppliers, agencies and businesses in order to provide you the high
quality goods and services you expect from us.
Some examples of the categories of third parties with whom we
share your data are:
Supplier Partners Dies to Die for works with a
number of trusted partners who supply products and services on our
behalf. All partners are subject to thorough security checks and will
only hold the minimum amount of personal information needed in order to
fulfil the orders you place or provide a service on our behalf.
Delivery Partners
In order for you to receive your
goods, Dies to Die for works with a number of delivery partners. Again,
we only pass limited information to them in order to ensure delivery of
your items.
IT Companies
Dies to Die for works with business who
support our website and other business systems.
Marketing Companies
We work with marketing companies
who help us manage our electronic communications with you or carry out
surveys and product reviews on our behalf.
Payment processing
Dies to Die for works with trusted
third party payment processing providers in order to securely take and
manage payments.
Your Rights
Your personal data is protected by legal
rights, which include your rights to object to our processing of your
personal data; request that your personal data is erased or corrected;
request access to your personal data. For more information or to
exercise your data protection rights, please contact us using the
contact details above. You also have a right to complain to the
Information Commissioner’s Office, which regulates the processing of
personal data.
Keeping in touch with you
We want to keep you up to date with information
about new ranges, special offers and improvements to our website. When
you set your account up, we will ask you if you want to receive this
type of marketing information.
Dies to Die for will not share your information with
companies outside of Dies to Die for Ltd for their marketing purposes.
If you decide you do not want to receive this marketing information
you can request that we stop by writing to the Tracy Kendall at the
address provided above, emailing
tracy@diestodiefor.com or calling 0208 224
9101 or the unsubscribe link within the email. You may continue
to receive mailings for a short period while your request is dealt with.
How long we keep your information
If we collect your
personal information, the length of time we retain it is determined by a
number of factors including the purpose for which we use that
information and our obligations under other laws.
We may need your personal information to establish,
bring or defend legal claims. For this purpose, we will always retain
your personal information for 7 years after the date it is no longer
needed by us for any of the purposes listed under How we use your
information above. The only exceptions to this are where:
·
the law requires us to hold your personal information for a longer
period, or delete it sooner;
·
you exercise your right to have the information erased (where it
applies) and we do not need to hold it in connection with any of the
reasons permitted or required under the law;
·
we bring or defend a legal claim or other proceedings during the period
we retain your personal information, in which case we will retain your
personal information until those proceedings have concluded and no
further appeals are possible; or
·
in limited cases, existing or future law or a court or regulator
requires us to keep your personal information for a longer or shorter
period.
What
are your rights
You are entitled to request the following from Dies
to Die for, these are called your Data Subject Rights and there is more
information on these on the Information Commissioners website www.ico.org.uk
·
Right of access –to request access to your personal information and
information about how we process it
·
Right to rectification –to have your personal information corrected if
it is inaccurate and to have incomplete personal information completed
·
Right to erasure (also known as the Right to be Forgotten) – to have
your personal information erased. Contact Tracy Kendall - 0208 224 9101
·
Right to restriction of processing – to restrict processing of your
personal information
·
Right to data portability - to electronically move, copy or transfer
your personal information in a standard form
·
Right to object - to object to processing of your personal information
·
Rights with regards to automated individual decision making, including
profiling –rights relating to automated decision making, including
profiling
If you have any general questions about
your rights or want to exercise your rights please contact
tracy@diestodiefor.com
You have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection
regulator in Europe, in particular in a country you work or live or
where your legal rights have been infringed.  The contact details
for the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the data protection
regulator in the UK are available on the ICO website
www.ico.org.uk where your personal
data information has been or is being used in a way that you believe does not
comply with data law, however we encourage you to contact us before
making any complaint and we will seek to resolve any issues or concerns
you may have.
Dies to Die For
International postage
Social Media
Quick links...
Events
Gift certificates
About us
Store
Need some help?
General help
Client login
Checkout
Order Status
Privacy policy
Copyright 2019 - All rights reserved
Shopping cart software by Ecommerce Templates