http://www.coolpetstuff.com/terms-of-use
Menu
Search
Cart
Free shipping on orders over $49*                Get code >
Terms of ServiceTerms and ConditionsPLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Cool Pet Stuff LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Cool Pet Stuff LLC, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Cool Pet Stuff LLC or purchasing Cool Pet Stuff LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Cool Pet Stuff LLC or to purchase Cool Pet Stuff LLC products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Cool Pet Stuff LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarkAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Cool Pet Stuff LLC used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Cool Pet Stuff LLCWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Cool Pet Stuff LLC disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Cool Pet Stuff LLC does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that any site defects will be corrected, or that this site or any 3rd party hosting server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Cool Pet Stuff LLC does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityThe website owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website, your or your company’s personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither the website owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.Revisions of ErrataAlthough Cool Pet Stuff, LLC does reasonably try to provide accurate and up to date information, the materials appearing on Cool Pet Stuff, LLC's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Many product photographs and/or product descriptions are supplied by the manufacturer and at times the manufacturer may make a change without notifying us. We make reasonable effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate. Cool Pet Stuff, LLC does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Cool Pet Stuff, LLC may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Cool Pet Stuff, LLC does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials. In the event that a Cool Pet Stuff LLC product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Cool Pet Stuff LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Cool Pet Stuff LLC reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Cool Pet Stuff LLC shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.  The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination of any terms.NoticeCool Pet Stuff LLC may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Cool Pet Stuff LLC.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Arkansas, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Cool Pet Stuff LLC products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Craighead County, Arkansas. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Cool Pet Stuff LLC products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Cool Pet Stuff LLC's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Cool Pet Stuff LLC may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time. We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made.You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks. This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in internet security. We are Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (also known as PCI DSS) Level 1 compliant, which is the highest security rating for eCommerce retailers processing credit/debit cards. We also offer Amazon Payments and Paypal as third party payment methods which do not require you to enter your credit card information on our website.On International shipments, any type of customs or import duties or taxes that may be assessed by your country are not included in your payment to us, and you will be responsible for paying any such applicable additional charges directly to the appropriate agency of your country by a payment method they accept.You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Cool Pet Stuff LLC or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerCool Pet Stuff LLC does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Cool Pet Stuff LLC is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Cool Pet Stuff LLC reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Cool Pet Stuff LLC in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Cool Pet Stuff LLC, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Cool Pet Stuff LLC may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Cool Pet Stuff LLC, Cool Pet Stuff LLC has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Cool Pet Stuff LLC. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Cool Pet Stuff LLC seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).SeverabilityAny provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices, which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to being void, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as void and the remaining provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.Merchandise ReturnsBuy purchasing items through our website, you agree to the terms of our Return Policy, which can be found HERE, and understand that the return of some items may not be allowed or that fees may be incurred and deducted from your refund.Privacy PolicyCool Pet Stuff, LLC takes identity theft protection, spam prevention, and your right to privacy seriously. Please see our complete Privacy Policy, which can be found HERE, for complete details.
QUICK LINKSAbout UsFAQPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseSitemap
ACCOUNT LINKSCreate AccountOrdersReturnsGift CertificatesWHOLESALE
INFORMATIONBusiness Hrs: 9am-5pm CST                                        Monday-FridayContact UsEmail: staff@coolpetstuff.com
CONNECT WITH US
STAY CONNECTED WITH US
join
Copyright © 2020  Cool Pet Stuff, LLC. All rights reserved
Please wait