http://www.zellies.com/privacy-policy
Zellie's Story
Ingredients
How to Use
Blog
Shop
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where potentially identifiable information may be requested.
We obtain personal information that is needed to provide our goods and services.
We primarily receive personal information as a result of customers' financial transactions with Zellie’s. We obtain the personal information that is needed to provide our goods or services, to provide customer service and to fulfill any legal or regulatory requirements.
We will inform consumers about the general uses of their information.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete the order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use consumer information in a manner which is consistent with our privacy notice.
Zellie’s uses information only in a manner consistent with our privacy notice. Protecting consumer privacy is very important as we build trusted relationships and assist businesses and consumers in conducting sensitive and wide-ranging electronic commerce activities.
We are committed to protecting the confidentiality of personal consumer information.
Within Zellie’s, access to personal information is limited to those employees of Zellie’s and its affiliates who need it to fulfill their business responsibilities. When Zellie’s collects information from our customers, we handle the information based on their direction and in accordance with our agreements and contracts with them and applicable laws. Vendors and other outside contractors we engage are subject to our contractual requirements to ensure sensitive personal information is safeguarded.
We strive to give consumers choices about how their data will be used.
If we obtain personal information as part of our direct relationship with consumers, we will not share this information with non-affiliated third parties except in accordance with this Privacy Policy; to facilitate and complete consumer-initiated or authorized transactions and service requests; to comply with federal, state and local laws, including credit reporting laws and card association rules; to combat fraud; or to offer products and services that Zellie’s believes may be of interest to its customers. Upon request, we will allow consumers to remove their names from any Zellie’s owned marketing lists.
We use appropriate security safeguards.
At Zellie’s security is a priority. We employ appropriate measures to protect consumer information against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These may include, among others, encryption, physical access security and other appropriate technologies. Zellie’s continually reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary.
We hold ourselves accountable to our privacy policy.
Zellie’s is committed to meeting the highest standards for our privacy program. If you have any questions or comments about the Zellie’s Privacy Policy, please e-mail us.