https://www.itascamoccasin.com/content/5-privacy
Purchase a gift voucher
Gift Vouchers Itasca Leathergoods
Customer Testimonials
I returned home from work travel today to find the box with my new moccasins. BEST SHOES EVER!! My feet love them...and I'll be reaching out to order this year's Christmas style. Thank you for your outstanding craftsmanship & Happy Thanksgiving! ...
Read More
Lori K.
I LOVE my pair! I have been wearing them a lot. They fit great, are super-cute, and are so comfortable. I put them on my Instagram page and my old boss already wants to buy some. ...
Read More
Theresa M.
I received my moccasins and I love them. The craftsmanship is superb and I love the colors. I am sure I will be ordering more. ...
Read More
Nancy B.
My mocs came a few days ago. I love them. To have footwear that fits both feet, of very unequal size, is a luxury I never thought I would experience. Love the orange hide with the blue laces. I just don't ever want to take them off!
...
Read More
Ginger K.
Hello any potential customers out there. I want to tell you that I am so impressed with the service this company has given to me. If 5 stars were the highest rating, they would be a 10. A difficult foot to fit, the pair were too small, they were HAPPY to make me another pair, no charge at all. Got back to me quickly in emails, The owner is PAUL KIRKMAN. A gem. complete gem. ...
Read More
Carol M.
The Itasca Company is a pleasure to work with and The Hatchie Moccasins are perfect - Thank You for Your Service - I will reccomend Your Products and Service as Superior Premium. ...
Read More
Jay S.
Awesome toebox fit first try.
I've tried two other custom fit moccasin companies and this is the best first pair fit.
Very neat stitching, with a good stiffener in the seam. ...
Read More
Denise S
I want to talk about the amazing customer service, follow up and problem resolution from Sam, who is the manager of the retail store.
She spent two hours trying to help with a shipping issue from a mail order I had made.
Bottom line, Sam went far above what any other
company would do to make
sure
the gift of moccasins arrived.
Give her a raise or at least buy her lunch! ...
Read More
Greg M
I ordered a pair of men’s leitner Mocs last week. They came in the mail today.
I needed to let people know just how amazing these shoe really are. I am a very picky individual. I absolutely hate the throw away society that we have become were inexpensive goods are the norm and cheap materials and craftsmanship is acceptable. I know these shoes are expensive however ......
Read More
Menth
The shoes are astounding. It is wonderful to see that American craftmanship is still alive. The fit is wonderful and ordering was easy. The stitching is excellent and far beyond what I expected! And talk about comfort! Many thanks to Sam for his attention to detail. This is a superb shoe in all aspects and I would give it an 11 on a scale of 1-10. The only thing I think ......
Read More
scott stengel
>
Privacy
About this Privacy Policy:
The entire site, or at least specific portions of this site are assisted by Zoovy technology. Zoovy has created this privacy policy as a template for customers who are using Zoovy technology with their websites. Zoovy in no way takes responsibility for the accuracy or enforcement of this policy. For a copy of Zoovy's privacy policy (which does not necessarily apply to the customers of its customers) visit http://www.zoovy.com/legal
Zoovy, Inc. has created this privacy statement for this Company in order to demonstrate our joint commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website:
Zoovy.com tracks IP Addresses
Your IP address is used to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the Web site, in addition your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart (in conjunction with a cookie.) We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
This site may contains links to other sites.
This Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, unless otherwise specified below your information is never shared with other companies, even those who are also using Zoovy technology. In the future Zoovy may provide you the ability to share your information across multiple websites which all utilize Zoovy technology however this will only be done at your explicit request.
This site requires Unique Identifiers.
This site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services, it also collects visitor's contact information (like their email address), in some circumstances their unique identifiers (like their pets name, or mothers maiden name), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future informational mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below, users may NOT opt out of receiving order notifications, or other contacts which are deemed essential by this Company.
This site requires Financial Information.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the customer for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as pets name, and mothers maiden name) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity.
This site may have Surveys and/or Contests.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. This site may also run contests in which case we may ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). Generally this information is used to verify eligibility, however we may also use contact data from our contests to send users information about this Company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary (for example winners). Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected from our users is used to check the users' qualifications for registration and bill the user for products and services.
Third Party Cookies
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve the badge on the website and to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to the website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
This site may contain Public Forums
This site may include chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
About our System Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Information is stored behind a firewall, against a password protected database system. Whenever sensitive information is accessed it is transmitted using strong SSL encryption. this Company may keep a copy of your information on its own system using Zoovy's WebAPI system, this system may have its own security measures in place.
This site provides the choice to Opt In or Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. Each time an information email is distributed, you have the option to use unique unsubscribe url which is attached to each outgoing email. Customers may unsubscribe at any time by simply logging into their accounts.
We provide the ability to Correct/Update YOUR information.
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Simply visit the customer login area of this website.