http://www.polkadotsonline.com/pages/polkadots-moonbeams-policies
browse products
Lovies
silver pacifier clips
personalized ceramic crosses
personalized plates
wooden footstools
photo frames
growth charts
piggy banks
shop collections
new baby
baptism / christening / dedication
birthday
nursery decor
personalized gifts
holiday goodies
Home
/ Polkadots & Moonbeams Policies
Polkadots & Moonbeams Policies
customer service
We are continuously trying to improve our website, so please tell us what you think. Your thoughts and opinions are important to us. If you have any questions or concerns please contact us. You can email us at info@polkadotsonline.com. All emails will be responded to within 24 hours, but typically much sooner. We look forward to hearing from you!
OrderingOnce you have selected your items and are finished browsing, proceed to checkout. At this point you can review your basket, view your order total, remove specific items or delete the entire order. If you wish to continue you will be requested to provide your name, email address, credit card information, billing and shipping address. On personalized and custom items, upon order placement we will collect 100% of the value of the item, plus any appropriate state sales tax and shipping fees. If your shipping address is located in the state of Missouri you are subject to 4.23% sales tax. You may then submit your order via our SSL secure server, which encrypts information, ensuring that Internet transactions remain private and protected. On completion of your order you will be issued am order confirmation number. The order confirmation number should be used in any correspondence with us. You will receive a second confirmation via email with the date your order was shipped. Please contact us if you have any questions or problems with your order. Please use your confirmation number for reference and never put your credit card information in any email.
Shipping and HandlingPolkadots & Moonbeams is currently able to ship within the United States only, although some items may be available for international shipping.  Please email us with inquiries.  We strive to keep shipping costs to a minimum while providing you with quick shipping times and accurate tracking information. We use various shipping methods depending on the item(s) and quantities of items ordered. Our shipping methods are as follows: USPS First Class Mail, USPS Priority Mail, UPS Mail Innovations and UPS. Additional delivery charges may apply to your order if we are supplied with an invalid address or if the package is returned "Undeliverable" by USPS or UPS.  Because our items are made and shipped by various different individuals, items ordered together may ship separately. Please see individual product page for availability times.
Gift Orders
For your convenience, we are happy to ship your gift orders directly to the recipient. Simply fill out the shipping information and use the Gift Note field to tell us what you would like the gift card to say. Gift wrapping is available for many items - see individual product page for availability.  Due to the complexity of shipping, if you would like to send multiple gifts to different addresses, we ask that you submit each order separately. We apologize for the inconvenience, but all items submitted as part of the same order will be shipped to the same address.
Changing or Canceling OrdersShould you decide to change or cancel your order, please email us immediately. If your order is already being processed, it may be too late to cancel the order.
Product DisplayThe colors depicted as well as the display and color capabilities of your particular computer monitor will greatly affect the colors you actually see on your screen. We have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on our website. Polkadots & Moonbeams cannot be held responsible for the limitations of your monitor and can not guarantee that your monitor's display of any color, texture, or detail of actual merchandise will be accurate.
privacy policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
NOTE: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.polkadotsonline.com.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by using the information below.
Polkadots & Moonbeams, LLC14151 County Rd. 8120Rolla, MO 65401www.polkadotsonline.cominfo@polkadotsonline.com
return policy
It is our goal to ensure that every customer is completely satisfied with every purchase from Polkadots & Moonbeams. Unfortunately, we are are unable to refund personalized items. Please pay special attention when ordering any personalized items.  If an item is received damaged or if there is an error or quality issue, please contact us immediately within 24 hours of receipt of your order so that we can replace the item as soon as possible. If we are not contacted within 24 hours after the item has been delivered, we cannot be held responsible for replacing the item. Please keep the item and its original packing in order to receive a replacement. If you are unhappy with a non-personalized stock item, please contact us at info@polkadotsonline.com for a return authorization first and then simply return it with the packing slip, unused and in its original condition, stating the reason for return within 7 days of receipt. We will issue a refund (excluding shipping charges) or an exchange if you so choose. Please note all rush fees and shipping charges are non-refundable.