http://www.jamaicabluemountaincoffee.com/pages/legal-discalimer
Legal Disclaimer
APPLICABLE LAWS
This web site (excluding any links) is owned and controlled by Plantation Blue LLC from its offices within the State of Florida, United States of America. By accessing this web site, both you and Plantation Blue LLC agree that the statutes and laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflict of laws, will apply to all matters relating to use of this web site In addition, you agree to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Superior Court of Broward County and the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.
Visitors to this web site are responsible for their own compliance with local laws regarding web site use and access.
SITE CONTENT
All content, graphics, code and software used on or incorporated into this web site, and the arrangement or integration of all such content, graphics, code and software, are subject to copyrights held by or licensed to Plantation Blue LLC and all rights thereto are specifically reserved. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copies of pages from this web site solely for personal, non-commercial purposes related to the placement of an order or shopping with Plantation Blue LLC. Any other use of this web site or content or information contained in this web site is strictly prohibited, unless the written permission of Plantation Blue LLC first is obtained.
DISCLAIMER
This web site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. Plantation Blue LLC therefore reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions (including after an order has been submitted) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies, or omissions may relate to pricing and availability. We apologize for any inconvenience.
This web site, and any information or content on this web site, are provided "as is" with all faults. Plantation Blue LLC makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, with respect to this web site or content or information available on or through this web site Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, neither Plantation Blue LLC nor its affiliates, nor the directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns of each, shall be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this web site or any other web site linked to this web site. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, sequential, special, punitive, or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for lost profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information, even if Plantation Blue LLC is notified in advance of the potential for any such damages.
Plantation Blue LLC does not make any representations or warranties about any web site you may access through this web site. Any such web site is independent from Plantation Blue LLC, and Plantation Blue LLC has no control over, or responsibility with respect to, the information provided or activities undertaken by any such web site. A link between plantationblue.com and another web site further does not mean that Plantation Blue LLC endorses that web site. You need to make your own independent decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other web site.
ERRORS AND INACCURACIES
Our goal is to provide complete, accurate, up-to-date information on our Web site. Unfortunately, it is not possible to ensure that any Web site is completely free of human or technological errors. This site may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing and availability, and some information may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions -- including after an order has been submitted -- and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
TRADEMARKS
Plantation Blue® is a registered trademark of Plantation Blue LLC. All other trademarks, service marks, and trade names referenced in this site are the property of their respective owners.
YOUR SUBMISSIONS
Plantation Blue LLC does not want to receive confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information through this web site (excluding information related to any order you submit). Please note that any information, materials, suggestions, ideas, or comments sent to plantationblue.com will be deemed non-confidential, and, by submitting any such information, you are granting Plantation Blue LLC an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display, and distribute such materials, information, suggestions, ideas, or comments for any purpose whatsoever. Please know, however, that we will not use your name in connection with any such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments unless we first obtain your permission or otherwise are required by law to do so.
Subscribe Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …