http://www.gamebore.com/uk/privacy
English | French
Contact | Dealers
Clay
Game
Shop
News
Lookbook
Exclusive
Quad Seal
Tech
About
Pro Shots
Top clay cartridges
12G Dark Storm™
View specification
12G Black Gold®
View specification
12G White Gold®
View specification
12G Blue Diamond®
View specification
View the range
Top game cartridges
12G Dark Storm Game with Quad Seal
View specification
Dark Storm™ Precision Steel with Bio-Wad®
View specification
12G Black Gold® Game
View specification
12G Grouse Extreme
View specification
View the range
Home
Clay
Game
Cartridges
British Made
Pro Shots
Exclusive
Quad Seal
Tech
Lookbook
News
Shop
Dealers
Contact
French Site
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Gamebore Cartridge Company Ltd are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
Our privacy policy outlines the basis on which any personal data given to us by you will be processed.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Gamebore Cartridge Company Ltd of Great Union Street, Hull, HU9 1AR, United Kingdom.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site (www.gamebore.com). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site where registration is required, subscribing to our mailing list or requesting any other services. We may also ask you for information if you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of the correspondence.
Details of transactions carried out through our site and of the fulfilment of the orders placed.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP Addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Information about our use of cookies
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
Cookies
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. They are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. The cookies used on this website have been categorised based on the categories found in the ICC UK Cookie guide.
Data Storage
Gamebore Cartridge Company Ltd take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Use of Your Information
We use your information in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about any changes to our service.
In addition to this, we might also use your data to send you information by email about goods and services which may be of interest to you.
If you are a new or existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data (the registration form).
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Gamebore Cartridge Company Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Gamebore Cartridge Company Ltd, our clients, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at shop@gamebore.com
Access to Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any amendments made to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where necessary, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Lydia Abdelaoui, Gamebore Cartridge Company Ltd, Great Union Street, Hull, HU9 1AR, United Kingdom.
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Learn more.
Accept and Close
© Gamebore Cartridge Co. Ltd. Great Union Street, Kingston-Upon-Hull, HU9 1AR, England
French Site . Contact . Dealers . Terms . Privacy Policy . ISO 9001 Registered Manufacturer