http://www.freestylephoto.biz/return-policy
Shop
Holgas
Inkjet
Photo Know-How
Info & Events
Students & Educators
About Us
Contact Us
Calendar of Photographic Events
The Creative Center for Photography
Press Releases
Newsletters
We're Hiring!
Please Note : ***Due to Covid & the Holidays, please expect shipping delays.***
We will be closed Wednesday through Friday, December 23rd - 25th for the Christmas Holiday and Wednesday through Friday, December 30th - January 1st for the New Year Holiday. Orders placed before noon Pacific Standard Time on the preceding Tuesdays, will ship the same day. Orders placed after Noon Pacific Standard Time on those Tuesdays, will ship on the following Mondays.
Wishing you a Safe and Happy Holiday Season!
Home
>Freestyle Returns Policy
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Locations & Hours
News
Partners
Special Events
Employment Opportunities
Policies
Order Policy
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Store Policy
Freestyle Returns Policy
30-Day No Risk Guarantee Return Policy*
Freestyle is pleased to provide a simple return policy: If you are not satisfied for any reason, you may return your product within 30 days from the date of purchase. *DOES NOT APPLY TO THE FOLLOWING: Printers, Scanners, Software, Digital Equipment, Digital Cameras, Lenses, Light Meters, Flashes, Darkroom Equipment, UV Lightsources,
Backgrounds, Lighting Equipment, Special Orders, Photofinishing or Hazardous Materials.
Return Procedure
ALWAYS INSPECT YOUR ORDER UPON ARRIVAL so that you can take advantage of the 30 day return policy. Please retain the shipping box, packing materials, and all the manufacturer's packaging, accessories and inserts, as these materials are necessary if you choose to return a product.
CLAIMS FOR MISSING ITEMS OR DAMAGED ITEMS MUST BE MADE WITHIN FIVE BUSINESS DAYS OF RECEIPT OF YOUR ORDER.
Download this return form, print and fill it out.
Download The Return Form
You must return all merchandise within 30 days of receipt. Please include all original packaging including instruction books, warranty cards, etc. Warranty cards should not be filled out. Please note that items returned after 30 days are subject to a restocking fee.
Fill out this form indicating the appropriate reason for your return.
Indicate what items you would like in exchange. We will refund any balance due you. Please indicate payment information if there is a balance due to Freestyle for exchange items.
REFUNDS WILL BE PROCESSED IN THE SAME MANNER AS THE ORIGINAL ORDER (I.E. EITHER CREDIT CARD, CHECK, ETC.) THE CREDIT IS BASED ON THE MONETARY VALUE OF THE MERCHANDISE ONLY. SHIPPING IS NOT INCLUDED.
Please reference your Original Sales Order Number on any paperwork.
Please pack your products carefully and ship them back to us in the original shipping container. You may send returns within 30 days from the date of purchase to the following address:
Freestyle Photographic Supplies
Attn Returns
5124 W. Sunset Blvd
Hollywood, CA 90027
Please note these important return suggestions to ensure your quick credit:
In cases of order error, damage, or defect: do not discard your shipping box or any of its contents. Please contact us within 5 days so that we may arrange to correct your order.
Please re-pack all return items carefully inside the original shipping box with all the original packing peanuts so that your product will be well protected on the return trip. Freestyle is not responsible for lost or damaged customer returns.
We suggest that you return your product via a traceable and insured carrier so that you will have recourse with the shipper should your shipment become lost or damaged.
All products must be returned complete, as packed by the manufacturer; including the product box, packing materials, instruction books, blank warranty cards, etc.
Warranty cards must be blank and you must not have registered your purchase with the manufacturer either online or by mail.
Due to Federal Regulations, hazardous chemicals and ORM-D items may not be returned for any reason.
There are no returns, exchanges or cancellations on special order items.
We do not accept returns on international orders.