http://www.christiecookies.com/customer-service/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
The Christie Cookie™ privacy statement
Welcome to The Christie Cookie ™ web site, available at www.christiecookies.com (this "Site"). This Site is owned and operated by The Christie Cookie Company ("The Christie Cookie Company"). This Statement discloses the Privacy Policy ("Policy") for this Site and describes how we collect, protect and use information we receive from visitors to our Site. The Christie Cookie Company has created this Policy in order to demonstrate and inform you of our firm commitment to privacy. This Policy applies only to information collected through this Site and not to information collected offline.
The information we collect
There are two kinds of information web sites can obtain about you:
Anonymous Information: Anonymous Information is used internally for Site administration, troubleshooting and to help improve the quality of this Site and its design. We may share such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers. We never connect aggregate information with Personally Identifiable Information, and none of the Anonymous Information we share will contain any information that identifies you individually.
IP Addresses. An IP address is unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, avoid hacking attacks on the Site’s server, and may use it to gather broad demographic information. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information, even if such information is voluntarily provided by a user.
Cookie Information. As is the case with many web sites, our Site uses a technology called "cookies", which are small data files that are downloaded onto your computer. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet, and allows us to tailor your visits to our Site to your individual preferences. We may also contract with third party service providers who assign cookies to conduct site tracking for us. These companies use cookies solely to provide us with aggregate data about Site traffic. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser to prevent cookies or notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the features on our Site.
Personally Identifiable Information: “Personally Identifiable Information” is any information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or your telephone number. Sometimes this personal information is needed when you place an order for cookies or other goods from The Christie Cookie Company, request our catalog, subscribe to our email newsletter, or when you contact us. We may ask you to provide us with personal information on a voluntary basis in certain areas of our Site. In particular, you may be asked to provide the following information:
User IDs and Passwords. To order cookies, gifts and other goods through the Site, we may request that you create a login name and password. We will use this information to maintain your account and send you the items you have ordered. We may also use this information to send you announcements of new Site features, special offers and promotional material that we think may be of interest to you. You may elect not to receive such information by opting out as described below.
Email Correspondence. Scattered throughout the Site are links or forms that can be used to contact The Christie Cookie Company so you can comment, make a complaint, make suggestions and ask questions of a sales representative (orders@christiecookies.com). Your email address is required on this form so we can answer your questions. The Christie Cookie Company may put information from email on file, but does not currently share, sell, license or transmit this information with third parties without express authorization from you.
How we use gathered information
The information you share with us may be used in a few ways:
Anonymous Information: Anonymous Information is used internally for Site administration, troubleshooting and to help improve the quality of this Site and its design. We may share such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information, such as demographics, with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers. We never connect aggregate information with Personally Identifiable Information, and none of the Anonymous Information we share will contain any information that identifies you individually.
Personally Identifiable Information: Personally Identifiable Information collected by The Christie Cookie Company may be used for purposes including administration of the Site, order processing, management of promotions or contests, and communications with you. In all cases, however, we will only use your information as permitted by law. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law or with legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights and property; (c) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Site; or (d) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. Please note that we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
Opt-out
Although most users of this Site indicate that they welcome details of offers and other promotional material about The Christie Cookie Company, we support the right of our visitors to choose. You will be given the right to opt-out of receiving such information whenever you are asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information on this Site. If you do not opt-out at that time, but later decide that you do not wish to receive future communications of this nature you can contact us at orders@christiecookies.com or at the address provided below, indicating that you no longer want to receive information relating to The Christie Cookie Company Site.
Access and correction
You have a right to know about the Personally Identifiable Information that The Christie Cookie Company holds about you, including the right to correct, amend or delete the information that The Christie Cookie Company has on file if it is incorrect. If you wish to exercise these rights please contact us by email or postal mail at the addresses below.
Security
This Site incorporates safeguards to protect the security, integrity and privacy of the personal information we have collected. We have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and database encryption. While on a secure page, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just “surfing”. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we use reasonable efforts to protect user information offline. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as required and only authorized individuals have access to the information you provide.
Security of information communicated by or to us over the Internet is of utmost concern to us; however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that your email, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet communications, may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to us. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use email to communicate information to us that you consider confidential. While we strive to protect your personal information, The Christie Cookie Company cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or through this Site. Once we receive your transmission, we will use reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our internal systems. Depending on the nature of the inquiry, your communication may be discarded or archived. If you wish, you may contact us instead via telephone at the numbers provided throughout our Site.
Disclosure of information through business transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we may buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, and in so doing, acquire customer information. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. Similarly, in the event that a portion or substantially all of The Christie Cookie Company’s assets are sold or transferred to a third party, customer information (including your email address) would likely be one of the transferred business assets.
Our commitment to children's privacy
Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. The Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA") defines a "Child" as anyone under the age of 13. The Christie Cookie Company strictly adheres to COPPA. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information obtained through our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and notwithstanding the fact that we sell delicious cookies, no part of our Site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
External links
This Site may provide links and/or banners to various web sites that we do not control. When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred out of our Site and connected to the web site of the organization or company that you selected. We are not responsible for the nature, quality or accuracy of the content or opinions expressed on such web sites, and such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for quality, accuracy or completeness by us. Inclusion of any linked web site on this Site does not imply or express an approval or endorsement of the linked web site by us, or of any of the content, opinions, products or services provided on these web sites. Even if an affiliation exists between our Site and a third-party web site, we exercise no control over linked sites. Each of these linked sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. While The Christie Cookie Company expects its partners and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users, The Christie Cookie Company cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. If you visit a web site that is linked to from our Site, we encourage you to consult that web site's privacy policy before providing any personal information and whenever interacting with any web site.
Consent and modifications to privacy statment
This Site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. By using this Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through this Site. This Policy and the use of this Site are governed by Tennessee law. Any claim related to the Site or this Policy shall be brought in a federal or state court in Davidson County, Nashville, Tennessee, within one year after the claim arises. Users of the Site consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Policy. This Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.
Modifications to privacy policy
The Christie Cookie Company may modify this Policy at any time, at its discretion, and modifications are effective upon being posted on this Site. You are responsible for reviewing this Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes to it.
Account revisions, revoking and deleting personal information
We welcome your questions, comments and all feedback pertaining to your privacy or any other issue with regard to this Site.
At any time, you may ask us to cease further use of your email address to send you special offers and promotions, and direct us to delete any Personally Identifiable Information you have supplied. Although it is not always possible to remove or modify such information, we will make reasonable efforts to do so. If you have given us information for one of those third parties we mentioned above and we have already passed it on, we may not be able to delete or change the information.
In the event that you have given us Personally Identifiable Information in the past and then have second thoughts or want to update it, or if you have any other questions regarding this Policy or this Site, you may send an email or contact us at:
E-mail: orders@christiecookies.com
Address: 1205 Third Avenue NorthNashville, Tennessee 37208
Telephone: 1.800.458.2447