http://www.harlick.com/about/privacy.php
Products
Custom Boots
Stock Boots
Blades
Accessories
Repairs
Purchase Boots
Ordering Info
Order Form
Fitting Instructions
Stock Sizing Info
Stock Sizing Chart
Dealer Locator
FAQs
Company
History
Harlick Quality
News
Contact Us
Photo & Links
Photo Gallery
Artistic Design Samples
Links
Privacy Policy
Home : About : Privacy
Harlick cares about your right to privacy.
This policy explains how we intend to handle any personally identifying information you give us online. Personally identifying information is information that enables us to identify you, for example, your e-mail address, name, home phone number, etc.
How We Collect and Use Personally Identifying Information
You are welcome to visit Harlick's web sites while remaining anonymous and not revealing any personally identifying information. Sharing your personally identifying information is strictly voluntary.
Sharing your personally identifying information makes it easier for you to:
Request information or materials concerning our products.
Receive personalized newsletters and other messages about our products that we feel may be relevant to your interests, and generally facilitate
future communication with you.
Participate in surveys or register to participate in a promotion (such as contests or give-a-ways).
We also collect certain anonymous information that cannot be associated with you personally, such as the domains from which you visit us, the number of visitors to our web sites, browsing patterns and areas of interest. We analyze this data to assess trends, statistics and customers' needs, to help us improve our web sites, products and better serve our customers.
Safeguarding Personally Identifying Information
We aim to protect the personally identifying information you share with
us. Harlick uses a variety of commercially available security technologies to protect your personally identifying information, including secure servers, firewalls and encryption of financial data.
Contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, e-mail us at info@harlick.com
Home |
Have a comment? info@harlick.com |
Privacy
235 Old County Rd., San Carlos, CA 94070 | Phone: (650) 593-2093 | Fax: (650) 593-9704