http://www.cutarts.com/privacy-policy-1
Cart
0
Sign In
My Account
Home
Events
Custom Silhouettes from Your Photo
Jewelry
Ornaments & Gifts
Shop
Galleries
Videos
Raves
About
Info
Back
Calendar
Special Events
Back
Custom Silhouettes
Custom Silhouette Jewelry
Custom Silhouette Ornaments & Gifts
Custom Silhouette Sculptures
Cut Arts Gift Card
Personalized Paper Art
Frames
Wall Decor
Custom Orders
Back
Children & Pets
Commercial
Celebrities
Weddings, etc.
Instagram Feed
Back
About Karl
Silhouette History
Client List
Press
Back
Custom Silhouette photo instructions
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Jewelry & Ornament Care
Privacy PolicyProtecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to https://www.cutarts.com and Cut Arts, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Cut Arts, Inc. include https://www.cutarts.com and Cut Arts. The Cut Arts website is an ecommerce site. By using the Cut Arts website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. Collection of your Personal InformationIn order to provide you with products and services offered on our site, Cut Arts may collect personally identifiable information such as your:First and Last NameMailing AddressE-mail AddressPhone numberIf you purchase Cut Arts products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To with, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We may also gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.Use of your Personal InformationCut Arts collects and uses your personal information to operate its website and deliver the services you have requested. Cut Arts may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Cut Arts and its affiliates. Sharing Information with Third PartiesCut Arts does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.Cut Arts may share date with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Cut Arts, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Cut Arts may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on Cut Arts or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Cut Arts; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Cut Arts, or the public. Tracking User BehaviorCut Arts may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Cut Arts, in order to determine what Cut Arts services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Cut Arts to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Automatically Collected InformationInformation about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Cut Arts. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Cut Arts website. Children Under ThirteenCut Arts does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website. E-mail CommunicationFrom time to time, Cut Arts may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communications if you expressly provide your email address. Changes to this StatementCut Arts reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy policy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy. Contact InformationCut Arts welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Cut Arts has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Cut Arts at:Cut Arts, Inc.2975 East Hillcrest Drive, Ste.406Thousand Oaks, CA 91362Email address: karl@cutarts.comEffective as of June 22, 2018