http://www.personalizedfree.com/terms-of-service/
svg-arrow-next
svg-arrow-prev
×
×
×
Customer Login
If you are already registered, please log in.
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create your account and enjoy a new shopping experience.
Create a new account
Search
Search
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
Personalizedfree.com will replace any ornament that is defective or has an error on our part at no expense to the customer. For your privacy, we never share any customer information--in aggregate or in the specific--at any time with anyone for any reason.
Terms of ServiceI. Definitions. This Contract is the entirety of the Agreement. You and Your, in addition to the standard dictionary definitions, refer to the individual using the Site in any of its parts or functionalities. Us and we is defined as any employee or owner of Personalizedfree.com.
II. Agreement between parties. If you use our website, you agree to the foregoing definitions, and affirm this Agreement as binding between you and us. If you do not agree, our website is not for your use. Use constitutes agreement with our terms of use and sale.
III. Shipping Policy. In order to offer the lowest possible shipping and handling rates to all of our customers, the cost to ship each item is clearly displayed in the Check-Out screen before submitting your order. Our air shipment rates, offered in the United States only, are offered for your convenience. All products are shipped by USPS, UPS 2-Day Air, or UPS Next Day Air. We offer you tracking and shipment information for each order once it ships.
IV: Sales Tax. As required by law, sales tax is automatically applied to your order total if your shipping address is within the State of Washington.
V: Our Guarantee and Return Policy. We offer a 100% satisfaction guarantee. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your order, we will refund your money for the amount of the ornament once it is returned to us. The original shipping charge will not be included in the refund. If you receive an item that has been incorrectly personalized, or the craftsmanship is not satisfactory, we will replace the ornament at no cost to you. We will do the same if a item arrives broken. For both situations, we may ask you to return the item, but it will be at our expense.
VI: Changes and Cancellations. Due to the highly personal and special-order nature of all of our products, once placed, your order cannot be altered, changed or canceled unless you notify us within one hour from the time you placed the order. Please make sure you have the exact spellings, wording and addresses you want us to work with prior to placing your order.
VII:. Orders the week prior to Christmas. We are open all year, so there's no standard cut-off time. However, we cannot guarantee delivery by Christmas if your order is placed within one week of December 25th. In many cases, you can elect to pay for UPS 2-Day Air or UPS Next Day Air delivery in order to receive "last minute orders" by Christmas.
VIII: Privacy Policy. Personalizedfree.com does not share your personal information with any other companies. We electronically record what you tell us in order to fill your order so that we can successfully ship your order to you. We will also email you special offers that we have on Christmas ornaments during the few months leading up to Christmas. You can elect to be removed from our mailing list.
IX. Errors by the Customer. If you make an error and we've produced what was asked for, your order is considered complete and non-returnable. However, in many cases, we may be able to fix your order for you. We offer this service at no charge to you, but will ask that you pay for shipping your order back to us, as well as pay for the shipping to return it to you once the order is fixed. We will fix your order the day we receive it and ship it back out the next business day.
X. Disclaimer of Liability. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express, implied or inferred, with respect to this Website, its content, or the information, graphics, photography or products available on or through it. While we make every effort possible to publish accurate data and to provide safe products, all information is presented "as is", with any and all faults; and all merchandise is presented and delivered "as is" with no warranty as to any particular use or purpose. And, Personalizedfree.com, and all artists represented, their owners, officers, employees, agents, successors, manufacturers, artists, contractors and assigns, will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this Website or the products presented at any time on this Website. This limitation of liability applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer of any kind, as well as damages for lost profits, business or life interruption, even if we are notified in advance of the potential for any such damages. In using this Website, you agree to indemnify Personalizedfree.com, its owners, officers, employees, agents, successors, manufacturers, artists, contractors and assigns against any and all cause(s) brought to bear arising out of or related to in any way the use of this Website and/or to its products presented in the past, currently or in the future, including but not limited to: information; photography; product possession, use, handling, or misuse; swallowing; lacerating; dropping, breaking, shattering or exploding; falling off and/or onto; laying, placing or positioning product on top of or coming into contact with any surface causing damage of any kind.
XI. Applicable Law and Indemnification. By using this Website, you agree that the laws of the State of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws will govern this Agreement and any dispute of any sort including but not limited to Website use and/or product use or manipulation or application of any kind that might arise between you and this Website, Personalizedfree.com, and all artists represented, their (collectively and individually) owners, officers, employees, agents, successors, manufacturers, artists, contractors and/or assigns. You agree that any dispute relating in any way to your use intentional or otherwise of our Website, its parts and functionalities and/or of products shown on our website without regard to when or how they were presented or acquired shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in the state of Washington. Under any action brought against us in whole or in part you agree to appear personally, and you re-affirm your voluntary indemnification of us in any proceeding progressing from your use of our Website and/or products including the willful or unintentional presentation of products, and/or gifting of any of our products to any third party by yourself or another--whether to minor or adult--whether within your immediate control or not, then or now. Further, if your appearance does not occur for any reason whatsoever, you agree to be liable for and indemnify us wholly against any and all outcomes of any arbitration, including any class action or other cause brought against us that may be filed under any jurisdiction whatsoever related in any way to your use, possession of or gifting of our Website and/or products.
XII. Exclusions. If any word, sentence, portion or paragraph of this Agreement is judged as contrary to the laws of the State of Washington and therefore excluded, the judgment shall have no bearing on any and all remaining portions, sentences, or paragraphs of this Agreement all of which you agree remain binding and in force to inure to our benefit at our sole discretion. You further agree that we may pursue enforcement of this Agreement at our sole discretion in any jurisdiction or venue of our choice, including but not limited to arbitration or the State of Washington.
XIII. Future Changes. Terms and conditions as published in this Agreement as of the date of your acceptance. Future changes to this Agreement will not effect you, as you are only agreeing to the Agreement as offered and accepted at the time of your Website use. We may be required to make changes and enhancements to the Agreement from time to time, at which point you are bound additionally by any future Agreement published on the Website if and only if you use our Website at a future date and only per the Agreement in place at the specific time of your use of our Website.
×