http://www.bepanthen.co.uk/en/privacy-statement/index.php
Privacy Statement
This website (hereinafter the “Website“) is provided by Bayer Public Limited Company (hereinafter “us” or “we”). For further information regarding the provider of the Website, please refer to our imprint.
Handling of personal dataIn the following we wish to provide you with information on how we handle your personal data when you use the Website. Unless otherwise indicated in the following chapters, the legal basis for the handling of your personal data results from the fact that such handling is required to make available the functionalities of the Website requested by you (Art. 6(1)(b) General Data Protection Regulation).
Using the WebsiteAccessing the WebsiteWhen you call up the Website, your browser will transfer certain information to our web server. This is done for technical reasons and required to make available to you the requested information. To facilitate your access to the Website, the following information is collected, briefly stored and used:IP addressDate and time of accessTime zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)Content of request (specific site)Status of access/HTTP status codeTransferred volume of dataWebsite requesting accessBrowser, language settings, version of browser software operating system and surfaceMoreover, to protect our legitimate interests, we will store such information for a limited period of time in order to be able to initiate a tracking of personal data in the event of actual or attempted unauthorised access to our servers (Art. 6(1)(f) General Data Protection Regulation).
Setting of cookiesWhat are cookies?The Website uses so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are stored in the memory of your terminal via your browser. They store certain information (e.g. your preferred language or site settings) which your browser may (depending on the lifespan of the cookie) retransmit to us upon your next visit to the Website.What cookies do we use?We differentiate between two categories of cookies: (1) functional cookies, without which the functionality of the Website would be reduced, and (2) optional cookies used for e.g. website analysis and marketing purposes. The following tables contain a detailed description of the optional cookies we use:
Name
Lifespan
Purpose and content
Optional Cookies
Name
Purpose and content
Consent
Online behavioural advertising with Facebook
These cookies assign a randomly generated ID to your device, enabling us and Facebook to recognise your device upon your next access. For details on behavioural advertising with Facebook, please see the respective chapter below. Lifespan: Determined by Facebook
Provider: Facebook
Website analysis / Online behavioural advertising with Google
Website analysis with GoogleThese cookies assign a randomly generated ID to your device, enabling us to recognise your device upon your next access. For details on website analysis with Google, please see the respective chapter below.Online behavioural advertising with GoogleThese cookies assign a randomly generated ID to your device, enabling us and Google to recognise your device upon your next access. For details on behavioural advertising with Google, please see the respective chapter below. Lifespan: 6 months / Determined by Google
Provider: Google Inc.
Subject to your consentWe only use optional cookies if we have obtained your prior consent (Art. 6(1)(a) General Data Protection Regulation). Upon your first access to the Website, a banner will appear, asking you to give us your consent to the setting of optional cookies. If your consent is given, we will place a cookie on your computer and the banner will not appear again as long as the cookie is active. After expiration of the cookie’s lifespan, or if you actively delete the cookie, the banner will reappear upon your next visit to the Website and again ask for your consent.How to prevent the setting of cookiesYou may use the Website without any cookies being set. In your browser, you can at any time configure or completely deactivate the use of cookies. This may, however, lead to a restriction of the functions or have adverse effects on the user-friendliness of the Website. You may at any time object to the setting of optional cookies by using the respective objection option indicated in the table above.
Website Analysis with GoogleOn our Website we use a web analysis service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google”).Google will analyze your use of our Website on our behalf. To this purpose, we use the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. The respective results will then be made available to us in anonymized form. Your usage data will not be connected to your full IP address during this process. We have activated on our Website the IP anonymizing function offered by Google, which will delete the last 8 bits (type IPv4) or the last 80 bits (type IPv6) of your IP address after each data transfer to Google. Moreover, Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of personal data by Google in the US.You may withdraw your consent to the use of web analysis at any time, either by downloading and installing the provided Google Browser Plugin or by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed. Both options will prevent the application of web analysis only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out Cookie.
Online behavioral advertising with GoogleThis Website uses an online behavioral advertising service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google“).Google will analyze your use of this Website. To this purpose, Google uses the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Google in connection with your use of our Website (e.g. the referring URL, our webpages visited by you, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution) will be transmitted to a server of Google in the US, where it will be stored and analyzed. We and our partner Google will use this information to better tailor our advertisements to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you are shown the same advertisement, to evaluate the efficiency of promotional campaigns, and to better comprehend the behavior of visitors after they have looked at a certain ad. When you visit another website of the so-called “Google Display Network”, customized pop-ups tailored to your interests can be presented to you on the basis of the information collected on our Website.Google is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of personal data by Google in the US.You may withdraw your consent to this transfer of information to Google for online behavioral advertising purposes at any time either by administrating your consents in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed, or by downloading and installing the Google Browser Plugin offered by Google. Both options will prevent the use of online behavioral advertising services only as long as you use the browser on which you installed the plugin and do not delete the opt-out Cookie.Google is responsible for processing your personal data which Google collects directly from our Website for online behavioral advertisement services. Since we have no control over personal data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your personal data. Thus, please visit Google’s information on data privacy to receive further information on how Google processes your personal data and for how long. At the time of preparation of this privacy statement, Google’s information was available on the Google Data Protection Guidelines for Advertising.
Online behavioural advertising with FacebookThe Website uses an online behavioural advertising service of Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland (using Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA as sub-processor) (“Facebook”).Facebook will analyse your use of the Website. To this purpose, we use the cookies described in more detail in the above table. The information collected by Facebook in connection with your use of the Website will be transmitted to a server of Facebook in the US, where it will be stored and analysed. These information include the referring URL, your browser type, your language settings, your operating system, your screen resolution and further information depending on the implemented pixel events (e.g. “purchase”: processes the type, ID and number of the selected item as well as payment information and currency; “search”: processes the search string, when you search for a product on the website; “view content”: processes the content ID, name, type, currency and value). We and our partner Facebook will use this information to better tailor our advertisements to you and your interests, to limit the number of times you are shown the same advertisement, to evaluate the efficiency of promotional campaigns, and to better comprehend the behaviour of visitors after they have looked at a certain ad. When you visit your Facebook timeline or another websites of Facebook’s advertisement network (so called “Audience Network”), customised feeds tailored to your interests can be presented to you on the basis of the information collected on the Website.Facebook Inc. is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield, which ensures that an adequate level of data protection is maintained with respect to the processing of personal data by Facebook in the US.You may withdraw your consent to this transfer of information to Facebook for online behavioural advertising purposes at any time by administrating your consent in the above table, in which case an opt-out cookie will be placed. Please note that this will only prevent any transfer of information to Facebook as long as you do not delete the opt-out Cookie.Facebook is responsible for processing your personal data which Facebook collects directly from the Website for online behavioural advertisement services. Since we have no control over personal data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your personal data. Thus, please visit Facebook’s information on data privacy to receive further information on how Facebook processes your personal data and for how long. At the time of preparation of this privacy statement, Facebook’s information was available on their Privacy Policy.
External services or content on the WebsiteWe include third-party services and/or content on the Website. When you use such third-party services or when third-party content is displayed, communication data are exchanged between you and the respective provider for technical reasons.The respective provider of the services or content may also process your personal data for own additional purposes. To the best of our knowledge, we have configured the services and content of providers known to process personal data for own purposes in such a way that either any communication for other purposes than to present their services or content on the Website is blocked, or communication only takes place once you have actively opted to use the respective service. However, since we have no control over personal data collected and processed by third parties, we are not in a position to provide binding information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your personal data.For further information regarding the scope and purpose of such processing of your personal data, please consult the privacy statements of the providers whose services and/or content we include and who are responsible for the protection of your personal data in this context:Facebook share buttonTwitter share buttonYouTube videos
Information on side effects and quality complaintsThe Website is not intended or designed for communications regarding side effects, lack of therapeutic effect, medication errors, grey market products/counterfeit medicine, incorrect or off-label use, quality complaints and/or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products. If you wish to report side effects or make a quality complaint, please contact your health care professional (e.g. physician or pharmacist), your local health authority, or use this link to a Website for the reporting of undesirable side effects.If you nevertheless report to us undesirable side effects or other issues regarding the safeness or quality of Bayer products, we will be legally bound to deal with your communication and may have to contact you for clarification purposes. Subsequently, we may have to notify the competent health authorities of the issues reported by you. In this context, your information will be forwarded in pseudonymised form, i.e. no information by which you may be directly identified will be passed on. We may also have to forward these pseudonymised notifications to our group companies and cooperation partners, to the extent these are likewise obliged to notify their respectively competent health authorities.
Transfer of personal data for commissioned processingFor the processing of your personal data we will to some extent use specialised service contractors. Such service contractors are carefully selected and regularly monitored by us. Based on respective data processor agreements, they will only process personal data upon our instruction and strictly in accordance with our directives.
Transfer of data to third partiesWe share your personal data with the following third parties for the following purpose:
Third Party
Scope and purpose of transfer
Legal grounds
DV360
We will use the pixel for optimisation
of consideration/conversion driving
activity to site metrics. We will also
use it to create Look-a-Like modelling
from site visitors as an additional
targeting capability
Consent
Campaign Manager
We will use it to report onsite actions
driven by Digital Media Activity
tracked within Bayer Google
Marketing Platform
Consent
Facebook
We will use the pixel for optimisation
of consideration/conversion driving
activity to site metrics. We will also
use it to create Look-a-Like modelling
from site visitors as an additional
targeting capability.
Consent
Processing of personal data outside the EU / the EEAYour personal data will in part also be processed in countries outside the European Union (“EU”) or the European Economic Area (“EEA”), which may have a lower data protection level than European countries. In such cases, we will ensure that a sufficient level of protection is provided for your personal data, e.g. by concluding specific agreements with our contractual partners (copy available on request), or we will ask for your explicit consent to such processing.
Information regarding your rightsThe following rights are in general available to you according to applicable data privacy laws:Right of information about your personal data stored by us;Right to request the correction, deletion or restricted processing of your personal data;Right to object to a processing for reasons of our own legitimate interest, public interest, or profiling, unless we are able to prove that compelling, warranted reasons superseding your interests, rights and freedom exist, or that such processing is done for purposes of the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims;Right to data portability;Right to file a complaint with a data protection authority; andYou may at any time with future effect withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data. For further information please refer to the chapters above describing the processing of personal data based on your consent.If you wish to exercise your rights, please address your request to the contact indicated below.
ContactFor any questions you may have with respect to data privacy, please write an e-mail to dataprotection-uk-eire@bayer.com or contact our company data protection officer at the following address:Data Protection Officer Legal and Compliance Department Bayer plc 400 South Oak Way Green Park READING Berkshire RG2 6AD
Amendment of Privacy StatementWe may update our Privacy Statement from time to time. Updates of our Privacy Statement will be published on the Website. Any amendments become effective upon publication on the Website. We therefore recommend that you regularly visit the site to keep yourself informed on possible updates. Last updated: 01.08.2020.