http://www.bfr.com/furniture-rental/brook-furniture-rental/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Toggle navigation
FOR HOME (current)
FOR HOME
FOR OFFICE
WHY BROOK
WHY RENT
LOGIN
LOCATIONS
FOR OFFICE
WHY BROOK
WHY RENT
LOGIN
LOCATIONS
Brook Furniture Rental's Privacy Policy
Information about our Organization
This site is owned and operated by Brook Furniture Rental, Inc. At Brook Furniture Rental, we want to make your experience online satisfying. This privacy policy only applies to Brook's Furniture Rental online activities. Because we gather certain types of information about the visitors to our website, you should fully understand our policy surrounding the gathering and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. YOUR USE OF THE WWW.BFR.COM, WWW.CAPITALTRANSITIONSONLINE.COM, BROOKSFURNITURERENTAL.COM, BROOKSFURNITURE.NET, BROOKFURNITURERENTAL.NET, RENTFURNITURE.NET, BROOKFURNITURE.NET, BROOKFURNITURE.COM, BROOKRENTALFURNITURE.COM, BROOKSFURNITURE.COM, 4U2RENT.COM, FURNITURE-RENTAL.NET, and WWW.HOMESTAGINGONLINE.COM WEB SITES, (COLLECTIVELY, "WEB SITES"), INDICATES YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AND YOUR AGREEMENT TO THE TERMS OF THIS WEB SITE AND THE PRIVACY POLICY SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT USE ANY OF THE BROOK FURNITURE RENTAL WEB SITES.
Information We Collect
In general, you can visit the Brook Furniture Rental Web Sites without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address, (where possible) from which people visit us, but not the e-mail address, and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are. There are times (for example, when you request a furniture rental quote, etc.) at which we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, rental address, billing address, telephone number, email address, cell phone and fax number. We also maintain a record of your online product requests. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to rent products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site.  We also collect non-identifiable information through the Brook Furniture Rental Web Sites, including your time of visit to the web site, as well as certain preferences you have expressed regarding our products.
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. Cookies are small bits of data that are deposited on a user's hard drive. Cookies permit users to store their password and other user information without having to constantly re-enter this data. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. Brook Furniture Rental uses cookies to track visitor usage. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. Brook may also use IP addresses for certain functions on the Brook Web Sites.
Use of Your Information
We use the personally identifiable information you provide for internal purposes, such as confirming your rental request, analyzing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about Brook Furniture Rental. From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as our marketing partners, advertisers or other third parties for research purposes. In such cases we might share and cross-reference information, including personally identifiable information about you that will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you. You may choose not to have your information shared with these third-parties by opting-out. If you choose to opt out, Brook will not disclose your personal information to third-parties for marketing purposes. You will also not receive direct mail, telephone or e-mail solicitations for products or services from Brook or third-parties based upon information you provide to Brook Furniture Rental if you opt out.
To opt out, please contact Brook Furniture Rental according to the following information and indicate that you would like to opt out of Brook Furniture Rental sharing your information with a third party and that you do not want to receive solicitations from Brook Furniture Rental. Please contact us at:
Brook Furniture Rental, Inc.100 Field Drive, Suite 220Lake Forest, Illinois 60045United States 1-877-285-RENT (7368)Monday – Friday, 7:30 AM to 8:00 PM CSTSaturday, 10:00 AM to 6:00 PM CST Sunday, 10:30 AM to 6:00 PM CST brookconcierge@bfr.com
We may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. We may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party if we file for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of Brook Furniture Rental in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.
Children's Privacy
Brook Furniture Rental does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. Children are not permitted to use any Brook Furniture Rental Web Site or services, and Brook requests that children under the age of 18 not submit any personally identifiable information to any Brook Furniture Rental Web Site. Since information regarding children under the age of 18 is not collected, Brook Furniture Rental does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 18.
Third Party Web Sites
Our Web Sites may contain links to other third party Web sites (such as those of our marketing partners), which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these Web sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any Web site that you may access through our Web Sites.
Confidentiality / Security
Brook Furniture Rental takes appropriate steps to ensure data privacy and security including through various hardware and software methodologies. However, Brook Furniture Rental cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online.
Your Consent
If you choose to visit Brook Furniture Rental Web Sites, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and Terms and Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the State of Illinois. If you have any concern about privacy at the Brook Web Sites please send us a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. This Notice and the Terms and Conditions of Use may change from time to time and use of information we gather now is subject to the Notice in effect at the time of use. You should check our Web Sites frequently to see recent changes.
Effective Date: December 29, 2005
Close
Contact Us