http://www.imcclains.com/orderinfo.html#privacy
McClain's Printmaking Supplies
VIEW CART
CONTACT US
ABOUT US
REQUEST A CATALOG
GALLERY
CALENDAR & LINKS
NEWSLETTERS
Facebook
Instagram
ONLINE CATALOG
Baren & Presses
Blocks & Plates
Books
Brayers
Brushes
Carving Tools
Clean Up
DVDs
Engraving Tools
Ink
Kits & Sets
McClain's Swag
Paper
Safety
Whetstones, Sharpeners
Woodblock Tools
Index
SALE
GIFT CERTIFICATES
Purchase
Redeem
TEACHERS
VOLUME DISCOUNTS
TOOL SHARPENING
LEARNING CENTER
CUSTOMER SERVICE
General Shipping Info
McClain's Shipping Policy
International Shipping
Will Call
Privacy Policy
Guarantee
Download McClain's Catalog
UPS and the USPS (US Postal Service) base their rates on the weight and size of the box. McClain's
charges what the carrier charges us plus a packaging fee based on the weight of the package. This
fee ranges from $1.00 for padded envelopes and Priority Mail packaging, $3.00 for 1-5lb boxes, $4.00
for 6-9lb boxes, $5.00 for 10-19lb boxes and so on up to $16.00 for 60 – 70lb boxes. An extra $1.00
is added to these fees when we ship paper to cover the cost of the extra packaging required to protect
it.
The shipping charges shown on the online checkout page are estimates and they are usually quite high.
We ignore the estimates and charge the actual rate plus packaging. If your shipping charges are 20%
more than the estimate, or greater than the value of your order, we will contact you before shipping.
UPS, USPS or “Least Expensive:” If you want us to use UPS or the USPS specifically,
choose the method you prefer and we will use that shipping method, regardless of cost. Or leave the
choice on “least expensive.” You will not see a shipping estimate with this option. We will check
all of the possible options after we pack your order and go with the least expensive one for you.
Shipping Choice Request: If you would like to know your shipping choices before
we send out your order, ask us to send them to you in the box marked “Special Instructions” on the
second page of the shopping cart and we will email your choices to you as soon as we pack your order
and know the weight of the box. Nothing will be charged to your credit card until we have your answer.
Oversized Wood (24" x 32" or larger): UPS considers packages this large to be oversize
and shipping will most likely be more than the estimate, which is based on weight alone. If you need
to know the actual amount before we ship your order, please request this information in the box marked
"Special Instructions" on the second page of the shopping cart, or call or email us.
We will not contact you with this information unless you ask us to do so.
Paper: Because shipping rates are now based on both weight and box dimensions, the
cost of shipping paper has gone up because of the long boxes. If you need to know the actual amount
before we ship your order, please request this information in the box marked "Special Instructions"
on the second page of the shopping cart, or call or email us. We will not contact you with
this information unless you ask us to do so.
Shipping Schedule
Orders are shipped Monday through Friday. We try to ship all orders within 48 hours. If you have
a deadline and need your supplies by a specific date, please let us know in the box marked "Special
Instructions" on the second page of the shopping cart and we will do our best to make sure your order
arrives in time.
Shipping Carriers
McClain's will ship your order by either USPS or UPS.
US Postal Service: This is almost always the least expensive choice for lightweight
packages. We use Express or Priority Mail envelopes and boxes as much as possible and pass the savings
along to you. Our online shipping estimator cannot tell if the items ordered will fit into Postal
Service packaging so Priority Mail estimates are often high. We do not use the estimate. Instead
we use what the Postal Service charges us plus the packaging fee (see the first paragraph above).
Alaska, Hawaii and Puerto Rico: We ship by Priority Mail because the rates are significantly
lower than those of UPS. We can also ship your order by Parcel Select, however delivery times can
be very long to these destinations. If you would like us to use Parcel Select if it is less expensive,
regardless of delivery time, please ask us to do so in the box marked "Special Instructions" on the
second page of the shopping cart.
UPS
UPS: This is almost always the least expensive choice for heavier packages. Packages
can be located easily through the UPS tracking system plus UPS guarantees the delivery date, then
delivers on-time very consistently.
Schools, Colleges and Universities: We almost always ship by UPS because someone
signs for the package, making it easy to locate. We may use Priority Mail for small, lightweight
orders and if we do, a signature will be required.
• PLEASE NOTE: UPS cannot deliver to PO Box numbers, so please send us your street address if you
choose UPS shipping.
• If you request that the UPS driver delivers the package without getting a signature, we will honor
your request. However, in doing so you are accepting liability for the loss of the package. Neither
UPS nor McClain's will reimburse you should the package be lost or stolen.
If you decide to have your order delivered to a different address after it has been shipped, UPS
can locate the package and make this change. Doing so will add several days onto the delivery time
and you will be charged $16.50, the same amount that UPS charges us for this service.
The map below shows the number of business days it takes packages going by Ground UPS
to arrive in your part of the U.S. If you need your package delivered sooner, we can ship by 3-Day Select, 2-Day UPS
or Next Day Air.
Shipping By A Different Carrier
If you wish us to use a carrier other than UPS or U.S. Mail, let us know that you will be using a
different carrier in the box labeled "Special Instructions" in the shopping cart. Our normal packing
fee will be charged but you will not be charged for shipping. We will let you know when the package
is ready to be picked up. Send a request to your carrier asking them to pick up the package using
a return shipping label (DHL calls this service "Pickup and Return on Demand" (PROD) and FedEx calls
it "Express Tag"). If you want us to handle the paperwork from these other companies for you, there
is an additional $10 handling fee for this service.
International Shipping
McClain's ships to countries around the world. For more information about international shipping,
please click here.
Will Call
This service is suspended until further notice due to CORVID-19 health concerns at PNCA. Thank you
for your patience and understanding.
If you are in or near Portland, Oregon, you can arrange to pick up your order at PNCA (Pacific Northwest
College of Art) in the Pearl District. Orders will be left at the Library. There is a $3.00 charge
per package to cover packaging and delivery to PNCA. Will call orders must be placed before 5:00
on Tuesday. Orders will be available for pick-up on Thursday of each week, no exceptions. As a courtesy
to PNCA, orders must be picked up within one week after delivery. If they have not been picked up
by the time we deliver orders the next week, we will bring your order back and contact you for shipping instructions.
To place your Will Call order, call 503-641-3555 (local) or 800-832-4264. Or, if you are ordering
on the internet, choose "Shipping Method: Will Call - PNCA, Portland, Oregon" on the first page of
the shopping cart.
PNCA is at 511 NW Broadway, Portland, OR 97209. A link to a map can be found at the bottom of this
page: pnca.edu. You will need to sign in at the front desk inside
the main entrance (facing Park Avenue) to enter the building. The Library is located just to the
left of the front desk. The PNCA Library's hours vary depending upon the time of year. Their open
hours can be found at library.pnca.edu.
Payment Options
Orders are not shipped until payment is received unless other arrangements have been made in advance.
Credit and Debit Cards
We accept VISA, MasterCard, American Express and Discover credit and debit cards. We do not accept PayPal.
Check or Money Order
If you wish to pay by check or money order, please email or call us with your order. We will pack
the order and contact you with the total due including shipping. We accept checks or money orders
in U.S. dollars. A $15 refiling fee is assessed on checks returned from the bank for insufficient
funds.
Invoices
Purchase orders are accepted from established businesses and institutions. Please contact us for
quotes. We invoice on the day of shipping. Terms are Net 30 from date of invoice. Shipping is F.O.B.
McClain's, Beaverton, OR. After 30 days any unpaid balance will be considered delinquent and subject
to a financial charge of 1.5% per month (18% APR). Over 60 days, a rebilling fee of $5.00 is added
to the total due.
Backorders
Occasionally we have to backorder an item. You are not charged for the item until it is shipped and
no additional shipping is charged on backordered items shipped within the U.S. We automatically ship
backorders that can be filled within one month of the order being placed. After that, we will call
you before shipping.
Please click here for our policy regarding backorders shipped internationally.
Returns and Exchanges
Authorization is not required if you decide to return or exchange an item. Simply choose from the
following options:
1) Package and return the item to us, including a note inside the package telling us if you would
like an exchange or refund. Ship to McClain's Printmaking Supplies, PO Box 230759,
Tigard, OR
97281-0759. We will take care of your request as soon as we receive the package.
2) For faster service, place an order for the replacement item(s) through our web site or call
800-832-4264 (U.S. or Canada) or 503-641-3555 (local or international). We will charge you for the
new order and try our best to ship it to you within 48 hours. If you have a deadline and need your
order to be shipped sooner, please let us know in the box marked "Special Instructions" in the shopping
cart and we will do our best to get your order to you in time. Send back the original item, including
a note telling us if you would like a credit or refund. When we receive your return, we will either
issue the refund or credit your account for the cost of the original item.
Our obligation is limited to the cost of the item; shipping costs are not covered. A restocking fee
equal to 10% of the value of the item will be charged for items returned after three months.
Correcting Mistakes
Occasionally we make a mistake filling an order. If this happens to you, please phone or email us
and we will take care of the problem immediately. If a return or exchange has to be made because
of our mistake, all shipping costs will be covered.
It is a good idea to open and inspect your order when you receive it. If an item has been damaged
in shipping, please keep the item and save all packaging materials. Call or email us right away.
McClain's Guarantee
In our catalog and instructions sheets we do our best to inform you about the care and use of our
products. All merchandise is carefully inspected upon arrival and again when it is packaged to fill
your order. We take extra care packing our products for shipping and welcome any suggestions that
might improve our methods.
We sincerely want you to be fully satisfied with any product you receive from us. If you are not
satisfied with an item, please contact us and arrange to return it within a reasonable time for exchange
or a full refund in the manner of the original payment.
The only exception to this policy is paper. Due to the fragile nature of paper and the possibility
of damage, we cannot accept returns. We strongly recommend purchasing a
Washi Sample Book or one or two sheets of paper to test before
buying a large quantity so you know the paper you are purchasing is satisfactory.
The hard steel blades on Japanese tools can chip or break due to inexperience or carving habits acquired
from using poor quality or dull tools. The smallest sizes are especially vulnerable to breaking because
there is not a lot of metal there. Misuse is the responsibility of the person using the tool, but
if you feel that there might be a defect, please contact us. We will ask you to return the tool to
us for repair or replacement.
Our obligation is limited to the cost of the item. Shipping costs are not covered. A restocking fee
equal to 10% of the value of the item will be charged for items returned after three months. Please
note we are not responsible for damage caused by misuse or abuse of these products.
Your Privacy Rights
We appreciate the trust you place in McClain's Printmaking Supplies, and we are committed to respecting
your privacy and the security of your personal information. Our mailing list and email address list
are not for sale and are never shared with any other company, organization or individual. We will
never release information about you to anyone for any reason without your express permission.
Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, email address and, when necessary,
credit card information) when you:
Place an order from our catalog or on our website
Return an item or make an exchange
Request a catalog or send an email asking for information about our products
Subscribe to our Email Newsletter
We maintain the data that you provide us, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure,
password-protected database. Credit card information is deleted from the database as soon as your
order is shipped.
How We Use Email
When you provide us with your email address while placing an order online, our cart server will send
you an email confirming your order. We also ask for an email address when you place an order by phone.
After packing your order, we will email you a copy of the Sales Receipt or Invoice showing the total
amount of your order including shipping. UPS or the US Postal Service will send you an email with
the shipping date and package tracking information. If for some reason they are unable to contact
you, you may receive that information from us in another email. We may also email you if it is necessary
to process your order, respond to a request or provide customer service.
Your Choices
We offer you choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive
email communications from McClain's, call us at 800-832-4264 or email us at
mail@imcclains.com and
let us know. Please include your first and last name and mailing address in the message. If you no
longer wish to receive our email Newsletter, you can unsubscribe using the link provided in each
edition of the Newsletter.
If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again
and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
Thank you again for the trust and support you give to McClain's. We appreciate it very much.
McClain's Printmaking Supplies
PO Box 230759
Tigard, OR
97281-0759
www.imcclains.com
mail@imcclains.com
Home |
View Cart |
Contact |
About |
Request a Catalog |
Gallery |
Calendar & Links |
Newsletters