http://www.bordexwineracks.com/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions – Bordex Wine Racks
Skip to content
Australian makers of innovativewine storage and display systems
Contact Us
Direct: 0414 275 411
HomeAbout usShop DIY Accessories Custom Made Wine Racks Refrigerated Wine Cabinets CommercialCustom RacksFAQInstallationContact UsAssemblyLatest Projects
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Bordex Wine Racks Pty Ltd respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. The purpose of our Privacy Policy is to outline the information Bordex Wine Racks Pty Ltd may collect and how we may use that information.Bordex Wine Racks Pty Ltd only collects personally identifiable information about you (i.e. your name, address etc.) through our website when voluntarily submitted by you, the visitor.Visitors may choose to submit personal information to obtain information or submit a comment. Providing personal information is up to you, the visitor. If you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it to us. We also offer visitors an "opt-out" option at any time they wish to cease receiving emails or other information from us.With three limited exceptions, you can visit the Bordex website without providing any personal information. The only exceptions occur when you: *	subscribe to our free e-mail newsletter service*	send us an e-mail message *	purchase a wine rack or accessories via our website Outside of those limited circumstances, we do not gather or retain information regarding the identity of people who visit our site. And, even in those circumstances, we do NOT share that information with anyone. All rates listed on the Bordex website are in AU$.
Credit Cards
Bordex Wine Racks Pty Ltd takes the issue of your privacy seriously. Your credit card details are not stored on this website. We will not share your credit card information with anyone else.To protect the security of your credit card information, we employ the industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. We also encrypt your credit card number when we store your order and whenever we transfer that information to participating merchants. If paying via credit card our merchant trading name is "Professional Online Marketing" This will be the name listed on your credit card statements.
No unlawful or prohibited use
As a condition of your use of this web site, you warrant to Bordex Wine Racks Pty Ltd that you will not use this web site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices.
Copyright
All material on this site is copyright © Bordex Wine Racks Pty Ltd except where specifically stated otherwise. Visitors may read, view, print and download one hard copy of the material for their personal, non-commercial use only.Visitors may not copy, distribute, sell, publish, display, transmit, reproduce or decompile any part of the material by any means (electronic or not) or for any purpose include it in any derivative works.
Refund & Delivery
Please note, Bordex Wine Racks will endeaver to deliver your wine rack in the noninated time period usually within 10-14 days. In the event that we are unable to satisfy the agreed delivery terms Bordex will provide a full refund as required. Also if your goods are damaged beyond reasonable onsite repair, we will provide a replacement order within the agreed time frame as above.
Bordex Wine Racks Online
Box 6549 Halifax Street
Adelaide South Australia 5000
Email: sales@bordexwineracks.com
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
BORDEX is a registered Trade Mark © 2018 Bordex - Buy genuine BORDEX