http://www.justflutes.com/content/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to site search, contact, help
Skip to footer navigation
From Thursday 3 December our showroom is open by appointment.Book an appointment
Call Us: 020 8662 8400
Receive for ChristmasLast Posting Dates
Free Deliveryon all UK Orders& Overseas Orders over £1000
Extended Returnsto 10 January 2021Exclusions apply
Share
Tweet
Home
Policies Privacy and GDPR
Privacy and GDPR
Our aim is to provide you with an online experience which is easy to use and full of useful features. You can access all of our site without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes, however, we need to ask you for personal information to help us carry out our services. It's important to us that you feel comfortable sharing this information with us; this Privacy Policy explains how we may collect and use your personal data.
Personal Information We May Collect
We collect the minimum amount of personal data to perform our services. Our key services are listed below:
Contacting us We will ask you for your name along with your email address or phone number so that we can respond to your message. We may also collect other information, such as your IP address and browser software, to assist us in answering your message and as part of our fraud screening.
Placing an order We will ask for information such as your name, address, phone number and email address. We require your phone number in case we or our courier need to contact you about the status of your order. We may collect your IP address as part of our fraud screening process.
Creating an account We give you the option to create an account, which stores your personal information (name, email address, address(es), phone number(s)) to allow you to check out quickly. We do not store your payment details, but may store a token linking your account to card details stored by Opayo, allowing even faster checkout.
Teacher Directory, Events, Ensembles We offer these advertising services free of charge. Any information you enter (except your email address) may be shown publicly on the Internet, so we are unable to prevent or control further use of this information. Please bear this in mind when sharing any information about yourself. You are able to delete this information at any time in your account, when your information will be removed from our website but may remain available on users' devices if they have saved it. Additionally, search engines may show a cached version of the page for some time after it is deleted.
Use, Transfer and Retention of your Personal Information, and Withdrawing Consent
In addition to providing our services as outlined above, we may use your personal information in the following ways:
We may share your details with GDPR-compliant third parties that provide services related to fulfilling your order:
We will share your delivery address with a GDPR-compliant delivery company in order that they can provide delivery your order. This may include your phone number and/or email address, so they can send you tracking emails and order updates. This data is shared with 128-bit SSL encryption.
If you are paying by credit or debit card, your payment is made via Opayo's secure servers. We transfer your name, address, email address and phone number to Opayo encrypted with 128-bit SSL certificates. Opayo is GDPR compliant and their privacy policy is available to view online.
Finance applications are made via GDPR-compliant third parties selected by Jonathan Myall Music. We may collect your name and email address to pass on to the third party with 128-bit SSL encryption, in order that they can generate an application form for you. Privacy policies for these third parties are available to view on their respective websites.
Rent to Buy applications are processed by a GDPR-compliant third party, who will use the data we collect and transfer to them via 128-bit SSL encryption (name, address, phone number, date of birth and three years' address history) to perform a reference check.
Some orders may be fulfilled by a third party seller: in such cases, your name, email address and delivery address may be shared with the third party for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order.
With your explicit consent, we may send you email newsletters or stock alerts, with news or products which we believe may interest you. We may share your order activity with third parties to produce targeted content. You can withdraw consent at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in these emails or by editing your communication preferences in your account.
With your explicit consent, we may send you direct mail by post. You can withdraw consent at any time by contacting us or by editing your communication preferences in your account.
If you are logged in, with your explicit consent, we may send encrypted data about how you use our website to Google Analytics. This anonymised data is used to improve the service we offer to you and cannot be used by ourselves or Google to personally identify you. It is automatically updated after 36 months of no activity on your account.
If you have added items to your basket and (i) are signed in or (ii) have entered an email address, but have not checked out, we may send you an email reminding you to complete your order.
We may use your email address to keep you informed with changes to the website which may affect you or the use of our service.
We may use Google AdWords and Facebook remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including but not limited to Google and Facebook) to previous visitors to our site. This means that we can advertise to previous visitors who haven’t finished completing a task on our site, such as completing their order. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network.Third parties, including Google, may also use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to our website. If you have a Google account, Google may link your browsing history with that account to provide personalise ads - you can opt out of this in your Google account. Any data collected will be used in accordance with the third party's privacy policy.
You can opt out of seeing Remarketing Ads at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
Except as detailed above, we won't share your personal information with any third parties except in the following circumstances:
When we may be required to do so by law
When we believe that such action is necessary to:
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on Jonathan Myall Music;
protect and defend the rights or property of Jonathan Myall Music
act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Jonathan Myall Music, its websites, or the public.
Viewing, Changing and Deleting your Personal Information
If you are a registered user, you can view and update the personal information we hold for you by accessing your account. Please be sure to update your personal information if it is incomplete or inaccurate.
You can close your account at any time by clicking on "Account Details" from within your account.
We may retain some information from closed accounts in order to comply with law, prevent fraud, assist with investigations, resolve disputes, analyze, or troubleshoot programs, enforce our Terms of Use, or take other actions permitted by law.
Security of your Personal Information
We strictly protect the security of your personal information and honour your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Jonathan Myall Music is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office under the provisions of the 1998 Data Protection Act and our registration number is Z7387441. In the event of a data breach, in line with GDPR regulations we will inform the ICO within 72 hours of being made aware of such a breach. Please read our Security Policy for further information.
Protection of Children’s Personal Information
We do not publish content that is targeted to children. Obviously, if your child places an order online we will store their information. We do not store details of any user's age.
External Websites
We may display links to third party websites. Please note that we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for the privacy policies of such websites. You should always read the privacy policy of a website to find out more about how they may collect and process your personal information.
Changes to this Policy
From time to time, as our services evolve, we may update this Policy. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on the website. We will also update the 'Last Updated' date on this page. Please check this page frequently for updates.
Further Information
We welcome your comments and questions regarding this policy. Please contact us or write to us:Adam CliffordJonathan Myall Music46 South EndCROYDONCR0 1DPUKJonathan Myall Music is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office under the provisions of the 1998 Data Protection Act and our registration number is Z7387441.
Last updated: 02/10/2020