http://www.bicyclebuys.com/privacy-policy
1-888-4 Bike Buy
888-424-5328
Free shipping on orders over $60*
* Some exclusions apply
Free shipping on orders over $60*
* Some exclusions apply
Toggle navigation
We Cycle The World
Home
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
info@bicyclebuys.com
Bicyclebuys.com Commitment to Your Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our
commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with
the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers and
partners. The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how
we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide
to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our
site and our products and services. This statement will be
continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices
and our customers' needs. Bicyclebuys, LLC which operates
Bicyclebuys.com, is the sole owner of the information collected on
www.Bicyclebuys.com.
Information We Collect
We request information from the user on our order form. This
information includes contact information (such as name, email, and
shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card
number, expiration date). This information is used for billing
purposes, as well as filling customer's orders and sending the
customer a catalog/e-mail advertisement. If we have trouble
processing an order, the information is also used to contact the
user. When visiting our Web site you may provide us with two types
of information: personal information you knowingly choose to
disclose that is collected on an individual basis. We also collect
information on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web
site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide: Credit Card
Information, Name, Mailing address, Email address, Credit card number,
Home and business phone number, Other personal information (i.e.
alternate shipping addresses, alternate names), Email Information.
In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you
choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain
the content of your email messages together with your email address
and our responses. We provide the same protections for these
electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of
information received by mail and telephone.
Web Site Use Information
As with other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a
standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What
Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how
our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web
server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages
viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just
before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on
an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you
as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
We use personal information for purposes of administering our
business activities, providing customer service and making available
other products and services to our customers and prospective
customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect
to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services
and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used
to send you product and service offers are developed and managed
under our traditional corporate standards designed to safeguard the
security and privacy of our customers' personal information. As a
customer, you can always elect to opt out of these announcements by
contacting us via
info@bicyclebuys.com or
888-424-5328.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web
servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies
are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on
the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user
accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with
that Web site by the same user or to use the information to
streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes
it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to
complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should
make your online experience easier and more personalized. Once you
close your browser, we do not use cookies to store any of your
personal or financial information on your computer. If you block
cookies on your browser privacy settings, you can always place your
order by
at 888-424-3258,
631-673-2211.
Information We Use Collected From Cookies
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web
server logs to gather information about our Web site users' browsing
activities, in order to constantly improve our Web site and better
serve our customers. This information assists us to design and
arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to
continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our
customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical
statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths
followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to
another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our
Web site and evaluate our Web site's visitor capacity. We do not use
these technologies to capture your individual email address or any
personally identifying information about you although they do permit
us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such
responses to you.
Sharing Information
We do not share your information. We do not sell our customer
lists to third party advertisers.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so,
in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law
requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
There are instances in which we will share users' personal
information as required by Law.
Legal Disclaimer concerning Subpoenas and other
matters
We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by
law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to:
a.
comply with the law or with legal process;  b. protect and
defend our rights and property;  c. protect against misuse
or unauthorized use of our website;  d. protect the personal
safety or property of our users or the public (among other things,
this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose
as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of
any investigation into your actions).
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When you send confidential personal credit card information to
us on our Web site, a secure server encrypts all information you
input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route
and decoded once it reaches our Web site. All orders are processed
using SSL, the highest industry standard for encrypting and securing
data over the web. We are compliant with the latest industry PCI
requirements for processing credit card transactions over the Web.
We also limit access to customer information to a select group of
personnel who need to fulfill specific jobs (i.e. billing, customer
service representative helping you place an order).
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless
we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your
transmitting the information. Please do not send confidential
information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through
an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We utilize encryption security software to safeguard the
confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized
access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Information Protection Practices
Our operations and business practices are constantly reviewed
for compliance with corporate policies, industry standards and
procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of
our information.
Employee Training and Expectations
We are committed to the protections of our customers
information. Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and
practices are constantly expressed to our staff.
Our employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy
practices. Any time new policies are added, our employees are
notified on the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do
to ensure our users' information is protected. Our servers that
store personally identifiable information are in a secure
environment that is locked and alarmed.
Information Disclosed to Outside Parties Third Party
Intermediaries
We use an outside shipping company (Fedex, USPS, UPS) to ship
orders, and a credit card processing company to validate charges for
goods. We use an e-mail processor and internet service provider to
handle transfer of data over the Web. These companies have agreed
with us that they do not retain, share, store or use personally
identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Breaches of Security
We are not responsible for any breach of security caused by
third parties or for any actions of any third parties that receive
the information. We also may link to other websites or we may allow
to be displayed on The Site advertisements of third parties. We are
not responsible for such third party's privacy policies or how they
treat information about their customers.
Children's Privacy Protection
This site is directed towards those over 18 years of age, not
towards children, minors or anyone under the age of 18.
Please do not send us any information about anyone under the
age of 18, like names, addresses or email addresses. We do not
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from those
under 18, nor do we wish too. In the event of sending a product to a
minor, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to
collection. In the case that we learn we have collected any personal
information from a child under the age of 18 without verification of
parental consent, we will delete that information from our database
as soon as possible.
Normal Business Transitions
In the event Bicyclebuys.com goes through a business
transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or
selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will,
in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. If as a result
of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable
information will be used in a manner different from that stated at
the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our
notification of changes section.
Store Hours
We are open 7 days a week.
Mon-Fri 10am to 7pm Eastern Standard Time.
Saturday 10am to 6pm EST,
Sunday 11am to 5pm EST.
Information
Home
Shipping
Privacy Policy
Store Info
Customer Service
View Cart
Terms & Conditions
Subscribe for Saving
Bicyclebuys.com will process any manufacturers warranty on any product we sell.
Warranty claims need to be made to customer support at bicyclebuys.com.
All warranty claims will be assessed based on the manufacturer's guidelines.
BicycleBuys.com
2020 All rights reserved.
1-888-4-Bike-Buy
1-888-424-5328
non-US residents 1-631-673-2211
E-mail your questions to
info@bicyclebuys.com
1-888-4-Bike-Buy
1-888-424-5328
non-US residents
1-631-673-2211
E-mail your questions to info@bicyclebuys.com
Bicyclebuys.com will process any manufacturers warranty on any product we sell.
Warranty claims need to be made to customer support at bicyclebuys.com.
All warranty claims will be assessed based on the manufacturer's guidelines.
BicycleBuys.com
2020 All rights reserved.