http://www.clothdiaper.com/pages/privacy-at-clothdiaper-com
Search
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Menu
Cart 0
Cloth Diapers
+
-
Prefolds
Fitteds
Flats
All in Ones
Pockets / AI2's
Diaper Covers
Swim Diapers
Organic Diapering
Diaper Accessories
+
-
Pails & Laundry Bags
Wipes
Laundry
Liners and Inserts
Pins and Fasteners
Bed Protectors
Package Deals
+
-
All Package Deals
Prefold Diaper Packages
+
-
Trial Prefold Packages
Economy Prefold Packages
Basic Prefold Packages
Grande Prefold Packages
Economy Flat Packages
Buttons Trial Packages
Accessory Packages
Potty Training
Burps & Gifts
Customer Service
+
-
F.A.Q.
Contact Us
Shipping Info
Affiliate Marketing
Webstore Policies
Helpful Cloth Diapering Links
Privacy at Clothdiaper.com
Wholesale Information
Returns and Exchanges at clothdiaper.com
Legal Notices
Shop by Brand
+
-
Thirsties
Gerber
OsoCozy
+
-
Prefolds
Flats
OsoCozy AIO's & Fitteds
OsoCozy Wipes & Inserts
Pins & Accessories
OsoCozy Flat Diaper Packages
OsoCozy Economy Prefold Diaper Packages
OsoCozy Basic Prefold Diaper Packages
OsoCozy Grande Prefold Diaper Packages
Clearance Sale
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy at Clothdiaper.com
Privacy
We've invested in the most advanced online gateway security systems available to ensure that your personal information is protected when you order online. ClothDiaper.com uses SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and encryption technology so that no one can intercept your personal and financial information. All information you submit online, including credit card numbers, is safe, secure and completely private.
We also never send anything to your home that you don't specifically request. When you place an order we may include a brochure or an announcement of a new product inside the package but we never send sales literature or anything except an order to your home.
Email Privacy – We Don't SPAM
When you provide an eMail address to ClothDiaper.com, an automated eMail order confirmation is sent. This is to provide you with a chance to review your order to correct any mistakes or typos. When your order ships a second eMail is sent with your tracking number. The only other time we will use your e-mail address is if it is necessary to contact you in connection with your order, or occasionally a followup survey or notice of special offers. Sometimes we may contact you if there appears to be a typo in a shipping address, backorder status of an item or an invalid expiration date on a credit card. You will not receive any other e-mail from us unless you specifically request to be added to our subscription list.
Telephone Privacy – We Don't Call
Unless you have specifically asked us to call, we will we never contact you via telephone unless there is a problem with your order such as a back ordered item or a mistaken delivery address or credit card issue.
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the adultclothdiaper.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your account using the password you selected. You can also request that we delete your online account information at anytime. Your credit card information can be stored for future purchases or you can choose to enter it with each purchase. If you forgot your password please call us and we will provide a temporary password. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.