http://www.ride-engineering.com/terms.php
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE
USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and
use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and
other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions,
please do not use this site, purchase, or use any products herein.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Ride Engineering Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Ride Engineering Inc.. Copyright 2002, Ride Engineering Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Ride Engineering Inc. or purchasing Ride Engineering Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Ride Engineering Inc. or to purchase Ride Engineering Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Ride Engineering Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Ride Engineering Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Ride Engineering Inc.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or
implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Ride Engineering Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not
limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Ride Engineering Inc. does not represent or warrant
that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the
site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Ride Engineering Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the
materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations
or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Customer Agreement, Release and Assumption of Risk
In consideration of all products designed or sold by Ride Engineering, their agents, owners, officers, volunteers, participants, employees,
and all other persons or entities acting in any capacity on their behalf hereinafter collectively referred to as" RE"), I hereby agree to release, indemnify, and discharge RE, on behalf of myself, my spouse,
my children, my parents, my heirs, assigns, personal representative and estate as follows:
I acknowledge that my participation in riding motorcycles entails known and unanticipated risks that could result in physical or emotional
injury, paralysis, death, or damage to myself, to property, or to third parties. I understand that such risks simply cannot be eliminated without jeopardizing the essential qualities of the activity.
The risks include, among other things: equipment malfunction (specific or not specific to RE products), accidents involving other vehicles;
collision with fixed or movable objects; slips and falls; the possibility of rough terrain; drivers may be jolted, jarred, bounced, thrown about
and otherwise shaken during rides; it is possible that riders could be injured if they come into contact with other passengers, equipment,
or other objects; the condition of the track or terrain; injuries can be sustained from the trail, equipment or from items on the trail such
as holes, bumps, ruts, obstacles, tree limbs and branches or rocks; musculoskeletal injuries including head, neck, and back injuries; exhaustion;
exposure to the elements of the outdoors and natural surroundings which could cause hypothermia, hyperthermia (heat related illnesses), heat
exhaustion, sunburn, dehydration; exposure to potentially dangerous wild animals, insect bites, and hazardous plant life; further, passengers
can be thrown off their machine which can result in any of the above events occurring; collisions, and flipping over; accidents or illness
can occur in remote places without medical facilities; my own physical condition, and the physical exertion associated with this activity.
I expressly agree and promise to accept and assume all of the risks existing in this activity. My participation in this activity is purely voluntary, and I elect to participate in spite of the risks.
I hereby voluntarily release, forever discharge, and agree to indemnify and hold harmless RE from any and all claims, demands, or causes of
action, which are in any way connected with my participation in this activity or my use of RE's products including any such claims which allege negligent acts or omissions of RE.
Should RE or anyone acting on their behalf, be required to incur attorney's fees and costs to enforce this agreement, I agree to indemnify and hold them harmless for all such fees and costs.
I certify that I have adequate insurance to cover any injury or damage I may cause or suffer while participating, or else I agree to bear the
costs of such injury or damage myself. I further certify that I am willing to assume the risk of any medical or physical condition I may have.
In the event that I file a lawsuit against RE, I agree to do so solely in the state of California, and I further agree that the substantive
law of that state shall apply in that action without regard to the conflict of law rules of that state. I agree that if any portion of this agreement
is found to be void or unenforceable, the remaining document shall remain in full force and effect.
When purchasing a RE product, this document will be supplied to me and I acknowledge receipt of this document and I understand if anyone is
hurt or property is damaged during my participation in this activity I may be found by a court of law to have waived my right to maintain
a lawsuit against RE on the basis of any claim as mentioned herein.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Ride Engineering Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Ride Engineering Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Ride Engineering Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Ride Engineering Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination; Privacy
Ride Engineering Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Ride Engineering Inc.
About Ride Engineering’s Consumer Privacy Policy
Ride Engineering uses targeted advertising services from 3rd party providers “Providers”. When you visit a website operated by a Provider or a third party site where we could serve an ad to you, we may collect some or all of the data described in the this Service Privacy Notice. Our platform uses that data as well as other data described below to help Ride Engineering provide ads to you that are more relevant to you.
What data we collect and how we use it
We may collect the following categories of information for the purposes explained below.
Ride Engineering website activity: This is data about your browsing activity on our website. For example, which pages you visited and when, and what items you placed into your online shopping cart.
Device and browser information: This is technical information about the device or browser you use to access the Ride Engineering's website. For example, your device's IP address, cookie string data and (in the case of mobile devices) your device type and mobile device's unique identifier such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID.
Ad data: This is data about the online ads we have served (or attempted to serve) to you. It includes things like how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
Data from Advertising Partners: This is data that we receive from other digital advertising companies that we work with Ride Engineering to help us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices. This may include pseudonymous advertiser identifiers that some Advertising Partners or other third party ad platforms choose to share with us, such as your "Customer ID" with an Advertiser or an identifier associated with a hashed (not readable) version of your email address. We may work with these Advertising Partners to synchronize their unique, anonymous identifiers to our own to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device.
Hashed email addresses: If an Advertiser allows, we may collect hashed versions of the emails that are entered on Ride Engineering’s website. These hashed emails are used as an additional identifier to help us better target ads including across multiple devices or browsers.
We use this data to help our partners identify and serve ads to you that are more relevant to you. We also use this data to operate, improve and enhance our services including enhancing the data points we or our Advertising Partners have about a particular user, browser, or device, or to target, optimize, cap, or synchronize advertising.
Data Sharing
We may disclose information about you:
With an Advertising Partner: We may share information about how you have interacted with the Ride Engineering website or its Ads.
With our Service Providers: We contract with companies who help with parts of our business operations. We require that our service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us.
With service providers to our Advertising Partners: Our Advertising Partners may contract with companies who handle data (such as Ride Engineering customer lists) for them.
With our subsidiaries and related companies
Finally, we may disclose aggregated, anonymized information with other third parties.
Cookies and related technologies
The Ride Engineering web platform uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to provide a better user experience for our customers. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. They enable us to identify your device when you move between different websites and applications, so that we can serve targeted advertising to you.
Your choices and opting-out
We recognize how important your online privacy is to you, so we offer the following options for controlling the targeted ads you receive and how we use your data:
You can opt out of receiving targeted ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads. Please note that, if you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. Further, if you use multiple browsers or devices you will need to execute this opt out on each browser or device. If you opt-out we may collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes (such as fraud prevention) but it won't be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you
To opt out of receiving targeted ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications follow the below instructions, for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher: Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app > Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”
Opting out will not prevent you from seeing ads, but those ads will likely be less relevant because they won’t be tailored to your interests. The ads might, for instance, be randomly generated or based on the web page you are visiting.
Some internet browsers allow users to send a "Do Not Track" signal to websites they visit. We do not respond to this signal.
Notice
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Ride Engineering Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Ride Engineering Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Orange County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Ride Engineering Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Ride Engineering Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Ride Engineering Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Ride Engineering Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Ride Engineering Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Ride Engineering Inc., Ride Engineering Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Ride Engineering Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Ride Engineering Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
About us
Located in Costa Mesa California near the heart of the motorcycle industry, RIDE specializes in products that customize the motorcycle to optimize motorcycle performance while enhancing its appearance.
All products are made in the USA.
About Us
Careers
Catalog
Contact
Deal of the Week
Mailing List
©
Copyright 2001-2020 Ride Engineering, Inc.
Home
Products
Feedback
Terms & Conditions