http://www.superjeweler.com/cp/index/privacy-policy.html
Get In Touch
Track my Order
001-877-888-0175
Chat with us
Sign In / Sign Up
Clearance
Clearance
Clearance Sale
Clearance Rings
Clearance Engagement Rings
Clearance Earrings
Clearance Bracelets
Clearance Necklaces
Clearance Fashion Jewelry
Rings
Rings
For Her
Diamond Solitaire Rings
Halo Engagement Rings
Three Diamond Rings
Vintage Engagement Rings
Bridal Sets
Wedding Bands
Promise Rings
Two Stone Diamond Rings
Gemstone Rings
Right Hand Rings
Ladies Signet Rings
Name Rings
For Him
Men's Diamond Rings
Men's Gemstone Rings
Alternative Metal Rings
Men's Signet Rings
Men's Wedding Bands
Engagement
Engagement
Engagement Rings
Most Popular Engagement Rings
Round Diamond Solitaire Engagement Rings
Value Priced Diamond Engagement Rings
Shop By Diamond Shape
Shop By Diamond Size
Shop By Engagement Ring Style
Moissanite Engagement Rings
Wedding Rings
Wedding Bands
Diamond Wedding Rings
Diamond Eternity Bands
Silver Wedding Rings
Alternative Metal Wedding Rings
Earrings
Earrings
Diamond Earrings
Diamond Stud Earrings
Diamond Drop Earrings
Diamond Hoop Earrings
Black Diamond Earrings
Blue Diamond Earrings
Three Diamond Earrings
Other Earrings
Moissanite Earrings
Gemstone Earrings
Men's Hoop Earrings
Long Post Earrings
Gold & Silver Hoops
Gold Stud Earrings
Kids Earrings
Earring Jackets
Bracelets
Bracelets
Bracelets
Diamond Tennis Bracelet
Mens Tennis Bracelet
Gemstone Bracelet
Fine Gold Bracelet
Moissanite Bracelet
Fashion Bracelet
Gold Chains
Long & Short Diamond Bracelet
Kids Bracelet
Necklaces
Necklaces
Diamond Necklaces
Diamond Solitaire Necklaces
Diamonds By The Yard Necklaces
Diamond Journey Necklaces
Two Stone Diamond Necklaces
Diamond Tennis Necklaces
Name, Initials & Chains
Diamond Name Necklaces
Initial Necklaces
Gold Chains
Other Gold Necklaces
Other Necklaces
Moissanite Necklace
Gemstone Necklaces
Cross and Heart Necklaces
Pearl Necklaces
Fashion Necklaces
Gemstones
Gemstones
By Collection
Gemstone Rings
Gemstone Earrings
Gemstone Necklaces
Gemstone Bracelet
By Birthstone
Garnet - January
Amethyst - February
Aquamarine - March
Diamond - April
Emerald - May
Pearl - June
Ruby - July
Peridot - August
Sapphire - September
Opal - October
Citrine - November
Blue Topaz - December
Other Gemstones
Tanzanite
Mystic Topaz
Green Amethyst
Morganite
Turquoise
Pink Gemstones
Black Gemstones
Blue Gemstones
Green Gemstones
Purple Gemstones
Red Gemstones
Tahitian Pearls
Mens
Mens
Men's Rings
Men's Diamond Rings
Men's Signet Rings
Men's Gemstone Rings
Alternative Metal Rings
Other Men's Jewelry
Men's Bracelet
Mens Tennis Bracelet
Men's Diamond Earrings
Men's Necklaces
Men's Hoop Earrings
Cufflinks
USD ($)
AUD ($)
CAD ($)
EUR (€)
GBP (£)
NZD ($)
CHF (CHF)
JPY (¥)
MXN ($)
SEK (kr )
CNY (¥)
HKD ($)
Contact Us
Live Chat
877-888-0175
Blog
FAQ
About Us
Call Us
Sign In / Sign Up
Free Shipping
Lifetime Guarantee
60 Day Returns
About Us
Blog
FAQ
0
Clearance
Rings
Earrings
Necklaces
Bracelets
Engagement
Mens
Gemstones
Privacy Policy
Back
Home
Privacy Policy
Updated May 1, 2018
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for SuperJeweler.com. We are committed to protecting your privacy and encourage you to periodically review this page to be informed of how we protect the information you disclose to us.
This Privacy Policy explains what information SuperJeweler.com collects, why we collect this information, and how we use the information we collect as well as your rights and choices regarding such information. Our Privacy Policy applies to your use of any online service location that posts a link to this Privacy Policy and all features, content, and other services that we own, control, or make available.
By using the Service, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and to our collection, use, and disclosure practices and other activities as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree and consent, discontinue use of the Service.
SuperJeweler.com encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to learn about our privacy practices.
If you believe that SuperJeweler.com is not abiding by our posted privacy policy, please contact us at 1-877-888-0175 or e-mail us at sales@superjeweler.com.
Data Controller
EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”). SuperJeweler.com, located at the address in the section entitled “Contact Us” below, is the controller with respect to information you provide through the Service.
Information Collection and Use
SuperJeweler.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. SuperJeweler.com collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
My Account
When you make your first purchase on our site, you will be asked to create an account. By creating an account, the system will remember your personal and purchase information and the checkout process on future purchases will be fast, easy and always completely secure.
Creating an account is also fast and easy: simply enter your personal information once and select your very own username and password. Then during checkout on your next purchase, just login and the system will take care of the rest. At all times, your personal information is accessible to you to review, edit, or update as necessary by clicking on the "My Account" link.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form when making a purchase. Here is where a user must provide their contact information, like name and shipping address, and financial information, like credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer's order. If we have difficulty processing an order, this contact information is used to communicate with the customer.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. We use both session and persistent cookies. Usage of a cookie from our site is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users in the aggregate by analyzing popular areas and products to enhance future experiences on our site. Cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files, and only the web site that transferred a particular cookie to you can read, modify or delete such cookie. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there are simple procedures in most browsers that allow you to delete existing cookies, to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of particular cookies to your computer.
Usage Tracking
SuperJeweler.com's database tracks the traffic throughout our site. This information is used to compile overall statistics and is not recorded at an individual level. This includes IP (internet protocol) addresses, browser type, ISP (internet service provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and #of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate. The statistics help us decide which products and services best serve our members and guests.
Aggregate Information
Non-Personal or De-Identified Information. SuperJeweler.com uses non-personal and de-identified information to customize our site. This information is shared with our service providers, including those who provide us with marketing assistance, and occasionally with third parties for the planning or executing of their advertising or promotions. We do not share any personally identifiable information with third parties.
Sharing
SuperJeweler.com gives you access to third party partners to provide you with certain services that are detailed below. SuperJeweler.com will provide that third party with your transaction information and then that third party will collect additional information if needed to provide you with the requested service. , such as outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services.
We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from users of the site to a third party in the event of any merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings) relating to SuperJeweler.com.
Finally, notwithstanding any other provision of this privacy policy to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information if we believe that we are required to do so (i) by law; (ii) to comply with legal process or governmental requests; (iii) to enforce our Terms of Service; (iv) to protect our operations or those of any affiliated entities; (v) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of SuperJeweler.com, any affiliated entities, you or others; and (vi) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by SuperJeweler.com.
Catalog, Newsletters, Etc.
If a user wishes to subscribe to our catalog, newsletter, etc., we ask for contact information such as name, street address and e-mail address to provide these communications. Because we respect our users' privacy, we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the choice and opt-out section below.
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send you an e-mail. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though you can deactivate your account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.
Surveys & Sweepstakes
From time to time, our site requests information from users via surveys or sweepstakes. Participation in these surveys or sweepstakes is completely voluntary and the user, therefore, has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, shipping address and e-mail address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
SuperJeweler.com takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via our website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the Secure Socket Layers (SSLs) best encryption software in the industry - Secure Socket Layers (SSLs). While on a secure page, such as our order form, a lock icon appears on the bottom of your Web browser. When you are not on a secure page, no lock icon will appear.  In addition, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment under restricted access.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, send us an e-mail at sales@superjeweler.com for more info.
Supplementation of Information
In order for SuperJeweler.com to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from third-party sources such as our affiliated websites. For example, in order for SuperJeweler.com to enhance our ability to tailor the site to an individual's preference, we combine information about the purchasing habits of users with similar information from our affiliated sites, and SuperJeweler.com. When a user makes a purchase from any of these companies, the companies collect and share that purchase information with us so we can tailor the site to our users' preferences.
Special Offers
Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special offers and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code, phone, e-mail or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate that user's personally identifiable information provided to us. This can be done by using the unsubscribe feature in our communication.
Choice/Opt-Out
Users who no longer wish to receive promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by using the unsubscribe feature in our e-mail.
Newsletter
In subscribing for a newsletter you agree that SuperJeweler.com
located at 18 East 48th St, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10017 may use the data you entered to inform you by e-mail about the contents and/or products selected by you. You may revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future, either by written notice to SuperJeweler.com 18 East 48th St, 3rd Floor, New York, NY
10017 or by email to sales@superjeweler.com.
You may also unsubscribe from any newsletter via the link provided at the end of each newsletter. We transfer your data to our service providers only for
data administration and hosting purposes.
Analytics And Interest-Based Advertising
You can opt-out of your data being used by Google Analytics through cookies by visiting tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Service in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the DAA and your opt-out options for their members, please visit for website opt-out, aboutads.info/choices. In addition, some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, please visit networkadvertising.org/choices/. If you are in the EU, please also visit the EU online choices page at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. Please note that if you opt-out of online behavioral advertising using any of these methods, the opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. Further, opting-out only means that the selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
Feedback and Testimonials. If you provide feedback or testimonials on the Service or on SuperJeweler products or services, we may post this feedback or testimonial, including your information, on the Service or in marketing and promotional materials. We may, by our sole discretion, edit feedback or testimonials for length and content. Data subjects in Europe have additional rights as set forth in “Your Rights and Choices” below.
Your Rights And Choices
Review And Update Of Account Information
You may access, update, or remove certain account information that you have voluntarily submitted to us through the Service. If you would like to update or revise information in your account, you may do so through your account or by contacting us as set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Data subjects in Europe have additional rights as set forth in the sections entitled “Your European Privacy Rights” below.
Your European Privacy Rights
If you are a data subject in Europe, you have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you through the Service. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Service. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do base on consent you have provided to us.
To exercise any of these rights, contact us as set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below and specify which right you intend to exercise. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we store information as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected, and may continue to retain and use the information even after a data subject request for purposes of our legitimate interests, including as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud, and enforce our agreements.
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a European supervisory authority.
International Transfer
SuperJeweler is based in the U.S. and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which SuperJeweler or its partners, affiliates, service providers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities and by using this Website, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Data protection laws in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Service or provision of any information, therefore, constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If your data is collected in Europe, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards.
Changes to This Policy
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy, and any of our policies or procedures concerning the treatment of information collected through the site, without prior notice. You can determine when this privacy policy was last revised by referring to date at the top of this page. Any changes to our privacy policy will become effective upon posting of the revised policy on the Internet, accessible through the site. Use of the site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect. We encourage you to periodically review our privacy policy to ensure familiarity with our most current version.
Contact Us
If you have questions about this privacy policy, or the information practices, please contact us as follows:
By email: sales@superjeweler.com
By mail: SuperJeweler LLC, attn: Legal / Privacy, 18 East 48th Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10017
For EU-specific requests: euprivacy@superjeweler.com
Privacy Policy Effective Date: May 24, 2018
Call
Send SMS
Add to Skype
You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype
Why Shop SuperJeweler
Lifetime Guarantee
Money-Back Guarantee
Monthly Diamond Studs Giveaway
About Us
How Can We Help You?
Contact Us
SuperJeweler Financing
Shipping Policy
Returns And Refunds
F.A.Q.
Site Map
Jewelry Education
Ring Sizer
Affiliate Program
Email & Text Signup
Follow or Like SJ
SuperJeweler Blog
Copyright © 1999-2020. SuperJeweler.com. All rights reserved
Site Map
|
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Become an Affiliate
|
Hiring