http://www.telemark-pyrenees.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
HomeHELP & INFORMATIONPrivacy Policy
Help & Information
CONTACT US
CUSTOM FEES & TAXES
DELIVERY TIMES
DELIVERY TO THE USA & CANADA
FAQS
SALE TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER
Any questions?
Call us on
+33 561 64 34 93
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Because people are rightly concerned about how web sites use information stored about them, we have decided to publicly state what information is collected by Telemark Pyrenees SARL and how we use it. If you have any questions about our privacy policy please do let us know.
Information we collect
Like most web sites, our servers automatically log general information about each visitor. This does not include e-mail addresses or other personally identifiable details about visitors. We also log aggregate information about what pages are visited, and technical information used to identify trends. This is not recorded in a way that allows it to be cross-referenced to a particular visitor. Any other details collected are those specifically provided by the visitor, for instance by filling in a questionnaire.
How we use this information
Information collected by our servers is used to help us maintain and improve the web site. Information is never shared with third parties (other than with law enforcement agencies in the course of an investigation). If you supply us with your postal address on-line (for instance, when ordering) you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with regards to the reason they provided it. This information will not be used for telemarketing purposes.
About our mailing lists & Newsletter
Our mailing lists and Newsletter are run strictly on an opt-in basis. We will not subscribe you to them without your knowledge. You can unsubscribe at any time using the method provided with each mailing.
Should you not wish to use this method of opting out, you can contact us direct, and we will ensure you are removed from all subscriptions. If you have provided your e-mail address to us you may receive an e-mail invitation to subscribe to our Newsletter. This does not mean that you are automatically subscribed.
With respect to cookies
We only use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. Visitors can also opt to have the site remember them between visits, in which case the cookie will remain between sessions. Other personal information is not stored in cookies by us.
Opting out
Any automatic mailing from us will include instructions on how to ensure that you receive no further mailings from us if you so choose. You can also unsubscribe from our Newsletter online using the "Subscribe/Unsubscribe To Newsletter" pageAlternatively contact one of our staff members and we will remove you from the lists.
Commercial arrangements
Any information collected by us is only used by us. We do not sell or share information about our customers with third parties. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies who collate information on our visitors.
Access to information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act, we can provide customers with access of any information that we maintain about them. Applications should be made in writing. Visitors can have this information corrected by writing to us at our address.
General notes
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact Rosie Hardy or Neil Hardy at our address.
CORONAVIRUS
We are shipping to all destinations. Postal Service may be delayed, we recommend
UPS or DHL.