http://www.pinenut.com/pine-nuts-sale/order-terms-policies.shtml
Share
|
Home
Story
Tree
Pine nuts
Wild crops
Resources
Recipes
Reviews
About us
Store
STORE
American Pine Nuts
Black Walnuts
Ordering info
Ordering information, Terms, and Policies
Payment methods
You can place your order online and pay with a credit card (Visa, Master Card, Discover) or PayPal. You can also mail us a check or money order, payable to “Goods From The Woods” (click here for our mailing address). If mailing in your payment, please include a note with your shipping address, products and quantities ordered, and correct shipping costs (see below) and sales tax (Missouri customers only, see below). Because our products go very, very fast, we encourage you to place your order on-line, but if you have to mail in your order, we'll be happy to serve you too. THANK YOU!
Shipping rates
We are striving to charge fair shipping which follows very closely our own postage costs. We make extensive use of USPS Priority Mail Flat Rate packaging for a fast and cost-effective delivery. The shopping cart will calculate correct shipping and handling based on total weight & volume of items being ordered. (Note: for the purposes of shipping rate calculation, a bulky item that does not fit into standard packaging will be assessed shipping corresponding to a higher rate than its actual weight - but our shopping cart software is so smart it will figure it out for you!)
US domestic rates:
0 to 6 oz - $2.99
7 to 13 oz - $3.99
14 oz to 3 lb - $5.99
4 lb to 10 lb - $11.99
11 lb to 15 lb - $14.99
over 15 lb - additional $5 for each 5 lbs or part thereof.
International rates:
0 to 3 lb - $24.99
4 lb to 10 lb - $59.99
11 lb to 15 lb - $79.99
over 15 lb - additional $30 for each 5 lbs or part thereof.
Shipping method
For fast delivery, we ship most orders via US Postal Service Priority Mail (First Class mail on small packages under 13 oz). Your address must be serviced by the Postal Service (PO Boxes and APO addresses are fine). Occasionally we may substitute a comparable service such as UPS Ground. Your order may arrive in several packages.
Delivery times
We process most orders within 1-2 business days, unless your item is on pre-order as indicated in its description. After that, Priority Mail usually takes 2-3 business days within the US, and 2-3 weeks internationally.
Tracking your package
Once your packages ship, we will e-mail you USPS tracking numbers if you provide us with your e-mail address at checkout. You can then track your packages at the USPS.com website.
Insurance, Loss, and Damage
Due to the very high reliability of Priority Mail service, we do not insure the packages we ship, unless you ask us to. You have an option to purchase Insurance right in the shopping cart before you check out. Once the order leaves our warehouse, we are not responsible for its loss or damage in transit. That said, we do want you to be happy with your order, so if there is any problem, please do contact us, and we'll do our best to help.
Sales tax
Missouri customers are charged a 4.225% sales tax, which is calculated automatically during checkout.
International
All international customers are responsible for customs dues or other taxes and fees that may be levied in your country. We will not accept orders returned to us due to customer’s failure to pay the customs dues / fees in a timely manner.
Returns, exchanges & refunds
We guarantee that all products we sell are fresh, new, genuine and free of damage. All food items are non-returnable and non-exchangeable. On non-food items, we will accept for exchange only (no refunds) unopened packages within 10 days of your receiving them, provided you notify us promptly of your intention to request an exchange. If the pine nuts are in good condition and returned simply because they aren't what you thought they would be or you just don't like them, we will not issue refunds. If for any reason, your pine nuts are not fresh or and are being returned for any reason due to the quality or freshness, we will promptly issue a refund. With the exception of the defective pine nut products, exchange of unopened packages (within 10 days) as stated above, all sales are final. Because we often ship very quickly after receiving your order, your order may not be cancelled or modified once it has been placed. Please check your order carefully prior to checkout to make sure it is accurate.
Privacy
We value your business, and respect your right to privacy. Our web site is a safe environment for anyone who visits or purchases from us. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order. In no other way do we share your information with anyone else, for any reason. The e-mail address that you provide upon checkout will be reserved for order-related communications only, unless you explicitly choose to join our e-mail list (from which you can then unsubscribe at any time).
Please note that just like millions of other websites, in order to enhance your browsing experience, and to offer the convenience of easily sharing our website's content in online social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, or MySpace we allow third-party companies, including AddThis, to collect certain ANONYMOUS information when you visit our website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information. They do offer you the right to opt out of such anonymous information collection. They do not have access to your e-mail information, and they do not spam. These are reputable industry leaders providing you with online services. Please note that a leading antivirus program manufacturer, McAfee, reviewed AddThis software and found it to be posing no threat to you or your computer. To learn more about what anonymous information they may collect and how you can opt out, please see AddThis Privacy Policy or visit www.networkadvertising.org.
Security
Shopping at www.PineNut.com is 100% secure. All information you provide during checkout (including your credit card number) is encrypted using industry-standard encryption and cannot be viewed by any third party. We use a secure payment processing engine to securely operate the shopping cart and process payments.
Back to Ordering page »»
Home  |
Story  |
Trees  |
Pine nuts  |
Wild crops  |
Resources  |
Recipes  |
Reviews  |
About us  |
Join e-mail list  |
STORE  |
View Cart
© 1998-2017 PineNut.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Policies