http://www.vtcoffee.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement and policy applies to the online electronic commerce services of Speeder & Earl’s: 412 Pine Street, Burlington, VT 05401
Speeder & Earl’s has created this privacy policy for your information and protection. If you wish to contact Speeder & Earl’s with a question or comment regarding this policy, contact us by phone, mail, or email. In the event that you have a complaint or a dispute with regard to this policy, please read below for detailed information on who to contact and how.
Information
We gather the information you provide during registration is used only to provide you personalized services. Account information that you supply will only be used to process requested transactions or to contact you regarding a particular transaction. SpeederandEarls.com may use purchasing information to generate aggregate reports to help determine how to improve our customers' experience. This data is anonymous and for internal purposes only. SpeederandEarls.com will not disclose customer information to any outside organizations without prior consent of the customer, but may disclose user information to government and/or third parties if there is reason to believe the user is violating the terms and conditions of our company, or where otherwise required by law or by legal process.
The following may have access to the information collected on this site: Ourselves and our agents acting on our behalf who are contractually bound to keep individual and identifying information confidential. Delivery services may only use supplied information for completing your delivery.
We may also use your contact information to contact you about new products, features or special promotions. If you wish not to receive such communications, you may remove yourself from our list by logging into your account. On this page, you can choose to opt-in or opt-out of the email mailing list. You may also remove yourself from the mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link that is present in all promotional emails that we send to our customers.SpeederandEarls.com also collects simple user information by using data-tracking software to track what areas of the site are visited most frequently. This gives us valuable information about those items in which our customers are most interested so we can try to provide a better shopping experience.
SpeederandEarls.com is committed to protecting your privacy. We believe that electronic security and customer privacy is necessary and therefore only use the personal information you provide to create a more personalized experience for you, as outlined below.
Cookies
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible shopping experience. SpeederandEarls.com collects information for the following purposes: The information is used to identify you while you shop, so that we can keep the items you have chosen in a `shopping cart'. Performance data from your session will be used to improve the hardware and software used to provide this service. Data collected may be used to help us determine what additional features would be of benefit to you on this site. We may tailor the site experience specifically to you based on your current and past activities, which may include offering you products similar to those previously purchased or purchased by others. We may use information about you to tailor the site experience of another user that is similar to you, but without disclosing your identity or specific private information. We may use the contact information to contact you by postal mail or email to market products or services unless you specifically request otherwise.
Security
SpeederandEarls.com uses security measures in order to protect from the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. All orders are transmitted over secure internet connections using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology. Should you forget your password, we will email you a new temporary password. Because sending information by email is insecure, we do not send your existing password. This is the best way to protect your personal information.
Terms and Conditions
Please review the basic rules that govern the use of and purchase of our products.
Website Use
Use of our SpeederandEarls.com constitutes acceptance of these terms and conditions. SpeederandEarls.com may make changes to the information on our site or to services described therein, at any time and without notice. SpeederandEarls.com may change, move, delete or add to the site frequently.
Use Restrictions
All trademarks, service marks, trade names and photography are the property of SpeederandEarls.com. No use of these may be made with out the prior written consent of SpeederandEarls.com except to identify the products or services of SpeederandEarls.com. The products, logos, designs, advertisements, and photographic images described or displayed on the site are the intellectual property of SpeederandEarls.com and may not be used without permission. Our site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests are owned by SpeederandEarls.com, a subsidiary of Speeder & Earl’s You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the contents of this site. Any violation of this may result in legal action.
Communications and Submissions
All communications, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas or other submissions offered to SpeederandEarls.com shall be and remain the property of SpeederandEarls.com. In turn, SpeederandEarls.com shall be free to use the content of such communications (including ideas, inventions, concepts, techniques) for any purpose including development and/or marketing of goods and services. By participating in surveys, contest or promotions of this site or by requesting promotional information or updates, you hereby agree that SpeederandEarls.com may use information about you for marketing, product development or promotional purposes and is under no obligation to pay the user any compensation for any submissions.
Products
Products seen on SpeederandEarls.com have limited availability and are subject to supply. Descriptions, specifications, colors and pricing are subject to change at any time and without any notice. Prices displayed on the site are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
Links
SpeederandEarls.com may provide links or references to other sites, but is not responsible for the content of such other sites and shall not be liable for any damages or injury arising from that content.
Disclaimer
By your use of this site, you acknowledge that use of this site is at your sole risk. That you assume full necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of this site, and that SpeederandEarls.com shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site.
Limitation of Liability
SpeederandEarls.com shall not be liable for any damages or injury resulting from your access to, or inability to access this site, or from your reliance on any information contained in this site.
Miscellaneous
This site and its contents are displayed solely for the purpose of promoting SpeederandEarls.com and its products and services. This site is controlled and operated by SpeederandEarls.com, a subsidiary of Speeder & Earl’s. SpeederandEarls.com reserves the right to make changes to the information in this site or services described therein, at any time without notice.
Duration
SpeederandEarls.com may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and deny you access to the site if you fail to comply with the provisions of this agreement.
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Every purchase you make at SpeederandEarls.com is absolutely safe. SpeederandEarls.com uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry standard for secure commerce transactions to transmit your credit card information over the Internet. This means your credit card number is scrambled during the transaction process, so that the information cannot be read as it travels over the Internet.
Call us
The main toll-free contact number for Speeder & Earl’s is (800) 849-6014
Send us an Email
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can write: contact@speederandearls.com
Send us a letter
Mail to the following postal address:
Speeder & Earl’s Customer Service 412 Pine Street Burlington, VT 05401