http://www.nahoku.com/website-policies
Jump to main navigation
Privacy PolicyNa Hoku, Inc. values our customers and is committed to respecting your privacy. This policy explains when and why we collect personal information, how we use this data, and how we keep it secure.A. Introduction1.  The privacy of our website visitors is very important to us, and we are committed to safeguarding it. This policy explains what we will do with your personal information.2.  Consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website permits us to use cookies every time you visit our website.B. CreditThis document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (seqlegal.com)and modified by Website Planet (websiteplanet.com)C. Collecting personal informationThe following types of personal information may be collected, stored, and used:1.   information about your computer including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, and operating system;2.   information about your visits to and use of this website including the referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths;3.   information, such as your email address, that you enter when you register with our website;4.   information that you enter when you create a profile on our website—for example, your name, profile pictures, gender, birthday, relationship status, interests and hobbies, educational details, and employment details;5.   information, such as your name and email address, that you enter in order to set up subscriptions to our emails and/or newsletters;6.   information that you enter while using the services on our website;7.   information that is generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it;8.   information relating to anything you purchase, services you use, or transactions you make through our website, which includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card details;9.  information that you post to our website with the intention of publishing it on the internet, which includes your username, profile pictures, and the content of your posts;10.  information contained in any communications that you send to us by email or through our website, including its communication content and metadata;11.  any other personal information that you send to us.Before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policyD. Using your personal informationPersonal information submitted to us through our website will be used for the purposes specified in this policy or on the relevant pages of the website. We may use your personal information for the following:1.  administering our website and business;2.  personalizing our website for you;3.  enabling your use of the services available on our website;4.  sending you goods purchased through our website;5.  supplying services purchased through our website;6.  sending statements, invoices, and payment reminders to you, and collecting payments from you;7.  sending you non-marketing commercial communications;8.  sending you email notifications that you have specifically requested;9.  sending you our email newsletter, if you have requested it (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require the newsletter);10.  sending you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);11.  providing third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information);12.  dealing with inquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to our website;13.  keeping our website secure and prevent fraud;14.  verifying compliance with the terms and conditions governing the use of our website (including monitoring private messages sent through our website private messaging service); and15.  other uses.If you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.Your privacy settings can be used to limit the publication of your information on our website and can be adjusted using privacy controls on the website.We will not, without your express consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing.E. Disclosing personal informationWe may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.We may disclose your personal information:1.  to the extent that we are required to do so by law;2.  in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;3.  in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);4.  to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and5.  to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.Except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.F. International data transfers1.  Information that we collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.2.  Information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area: the United States of America, Russia, Japan, China, and India.3.  Personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.4.  You expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this Section F.G. Retaining personal information1.  This Section G sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.2.  Personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.3.  Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section G, we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:1.  to the extent that we are required to do so by law;2.  if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and3.  in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).H. Security of your personal information1.  We will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information.2.  We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.3.  All electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption technology.4.  You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.5.  You are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).I. AmendmentsWe may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy. We may notify you of changes to this policy by email or through the private messaging system on our website.J. Your rightsYou may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you; provision of such information will be subject to the following:1.  the supply of appropriate evidence of your identity, we will usually accept a photocopy of your passport certified by a notary plus an original copy of a utility bill showing your current address).We may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.You may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.K. Third party websitesOur website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.L. Updating informationPlease let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.M. CookiesOur website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.1.  The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:    1.  we use Google Analytics and Adwords on our website to recognize a computer when: a user visits the website / track users as they navigate the website / enable the use of a shopping cart on the website / improve the website’s usability / analyze the use of the website / administer the website / prevent fraud and improve the security of the website / personalize the website for each user / target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users.2.  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies—for example:    1.  in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools,” “Internet Options,” “Privacy,” and then “Advanced”;    2.  in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” “Privacy,” selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and    3.  in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Content settings,” and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.3.  You can delete cookies already stored on your computer—for example:    1.  in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835 );    2.  in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies,” and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and    3.  in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Clear browsing data,” and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data.”    4.  Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.Website & OrdersAll information collected through product orders, requests for information, feedback, or registrations is not shared with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your transaction. For example, your name, Email address, and billing and shipping address is required to complete your order and to deliver your purchase.Email BlastsWhen you sign up on our website to receive our Email blasts, we collect your data (name and Email address) using third-party software (Bronto) that allows us to carry out your request.We will store your data until you unsubscribe. There will always be an option to opt-out included in every Email blast that we send.Children's PrivacyInformation and purchases should not be submitted to our website by children. Na Hoku, Inc. does not promote, direct, or seek to collect information on any children under the age of 16 years old.
California PrivacyCalifornia residents have certain rights regarding use and disclosure of your personal information.Right to Know and Access: You have the right to request that we disclose the personal information that we have collected, used and sold about you during the last 12 months.Right to Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain information that we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.Right to Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third party entities. Na Hoku, Inc. does not sell or disclose its customer information with exception to service providers for the sole purpose of Na Hoku, Inc. business operations.Right to Not Be Discriminated Against: You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under CCPA.How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, please contact us at 1-800-260-3912 or email us at Privacy@NaHoku.com. To opt-out of potential sale of your personal information you may submit this form, or email us at Privacy@NaHoku.com, or contact us at 1-800-260-3912. Please provide your full name, address, and email address for reply and verification purposes.Verification of Requests: To protect your privacy and for security purposes, Na Hoku, Inc. will take steps to verify your identity before providing access to your personal information. In addition, if you request specific personal information, we will require you verify your identity. If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf, we may require you to provide written permission, and we may require you to verify your own identity directly with Na Hoku, Inc.Certain types of information may be exempt from the above requests under applicable law. Because we need certain types of information to provide the Services to you, if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
Cookie PolicyOur website uses cookies. A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.1.  The names of the cookies that we use on our website, and the purposes for which they are used, are set out below:    1.  we use Google Analytics and Adwords on our website to recognize a computer when: a user visits the website / track users as they navigate the website / enable the use of a shopping cart on the website / improve the website’s usability / analyze the use of the website / administer the website / prevent fraud and improve the security of the website / personalize the website for each user / target advertisements which may be of particular interest to specific users.2.  Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies—for example:    1.  in Internet Explorer (version 10) you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools,” “Internet Options,” “Privacy,” and then “Advanced”;    2.  in Firefox (version 24) you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” “Privacy,” selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and    3.  in Chrome (version 29), you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Content settings,” and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites. If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.3.  You can delete cookies already stored on your computer—for example:    1.  in Internet Explorer (version 10), you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835 );    2.  in Firefox (version 24), you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools,” “Options,” and “Privacy”, then selecting “Use custom settings for history”, clicking “Show Cookies,” and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and    3.  in Chrome (version 29), you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customize and control” menu, and clicking “Settings,” “Show advanced settings,” and “Clear browsing data,” and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data.”    4.  Deleting cookies will have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Terms of UseBy use of this website, you are agreeing to the usage terms and collection of information.Telephone NumbersNa Hoku personnel will use telephone numbers collected online to complete sales transactions, when necessary.DisclosureNa Hoku will only disclose personal information if required by law, to conform to the law, or believe in good faith the information is necessary to protect you or others from harm.Accuracy DisclaimerEvery effort has been made to offer the most current and correct information possible. Nevertheless, inadvertent errors may occur. In particular, but without limiting anything here, Na Hoku, Inc. disclaims any responsibility for typographical errors and accuracy of the information that may be contained on NaHoku.com web pages. Na Hoku, Inc. also reserves the right to make changes at any time without notice.SecurityWe have appropriate physical, electronic, and operational procedures to protect the information we collect from our on-line transactions. Confidential information such as name, address, and credit card account numbers is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
Accessibility at Na Hoku - Hawaii's Finest Jewelers Since 1924Na Hoku, Inc. strives to create a comfortable experience for anyone who chooses to shop in our stores or on our website, NaHoku.com.Should you have trouble accessing any of the information on our website, please call us at 1-800-260-3912 or send an email to CustomerService@NaHoku.com.Na Hoku Customer Service will provide you with the information that you need to help you complete your purchase in a method accessible to you.
Loading