https://www.dreamtimecreations.com/page/privacy/
We have received the discontinuing list from Swarovski. Click here for the details and live news updates from Swarovski.
About Dreamtime Creations
Frequently Asked Questions
Rhinestones for Dance
Bridal and Wedding Bling
How To Bling Your Own Horse Tack
Creating Rhinestone Jewelry
Charm Party Bracelets
Swarovski Nail Art
Cindy's Circle
Contact
Newsletter
Price Match Guarantee
Return & Warranty Policy
Affiliate Program
Order Policy
Shipping Policy
Wholesale Program
Privacy Policy
California Prop 65 Warning
Language
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.DreamtimeCreations.com and applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, a form on our website, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. When you visit our site we use your IP address to identify your state, country, and continent so that we may serve you localized information that is relevant to you (Ex, non-US customers will see a message that our prices are in USD).  This information is stored on your computer in a cookie that can be deleted by you at any time.  If you place an order, we save the IP address from where your order was placed for security purposes and to reduce payment fraud.If you apply for a wholesale account we also ask for some additional information about your business to help us classify your industry, business type, and other details to help us serve you better.If you contact us, we will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We request information from you when you place an order. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like your credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to contact you. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.By placing an order at Dreamtime Creations you agree to receive email communication about the status of your order, shipping information, and any follow up communication specific only to that order for customer satisfaction purposes. You will not receive ongoing communication without providing permission by opting to receive our newsletter.By subscribing to the Dreamtime Creations Inc. newsletter you will receive occasional product offers, promotions, information about our services, personalized shopping emails (Such as emails with more information about a product or category that you visited while on our site,) or changes to this Privacy Policy. You may opt-out of receiving any or all of our newsletter at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every newsletter that we send or by contacting us at privacy@dreamtimecreations.com.When you subscribe to the Dreamtime Creations Inc. newsletter, certain information like your name and email address are shared with our email service provider so that they can process the distribution of our newsletters on our behalf.  You may add additional information through our email preference center, such as your birthday, so as to receive email messages and offers that are tailored to you.  All additional information other than your name and email address is entirely optional.  You may update or delete any of the information stored in the preference center by clicking the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every newsletter that we send.If you would like for us to completely delete your personal data from our email database, please contact us at privacy@dreamtimecreations.com requesting that we do so.When you place an order with Dreamtime Creations on our website, you are automatically covered by a guarantee provided by Norton Shopping Guarantee that offers certain protections to you as a consumer for 30 days from your order date.  If you wish to have your personal information removed from their database please contact Norton Shopping Guarantee directly by emailing them at customersupport@nortonshoppingguarantee.com.When you visit Dreamtime Creations we may show you banners or other elements that differ from what we show other visitors depending on your geographic location, device being used to visit our site, or simply at random.  These variations are done in order for us to test out different scenarios in order to ensure that we provide the best customer experience possible.  Depending on the test being performed certain information about you may be stored on a server that is controlled by the third party partner that manages these tests on our behalf.  While they are bound by our privacy policy and will not share that information with anyone but us, you can request that it be removed from their database by contacting us at privacy@dreamtimecreations.com.When you visit Dreamtime Creations we will show you products that we think you may like (recommendations) based on your browsing behavior.  If you place an order with us, we will share with our third-part partner that manages this service your name, email address, phone number, street address, state/province, postal code and country, as well as items viewed and purchased.  If you choose to not want to received ongoing personalized recommendations you may contact us at privacy@dreamtimecreations.com and ask for us to stop showing you personalized recommendations.  Afterward, you will see general recommendations on our website while browsing but no personal information will be shared with our third-party partner. When you place your order with us, your credit card number is never completely visible to any of our employees, nor is it stored on our servers.  We use a secure merchant payment processor that uses tokens and other security processes to ensure that your payment information is encrypted at all times.After you submit your order to us, you will be prompted and asked if you would like to rate us with both ShopperApproved and with Google.  This is entirely optional.  If you choose to rate us with ShopperApproved, your first name, optionally the first initial of your last name, your state/province, country, your review, and star ratings will be shared with ShopperApproved and will be visible here.  ShopperApproved may also follow up with you with a single email after to confirm certain details of your transaction in order to verify if you received the shipment and your level of satisfaction with your order.  You can review ShopperApproved’s privacy policy at here.If you choose to rate us with Google your rating and review will be visible here.  No personally identifiable information is displayed with your Google review.DreamtimeCreations.com contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any of these other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.From time to time Dreamtime Creations may request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose any provided information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this website and the products or services offered by Dreamtime Creations.  If you wish to have your survey responses removed you may contact us as privacy@dreamtimecreations.com and request that we do so.Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address privacy@dreamtimecreations.com:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.SecurityWe take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address (URL) of every page on our website.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment and are scanned and monitored for intrusions and security threats.If you have any questions, or feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 417-678-5748 or via email at privacy@dreamtimecreations.com.
×
View Cart
Secure Checkout
×
Cart Summary
View Cart
Secure Checkout
×
SHIPPING POLICY
FREE Shipping for US retail orders over $75 and $9.99/$12.99 shipping for Canadian orders.
US
Australia
United Kingdom
Canada
All Other Countries
Shipping Policy
Psst, sometimes we have secret sales! ×
The only way you'll know is by getting our Dreamtime sale announcements. Sign up right here...
No Thanks
Privacy Policy
* Offer valid for first time subscribers