http://www.mooshoes.com/pages/privacy-policy
Thank you for visiting www.mooshoes.com. We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information. Mooshoes does not rent, sell, or exchange information about our customers to any party for any reason. To learn more, please read the privacy policy that follows.
This policy sets out how MooShoes uses and protects any information that you give MooShoes when you use this website. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using our website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. This policy does not apply to the practices and policies of any companies not affiliated with MooShoes to which this site links or that links to this site.
COLLECTING INFORMATIONMooShoes collects personally identifiable information from customers only when specifically and knowingly provided by you. Examples of the type of information collected are name, shipping and billing address, phone number, email address, and credit card information. We collect personal information when you register as a member with MooShoes, order products from MooShoes, visit www.mooshoes.com, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. We use the information collected to better understand your needs, fulfill your specific requests for products and services, improve our products and services, and to contact you regarding any offers that may be of interest.
INFORMATION USE MooShoes does not rent, sell or exchange information about our customers, and all information provided to us remains absolutely confidential, except that:
We may share information to trusted partners who need to access your customer information in order to provide operational or other support services to us. These companies are not authorized to use any information we share with them for any other purpose.
We gather only customer information that is needed to administer business, provide superior service and communicate with you offers on products and services that we believe will be of interest to you.
We may periodically send promotional email about new products, special offers, service announcements, and administrative messages using the email address, which you have provided.
We limit access to your personal information to those employees who need it to carry out their business functions. We educate our employees about our policies and practices in regard to safeguarding customer information; preventing its unauthorized access or disclosure; and, ensuring its proper handling.
We may be required by law to disclose such information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or requests from law-enforcement officials.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures that comply with federal regulations to safeguard and secure personal information about you.
COOKIESA cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow webs applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We may set and use cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about our web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESOur website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
YOUR INFORMATIONYou can edit your MooShoes account information at any time. You can request to stop receiving email updates and/or delete your account at any time. To make your request, please contact us at info (at) mooshoes (dot) com.
POLICY UPDATESMooShoes may update this policy at any time. We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy periodically.
Search
Close menu
Women
Boots
Flats + Lace Ups
Sandals
Heels + Wedges
Sneakers + Outdoors
Clogs
Socks
Shoe Care
Sale
Men
Boots
Dress Shoes + Loafers
Sneakers + Outdoors
Sandals
Wider Fit
Socks
Shoe Care
Sale
Bags + Wallets
Bags + Purses
Backpacks
Briefcases
Wallets
Reusable Totes
Sale
Belts
Reusables + Home
Apparel
Tees + Tanks
Sweatshirts + Hoodies
Socks
Outerwear
Hats & Masks
Gifts
Brands
Ahimsa
Angela Roi
Arcopedico
baggu
BC Footwear
beetxbeet
Bhava
Birkenstock
Brave Gentleman
Cliff
Cocoally
Dr. Martens
ethletic
FAIR
Good Guys
Herbivore
Hurraw!
Insecta
King55
Lee Coren
Maians
Matt + Nat
Melissa
Meow Meow Tweet
Mireia Playa
NAE
Native
NOAH
Novacas
raven + crow
Saucony
Stasher
Swedish Stockings
Sydney Brown
Sydney Hale
Tropicca
Vegan Club
Vegetarian Shoes
Veja
Wuxly
Zkano
About us
Log in
Create account