http://www.canadapharmacy.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
CanadaPharmacy.com PRIVACY POLICY
ABOUT US
HOW TO ORDER
CUSTOMER CARE POLICY
FAQs
REFERRAL PROGRAM
SHIPPING
REVIEWS
BLOG
LEGAL STATEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
SUMMARY OF OBLIGATIONS
Effective Date: 01/03/2019
At Aposan International Limited ("CanadaPharmacy.com") your wellness is our top priority. We have established this Privacy Policy in order to outline our privacy practices with respect to the provision of health services and products. As part of our professional obligations, we take all reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information.
CanadaPharmacy.com handles all personal information in accordance with the terms set out in the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act of Canada and The Personal Health Information Act (PHIA) of Manitoba.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
The principles governing the manner in which CanadaPharmacy.com collects, uses, stores and discloses your personal information are as follows:
1. Accountability
CanadaPharmacy.com is responsible for all personal information under its control. CanadaPharmacy.com has appointed a Privacy Officer to oversee its
compliance with its privacy obligations and to answer questions or concerns with respect to CanadaPharmacy.com's privacy practices.
All CanadaPharmacy.com staff have been trained with respect to our privacy obligations.
2. Identifying Purposes.
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
Unique Identifiers such as user name, password
CanadaPharmacy.com collects, uses and discloses your personal information
solely for the following purposes, namely:
to administer your request for health care services or products and to
provide such products or services;
to communicate with you concerning the health care services or products
that you have requested;
to communicate your personal information to associated health care
professionals, including your Canadian physician, pharmacists and other
health care professionals, in order to facilitate your request for health care
services or products as more specifically set out in your Customer
Agreement;
to follow-up with you and provide you with information from time to time
concerning CanadaPharmacy.com's products and services.
Please note that CanadaPharmacy.com will on occasion contract with certain third party suppliers or service providers, including licensed pharmacies in other
countries for prescription fulfillment services as well as other specialized services. CanadaPharmacy.com may release your personal information to such third party
contractors solely in order to fulfill your request for services or products. CanadaPharmacy.com will use contractual means to bind such third party contractors to
its privacy obligations.
If, for any reason, your personal information is required for a purpose not listed above, we will contact you to obtain your consent prior to using your personal
information for such additional purposes.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at marketing@canadapharmacy.com
3. Consent.
CanadaPharmacy.com requires your consent for the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, except where permitted or required by law.
4. Limiting Collection.
CanadaPharmacy.com will only collect that information that it actually requires in order to provide the services or products requested, and all information
will be collected by fair and lawful means.
You may always choose whether to provide us with your personal information, however your decision to withhold certain personal information may limit the nature of the services or
products that we are able to provide.
5. Limiting Use, Disclosure and Retention.
CanadaPharmacy.com will not use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than for which it was collected, except with your consent or where required or permitted by law
such as to comply with a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If CanadaPharmacy.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
We may also disclose your personal information to any other third party with your prior consent. In certain situations, CanadaPharmacy.com may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
CanadaPharmacy.com will store your personal information for a period of seven (7) years following your last request for health care services or products. Following this period,
CanadaPharmacy.com shall destroy your personal information in a manner that safeguards your privacy.
Collection and Use of 3rd Party Personal Information
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
6. Accuracy.
CanadaPharmacy.com shall confirm with you that your personal information is accurate and up-to-date for the purpose for which it will be used. CanadaPharmacy.com encourages you to amend inaccuracies and make corrections to your personal information as often as is necessary to ensure that it is accurate. Where appropriate, we will provide notice to third parties who have received your personal information in order to ensure that the information provided is accurate.
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personal Information
Upon request CanadaPharmacy.com will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, ask to have it removed from a testimonial on our site or deactivate it by making the change on our member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at info@canadapharmacy.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Phone: 1-800-891-0844
Mailing Address:
Canada Pharmacy
PO Box 520
800-15355 24th Avenue
Surrey, BC
Canada V4A 2H9
We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
7. Safeguards.
CanadaPharmacy.com shall use appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information. Such safeguards shall include physical measures, such as locking filing cabinets; organizational safeguards whereby only those employees who need access to your personal information in order to carry out his or her employment duties shall be granted access; and technological safeguards including, at a minimum, firewalls and passwords.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at techsupport@canadapharmacy.com.
We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either use our order form or a third party payment option. If you use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use a third party payment option to pay for your order, its privacy policy and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy policy before providing your information.
8. Openness.
CanadaPharmacy.com shall make its privacy practices and policies available to individuals upon request.
9. Individual Access.
CanadaPharmacy.com shall advise individuals, upon request, of the details concerning the existence, use and disclosure of his or her personal information, where required or permitted by law,
and the individual shall be provided with access to his or her personal information. All requests for access to information shall be made in writing and shall provide sufficient detail to permit the Privacy
Officer to determine the information being requested. The Privacy Officer shall review all such requests and respond within a period of thirty days, unless otherwise permitted by law.
In addition, an individual shall be able to challenge the accuracy and completeness of his or her personal information and to have it amended as soon as reasonably possible where appropriate.
CanadaPharmacy.com shall provide the corrected personal information to each organization to which the personal information was disclosed during the year before the date the correction was made.
The records of CanadaPharmacy.com shall reflect that such a correction was made.
10. Challenging Compliance.
An individual may challenge CanadaPharmacy.com's compliance with these privacy principles. Our Privacy Officer would be happy to discuss any questions or concerns that you may have.
All complaints shall be investigated and CanadaPharmacy.com shall respond within a reasonable period
Changes in this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
11. Third-Party Advertising.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here
Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies
We Aposan and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users' movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level.
Analytics / Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do link this automatically-collected data to personal information. [IP addresses are tied to personal information to increase the security of the customer, ensuring there is no unauthorized access to a customer’s account].
Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@canadapharmacy.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ
from those of CanadaPharmacy.com. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Social Media Features and Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name.
Referrals
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. CanadaPharmacy.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email [and tracking the success of our referral program]. Your friend may contact us at info@canadapharmacy.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
12. Collecting Data
Please note that we have the ability to retain any data that you provide on this website, even if you do not complete your registration or order by clicking the submit button. Such contact details and data may be used to contact you to inquire why you did not complete your registration or transaction.
13. Contact Us
You can contact us by writing or email us at the address below:
Canada Pharmacy
PO Box 520
800-15355 24th Avenue
Surrey, BC
Canada V4A 2H9
Email: info@canadapharmacy.com
×