https://www.goinginstyle.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Adaptors
Adapters
Travel Adapters by Country
Travel Adapters by Region
Most Popular Countries
Individual Adapters
Power Accessories
Adapter Frequently Asked Questions
Shop All Travel Adapters
Electrics
Beauty & Health Electrics
Clothing Care Electrics
Travel Kitchen
Lights & Magnifiers
Tech Accessories
Shop All Electrics
Adapter Videos
About Dual Voltage
Grounded vs Nongrounded Adapters
Israel Travel Adapter Video
India Travel Adapter Video
China Travel Adapter Video
US Travel Adapter Video
UK Travel Adapter Video
Watch All Adapter Videos
Bags & Packing
Luggage
Rolling Bags
Carry On Bags
Checked Suitcases
Luggage Accessories
Shop All Luggage & Accessories
Shop by Brand
Baggallini
Briggs & Riley Luggage
Delsey Luggage
Lipault Suitcases
Travelpro Luggage
Packing Organizers
Packing Cubes & Folders
Jewelry Organizers
Toilety Kits & Cosmetic
Pill Organizers
Drink & Food Carriers
Small Bags
Eagle Creek
Shop All Organizers
Essentials
Travel Comforts
Travel Health & Medical
Travel Bath Products
Travel Safety & Security
Travel Blankets & Sheets
Ear & Eye Accessories
Travel Pillows
Money & ID Holders
RFID Blocking Money Holders
Hidden Money Pockets
Waist & Neck Money Belts
Travel Wallets
Arm, Leg & Phone Wallets
Passport & Document Holders
Tech & Gadgets
Books & Maps
Travel Games
Travel Journals
Travel Grooming
Multi-Tools
Umbrellas
Binoculars & Magnifiers
Clothing
Mycra Pac Raincoats
Mini Mycra Pac
Short Mycra Pac
Tea Mycra Pac
Long Mycra Pac
Womens Travel Clothing
Mycra Pac Raincoats
Women's Hats
Women's ExOfficio Underwear
Women's Travel Tops
Women's Travel Bottoms
Women's Socks
Women's ExOfficio
Women's Royal Robbins
Mens Travel Clothing
Men's Hats
Men's ExOfficio Underwear
Men's Travel Tops
Men's Travel Bottoms
Men's Socks
Men's ExOfficio
Men's Royal Robbins
Ex Officio Travel Clothing
Royal Robbins Travel Clothing
Hats
Clothing Care
Shop All Clothing
Info
Adapter Finder
Adapter Videos
Adapter Frequently Asked Questions
Adapters vs Converters
Adapters for iPhones
About European Adapters
About Dual Voltage
Travel Information
Traveling & COVID19
TSA Information
Going In Style Packing Checklist
Green Travel Tips
Carry On Regulations
Travel Center
Going In Style Blog
Brands We Carry
Going In Style Travel Accessories
Baggallini
Briggs & Riley Luggage
Bucky
Budd Leather
Design Go Travel Accessories
Delsey Luggage
Eagle Creek
Ex Officio Travel Clothing
Komfort Kollar Pillows
Lewis N Clark Travel Accessories
Lonely Planet Books
Michelin Guidebooks
Mycra Pac Raincoats
Pacsafe Security
Rick Steves Guidebooks
Royal Robbins Travel Clothing
Scottevest
Shedrain Umbrellas
Tilley Hats
Travelpro Luggage
Victorinox Swiss Army
Wallaroo Hats
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Vimeo
Cart
Close cart
Going In Style’s Privacy Policy is designed to assist in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide to us, and to help you make informed decisions when using our Web site.
What Information Do We Collect?
When visiting the Going In Style Web site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you voluntarily choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and Web site use information gathered on a collective basis as you and others browse our Web site.
Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information
You will provide us information about yourself, your firm or company, and your practices when you register an account, register for certain services, or register for e-mail newsletters and alerts.
E-mail Information
If you choose to correspond with us through e-mail, we may retain the content of your e-mail messages together with your e-mail address and our responses.
Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. We and ad serving companies may also use small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs" to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Generally, we use personal information for purposes of managing and expanding our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable.
Choice/Opt-out
Going In Style allows you the choice to opt-out of having your information used for purposes not directly related to our site.  Until you explicitly opt-in for the first time, Going In Style considers you in the opt-out category. Going In Style always notifies its customers when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
If you do not wish to receive any promotional or marketing e-mails and/or surface mail marketing letters, you may opt-out of receiving those communications by contact a Customer Service Representative by sending an e-mail with the subject line "Unsubscribe" to:
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you visit our Web site, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other customers. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or requiring you to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties who may be given access to personal information including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you.
We also use third parties to facilitate our business, including, but not limited to, sending e-mail and processing credit card payments. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our partners and other third parties may have access to your personal information for use in connection with business activities.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Secure Information Transmissions
E-mail is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by e-mail. Some of the information you may enter on our Web site may be transmitted securely via Secure Sockets Layer SSL, 128 bit encryption services. Pages utilizing this technology will have URLs that start with HTTPS instead of HTTP.  These are generally shopping cart check-out pages and are via a Secure Server.
Certain Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the law or comply with legal process served on us or Affiliated Parties; (b) protect and defend our rights and property, the Site, the users of the Site, and/or our Affiliated Parties; (c) act under circumstances to protect the safety of users of the Site, us, or third parties.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Customer Surveys
From time to time, Going In Style may conduct customer satisfaction surveys concerning the certification process and usability functions related to our Web site, or any other future service we may provide, in order to improve our services and programs. We welcome member feedback, always, but the contact information requested in the surveys is optional. We also occasionally share this survey data with third parties, but only in a cumulative, statistical format, without disclosing any personal or identifying information of Going In Style members.
Privacy Policy Changes
Going In Style can make changes to the Privacy Policy at anytime.
Contact Information
To request a correction or deletion of your private information, or if you have any questions and general comments about this privacy policy, please contact us: e-mail:
– Put PRIVACY in the subject line.
Mailing address:
Going In Style – Privacy
838 Bay View Way, Redwood City, CA 94062
TERMS OF SERVICE
By using this website, you accept and agree to the Terms of Service. Any use of the website will establish acceptance of this agreement. If you do not agree to these terms outlined in the Terms of Service, please do not use this website. Furthermore, when using this website, you shall be subject to any guidelines in this Terms of Service. Going In Style reserves the right to update or change these Terms of Service at anytime.
Information Accuracy and Product Content
This site and its components are offered for informational purposes only; this site shall not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, usefulness or availability of any information transmitted or made available from this site,  and shall not be responsible or liable for any error or omissions in that information. The information on this site and its components are offered for your convenience only. Going In Style strives to keep content up to date.  However, designs and styles often change. Going In Style is not responsible or liable for any errors, omissions, inaccurate descriptions or inaccurate photos. By using this website you accept the all responsibility for the content and information you view and/or information you use.
Third Party Carriers
Going In Style uses a third party carrier to ship and deliver any product and goods purchased from Going In Style.  Any damage or mishandling of goods once the carrier has collected the package is the responsibility of said carrier.  It is possible that shipping can take a few extra days; any delay in shipping after the package has been picked up by the carrier is the responsibility of the carrier.  Furthermore, Going In Style is not responsible for goods and packages once packages have been collected by the carrier, all responsibility after pickup lies with the carrier.
Third Party Sites
Sometimes Going In Style will provide links or references to third party sites.  This is offered as a convenience to you.  Going In Style does not endorse any third party sites.  Clicking on third party links is done so at your own risk.
Orders, Pricing and Item Availability
Some orders may not be fillable and will therefore be canceled.  Going In Style can cancel or refuse an order at anytime. Items prices can and will be updated at anytime.  The current price takes into account many details including, promotions, manufacturer prices, availability, handling and packaging.   While Going In Style strives to offer accurate pricing, errors may occur.  In which case Going In Style can cancel any orders placed.  Furthermore, sometimes manufacturers may discontinue an item or we may run out of an item that we are no longer able to get.  In this case Going In Style can cancel any order placed. Also, Going In Style can limit the quantity of an item purchased per person, per household or per order.
Misuse and Security
You are prohibited in using this website in any way in which it was not intended. This includes but is not limited to posting harmful or threatening content, spamming, infringing on copyrighted material, content that contains viruses, etc.  You will be held legally accountable for any misuse or breach of security of this website. You are prohibited from breaching the security of this site and accessing data not intended for your use.
Minors
This site is not intended for use by minors.  Purchases from this website must be made by individual who are the age of majority or by minors with permission from their parent of legal guardian.
Copyrights, Trademarks and Intellectual Property
All content on this website such as photos, graphics, text, logos, videos, audio and graphics is the property of Going In Style. When not using original content Going In Style either compensates third parties for their intellectual property, offers work sited or uses information that is public domain.  If you believe you are an owner of any content on this website and your intellectual property rights have been infringed upon please contact: customerservice@goinginstyle.com
Going In Style may update these Terms from time to time so please review these pages regularly.  Please retain these Terms of Service for yourself.
Free Shipping on Orders | No Minimums
Free domestic shipping within the continental US on all orders - use code GISSHIP
Going In Style Coupons
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"