https://www.lionella.net/info_pages.php?page=privacy
Lionella.Net
Wishlist
Account
Cart
Search
X
Search
Toggle main menu visibility
Home
Clothing
Dresses
Short Dresses
Long Dresses
Booty Shorts
Skirt
Sleepwear
Kimonos
Robes
Cheongsams
Swimwear
Two-Piece Bikinis
Sexy Bikinis
Thong Bikinis
Underwire Bikinis
Slimming Bikinis
Skirted Bikinis
High Waisted Bikinis
Full Coverage Bikinis
One-Piece Bikinis
Stylish One-Pieces
High Cut One-Pieces
Monokinis
Swimdresses
Sport Bikinis
Tankinis
Mix and Match
Cover-Ups
Underwear
Lingerie
Lingerie Sets
Babydolls
Bras
Bodystocking
Bottoms
Bridal
Bustier
Chemises and Camis
Sheer Robes
Sheer Dresses
Slips and Garter Belt
Shapewear
Teddies and Bodysuits
Waist Cinchers
Hosiery
Anklets
Knee High Stockings
Thigh High Stockings
Pantyhose
Costumes
Womens Costumes
Mens Costumes
Costume Tops
Costume Skirts
Accessories
Gloves
Wigs
Hats
Masks
Costume Props
Beauty
Skin Care
Lionella.Net
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Lionella.Net knows that you care how information about you is used and what we do with your personal information. We appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our Privacy Statement. By visiting Lionella.Net you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Lionella.Net Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Lionella.Net. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:- We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.- You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take full advantage of many of our many features.- We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information:We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies", and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications:To help us make e-mails more productive to improve our services, and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our products and services, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.
What About Cookies?Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Does Lionella.Net Share the Information It Receives?We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account information, contact information, or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely necessary in order to complete your transaction and order.
How Secure Is My Information at Lionella.Net?We work diligently to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our products or services. Lionella.Net uses 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption which is the highest level possible for SSL. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off"; link.
Which Information Can I Access?Lionella.Net gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to visit Lionella.Net, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and interpretation, construction, effect and enforceability of this agreement shall be governed by International Law, and you agree to submit to the jurisdiction/courts of our choice for the determination of disputes. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please Contact US and send us a thorough description of any issue, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Statement, and our Conditions of Use will change from time to time as well. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. The date of the last change will be posted at the top of the Conditions of Use, and Privacy Statement pages. This will help you with knowing when the last change was posted. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give UsYou provide most such information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Lionella.Net. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers, and email address(es).
Automatic InformationFor security purposes Lionella.Net sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
Questions?Questions regarding our Conditions of Use, Privacy Statement, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff Contact US.
Continue
InformationQuick HelpFAQShopping HelpWishlist HelpCustomer ServiceShopping Our SiteSize ChartShippingReturnsPaymentRewards ProgramCurrenciesReviewsWholesaleCustom OrdersSite MapSign UpJoin NewsletterShop AccountBecome an AffiliateCompanyTestimonialsConditionsPrivacySecurityAboutAffiliatesContact
Privacy | Conditions | Affiliates | Contact
Copyright © 2006-2020 Lionella.Net
All rights reserved.