http://www.pokezorworld.com/policy.htm
PokezorWordOur Security Pledge
We are very aware of how important it is to today's internet
consumers to know their personal information is "100% secure". We want
you to know that we go to great lengths to make sure that our customers are
secure. Using the most advanced encryption technology called “Secure Socket
Layers“ (“SSL”) all credit card numbers and personal information is
scrambled and encoded making it impossible for anyone to see it. We guarantee
your security 100%!
Email Privacy Policy
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our
firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with
us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving
information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or
purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your
time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of
data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone
without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information
submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for
purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for
information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing
services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email
from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply
follow the instructions at the end of any email.
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or
purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with
your comments to subscribe@pokezorworld.com for review.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was updated on August 31, 2018
Customer Service 1-417-827-0753
PokezorWorld.com
Our website is open 24 hours a day!
Office hours M-F 9am-5pm e.s.t.