https://www.goutcure.com/privacypolicy.html
Gout Care By Smith & Smith
Follow @CureGout
Order 24 hours a day 7 days a week online or by phone!
Call 1-877-633-4688
Home
Shipping Info
Privacy & Company Policy
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
Questions & Answers
Customer ReviewsGout
Quick Order PageSite Map
This site is hosted by Yahoo Small Business. Yahoo Small Business hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo Small Business automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo Shopping, Yahoo Small Business also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo Small Business uses this information.We run a secure https site to keep your information private at all times.Smith Enterprises does not sell or lend out any customer information. All customer information is strictly for our own use only.Privacy Policy
Privacy is important to Smith & Smith Enterprises.
This document describes the information we collect and the ways we use that information.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Smith & Smith Enterprises collects information on visitors to our website and the websites of our products. This information includes aggregate
information on what pages visitors access, email addresses of those who email us or sign up for our newsletters, and other information volunteered by the site visitor.You may unsubscribe or change your contact details at any time, please contact customerservice@goutcare.com
When you register for one of our products, we ask for additional information such as your name, company name, and billing information (for paying accounts).
HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION
To facilitate the use of our products
For billing purposes
To improve our products and services
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not ever share or sell your personal information for commercial purposes except to provide products or services
you have requested, and only if we have your permission.
We do not ever share or sell information submitted to our system through visit, our newsletter or your purchase.
We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, ensuring the security of our network and services.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small amount of data that we store
on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies
are not required to browse our company and product sites, but are required when a purchase of our products has been made. We set and access cookies to record current session information only and are for no other purpose.
Guarantee Policy
We offer a 100 day 100% money-back guarantee.
We promise to exceed all expectations in customer service, education, and product results. We promise you nothing short of relentless effort to resolving every individual case, GUARANTEED!! If we have failed to stop your pain and control your gout, then we have not done our job, and your money is refunded. With less than 1/2 of a 1% return ratio, our confidence is well justified.We highly recommend a three bottle, 90-day supply for your trial use.
Use as directed for a full 90 days and if you are not completely satisfied you can simply email us, refund@goutcare.com, and we will issue you a form to process your refund.
Repeat customers are not eligible for our 100 day money-back guarantee.
Should you decide to discontinue the use of our product, we ask that you return any unopened bottles to us no longer than three months from the date of your purchase.
You will be credited for any unopened bottles that meet the time frame and subjected to a 20% restocking fee.
Again please contact us at refund@goutcare.com
and we will send you a refund request form immediately.
Return Policy
We are dedicated to every customer's chance to live pain free. Everyone deserves nothing less from us or from themselves. Our commitment to you comes from personal experience. Each of us here at goutcure.com has once walked in your painful shoes, and no one takes your condition lightly. We ask that you give yourself a fair chance at achieving the same common goal. While most feel immediate relief, we have also had some who have taken a bit longer for those 100% results. Keep in mind that Gout does not occur overnight and can take some body adjusting to get moving in the right direction. We strive to get to the bottom of any delays and have had amazing results in turning around even the "hardest to heal" cases. You owe it to yourself and your body to join our painless strides. Remember that even if you try a full 3 month (90 Day) supply used as directed and are still not completely satisfied then you will be refunded the cost of all bottles purchased up to 100 days from that purchase, simple as that! Just email refund@goutcare.com
to request the refund, and it will be processed immediately. We ask that if you have any unopened bottles that they be returned to us first and include a copy of your packing slip and/or a piece of paper with your name, number, and address on it. The credit card you used for the order will be credited.Return Address: Alternative Health Research LLC T/A Smith and Smith Enterprises 11941 Main St. #130
Libertytown, MD 21762
google-site-verification: googleccdb196400dc26a3.html