http://www.productioncarcare.com/website/privacy.htm
Privacy Policy
Production Car Care Products is serious about protecting your online privacy. Our Privacy Policy explains our views and practices concerning privacy, and
how they may pertain to you as a user of our website.  “You” or “Your” means you as a participant in or as a user of the Production Car Care Products  website. “We” or “Our” or “Us” means Production Car Care Products. “Our site” means Production Car Care Products .
All information transmitted, printed or otherwise submitted to Production Car Care Products via this website shall be deemed to be the property of
Production Car Care Products and Production Car Care Products shall be free to use such information for any lawful purpose as detailed herein.
This site may contain links to other sites and Production Car Care Products is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
We reserve the right to release such information to law enforcement or other governmental officials as we, in our sole and absolute discretion, deem
necessary to comply with the law.
Section 1: Collected Information
We automatically collect and/or track the following:
Web page http headers (home server domain names, IP address, type of client computer, and type of  browser);
Information knowingly provided by you through on-line forms, registration forms, surveys, and/or other entries, such as email addresses, personal,
financial or demographic information;
Information, user specific or aggregate, on what pages our visitors access; and
E-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with Production Car Care Products
via e-mailSection 2: Use of Data Collected
We use your personal, demographic and profile data to enhance your experience at our site and to enable us to present content we think you might be interested in. We use your contact information to send you information about our company and promotional material from our partners. We may also use your personal, demographic and profile data to improve our site, for statistical analysis, for marketing and promotional purposes, and for editorial or feedback purposes for our advertisers. Information collected by us may be added to our databases and used for future telemarketing, SMS text-messaging, e-mails or postal mailings regarding site updates, new products and services, upcoming events, and/or status of orders placed online. By using this site, you agree that you may be contacted in any manner contemplated in this section even if your number is found on a do not call registry, in-house list or similar registry.
Section 3: Disclosure of Data to Third PartiesIf you choose to provide personal information, it will be used for the following purposes:
considering you for a Production Car Care Product;
as required by law; and
for marketing products and services which we determine, in our sole judgment, that you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share,
rent, sell, or otherwise disclose data we collect to third parties.
Section 4: Your Opt-Out Rights
You may opt-out of receiving communications from us and/or our partners by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send
you.
Section 5: We Do Not Intend to Collect Data from Children
The information and services provided are not intended to be viewed by children (under 18 years old). No information collected from children is
knowingly used for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Production Car Care Products website.
Section 6: Our Right to Contact You
We reserve the right to contact you regarding your account status and changes to subscriber agreements, privacy policy, or any other policies or
agreements relevant to you.
Section 7: Our Right to Change
We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying you of the existence and location of the new or revised privacy policy or by
posting the changes online at our site.
Section 8: Our Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact us via
our Contact Us form.
Section 9:  Anti-Spam Policy. Can-Spam Act Compliance
Production Car Care Products is dedicated to ensuring compliance with the ‘Can-Spam Act’, which took effect January 1, 2004. You may receive email
from Production Car Care Products under the following circumstances:
Acknowledging your application has been received and requesting additional action
Requests for additional information to support your current application
Response to your inquiries regarding the status of your transactional requests
Thanking you for your valued business
Advertisements for our products, services, changes in services, new product availability
Advertisements for third party products and services where we have determined that such product or service may be of interest to our customers
To ensure compliance with the Can-Spam Act, Production Car Care Products  has implemented the following guidelines for email delivery:
All emails sent to you by Production Car Care Products will clearly identify the sender.  (NOTE: The actual sender may change from
department to department, but all from addresses will end with AT Production Car Care Products DOT com).
The Subject Line of any email you receive will always accurately describe the subject matter of the email.
Any email from Production Car Care Products will include the ability to unsubscribe from all future email messages.
Unsubscribing will ensure the customer is removed from ALL lists at Production Car Care Products; this excludes customer service emails regarding
the processing and status of a current product order.
All emails sent from Production Car Care Products include valid postal address information in the footer.
Emails sent to you by Production Car Care Products will include an email address and physical address where you can send suggestions, complaints
or other correspondence.
Section 10: Information for ISPs
Website: Production Car Care Products DOT com
Production Car Care Products understands consumers’ concerns over the use of their personal information. We hope this information will relieve any concerns your company may have regarding our email policies. Production Car Care Products and its affiliated sites use only an “opt-in or opt out” method of obtaining customer information and it is not our policy or desire to send unsolicited email. We may obtain email addresses and personal information from third parties that follow the same set of policies. Production Car Care Products email
messages always include information about the origin of emails you receive and instructions on how you can unsubscribe from receiving future
email messages.