http://www.myfavoritetoys.com/privacy.html
Menu
Chuggington Wooden Railway
Engines & Vehicles
Buildings & Tunnels
Track & Accessories
Thomas Wooden Railway
Engines & Vehicles
Talking Engines
Thomas Track
Sets
Playtables & Accessories
Videos & DVDs
Books
Bulk Wooden Track
HomeMyFavoriteToys.comSecurity and Privacy
Security and Privacy
How do you protect my Privacy? MyFavoriteToys.com cares about your privacy. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will never be sold or provided to any other entity for solicitation or advertising purposes.
Is it safe to use my credit card? MyFavoriteToys.com uses Secure Sockets Layer encryption, the industry standard for Internet security. Your personal and credit card information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet during the checkout process. You can click the following seals to verify the systems we use to encrypt our site.
Merchant Services
SSL Certificate
Children MyFavoriteToys.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use MyFavoriteToys.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Cookies
Cookies are files that your Internet Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. MyFavoriteToys.com uses cookies to provide you with personalized service. For example, cookies keep track of items you put into your shopping cart and whether you've visited our site previously. Cookies also help us run our business better by helping us determine how users find our site and how many visitors we have. We do not use cookies to collect personal information about you without your knowledge.
Links
This site may contain links to websites operated by other businesses. MyFavoriteToys.com does not control these other sites and isn't responsible for their content. We don't necessarily endorse the linked sites or have any association with the operators of these sites.
Our Mailing List
MyFavoriteToys.com periodically sends out an email newsletter to inform our customers about special offers, new products, and other information related to our products and website. We never share this information with others. If you would like to be removed from our newsletter mailing list, please contact us.
Categories
Chuggington Wooden Railway (3)
Engines & Vehicles (6)
Buildings & Tunnels (1)
Track & Accessories (4)
Thomas Wooden Railway
Engines & Vehicles (18)
Talking Engines (2)
Thomas Track (2)
Sets (3)
Playtables & Accessories (4)
Videos & DVDs (26)
Books (12)
Bulk Wooden Track (30)
Fun Stuff
Thomas & Friends Character Guide
Chuggington Character Guide
Thomas Wooden Railway Layouts
Chuggington Railway Layouts