https://www.cbperformanceparts.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Call Us: (847) 662-5916
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Services
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Blog
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Categories
Exhaust
Signs and Trail Markers
Snowmobile Accessories
Track Templates
OEM Parts
Studs and Backers
Roetin Products
Studboy Products
Woody's Products
Performance Stud Stars
Carbide Runners
Woody's
Camso Tracks
Cross-Country Tracks
Mountain Tracks
Racing Tracks
Touring Tracks
Trail Tracks
Utility Tracks
93" Tracks (Youth)
114" Tracks
116" Tracks
120" Tracks
121" Tracks
128" Tracks
129" Tracks
136" Tracks
137" Tracks
139" Tracks
141" Tracks
144" Tracks
146" Tracks
150" Tracks
151" Tracks
153" Tracks
154" Tracks
156" Tracks
159" Tracks
162" Tracks
163" Tracks
165" Tracks
174" Tracks
175" Tracks
Engine Components & Ignition
Spark Plugs
Apparel
Helmets
Clutching and Drives
Belts
Yamaha Helixes
Suspensions
Front Suspension
Rear Suspension
Body Accessories
Aluminum Steering Spindles
Snowmobile Skis
Slides
Sale
Popular Brands
Camoplast Woody's Voss Signs NGK SPI Roetin CB Performance Parts GMAX Camso Carlisle
See all brands
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.  When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ; To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs); To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://www.cbperformanceparts.comYour Consent By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. https://www.cbperformanceparts.com1300 Northwestern Ave. Gurnee, Illinois 60031
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 CB Performance Parts.
Sitemap |
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce
Connect with us: Facebook
Visit us on Google+