https://www.electrospares.net/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicylUKRCv2019-07-20T12:50:28+00:00
Last updated: 01 April 2018Any personal data or sensitive personal data provided by you to us will be held and processed in accordance with the data protection principles set out in the Data Protection Act 1998 for the purposes of meeting the legitimate interests of Electrospares.Net™ Ltd The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, discussion lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by Electrospares.net Ltd.
At Electrospares.Net™ we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers and website visitors. Our relationship with you is valuable and we understand the importance you place on the privacy and security of information which personally identifies you. In that respect, and whether you are a first time visitor to our website or a regular user, we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following in order to learn more about our privacy policy and our information gathering and dissemination practices.
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy. The following policies are only in effect for the Web pages, newsletters, discussion lists and opt-in announcement lists owned and operated by Electrospares.Net™ Ltd.
How do we deal with your financial details?Electrospares.Net™ Ltd does not intend to store, or currently store, the financial details of customers (credit or debit card numbers).
What information are you collecting and how are you collecting it?Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers, that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” IP address. When a visitor requests a page from Electrospares, our Web servers automatically recognise that visitor’s domain name and IP address.
The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. We use this information to examine our traffic in aggregate, and to investigate misuse of the Electrospares.net Ltd website, its users, or to cooperate with law enforcement.
See also Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties? We do not collect and evaluate this information for specific individuals. Our Web servers do not automatically record e-mail addresses of the visitors.
What are cookies?From time to time, Electrospares.Net™ Ltd or its advertisers may send a “cookie” to your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your Internet browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
A cookie can’t read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system. We use cookies to identify which areas of Electrospares.Net™ Ltd you have visited, to store details that are needed temporarily by the Electrospares.Net™ Ltd website.
This information solely relates to your visit at the Electrospares.Net™ Ltd website. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you’ve seen an advertisement. Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on our site.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent.
If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
Subscriptions and NewslettersUsers of our website can register for e-mail newsletters and news updates. This service is entirely optional and you may unsubscribe at any time by contacting us or clicking on the Unsubscribe Link within the Email.
Contest and SurveysFrom time to time we may offer users the option of participating in contests or surveys. Participation is entirely optional. Any information you provide during the course of a contest or survey is used by us in order to conduct research, improve our facilities and services or award prizes. Additional terms and conditions may apply to contests, which will be notified to prospective applicants.
Optional InformationWe may request optional information from you on our registration forms. We request this optional information so that we may serve you better (eg to provide more tailored products and services to you) and so that we may understand our users better (eg through internal research, data analysis, market research and product research). If we request this additional information from you we will identify it as optional.
What information do you collect when I register?Electrospares.Net™ Ltd offers access to some services that require registration. We may use your registration contact information to send notification to you of Electrospares.Net™ Ltd.
Website Usage DataWith or without cookies, our website keeps track of usage data, such as the source address that the page request is coming from (i.e. your IP address, domain name), date and time of the page request, the referring website (if any) and other parameters in the URL (eg search criteria).
We use this data to better understand website usage so we know what areas of our website users prefer. This information is stored in log files and is used for aggregated and statistical reporting but is not attributed to you as an individual.
SecurityWe recognise industry standards and employ security safeguards to protect information from unauthorised access and misuse. We use the most accurate and current information you provide in order to process your request.
Furthermore, whenever you transmit sensitive information such as billing or credit card information to us through our website we provide you access to our secure server that allows encryption across the internet. This is done to help protect you from unauthorised use of the information you are sending to our server.
Will you disclose the information you collect to outside third parties?Electrospares.Net™ Ltd will disclose personal information and/or an IP address, when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
Cooperate with the investigations of purported unlawful activities and conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Electrospares.Net™ Ltd,
Protect and defend the rights or property of the Electrospares.Net™ Ltd sites and related properties, or visitors to the Electrospares.net Ltd sites and related properties,
Identify persons who may be violating the law, the Electrospares.Net™ Ltd legal notice and Web site User Agreement, the rights of third parties, or otherwise misusing Electrospares.Net™ Ltd or its related properties,
Fulfill a user’s order or request.
Electrospares.Net™ Ltd and our partners use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. Electrospares.Net™ Ltd reserves the right to transfer all such information in connection with the sale of all or part of Electrospares.Net™ Ltd ‘s capital stock or assets. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive the information. We are not responsible for such third party privacy policies or how they treat information about their users
See below, What else should I know about my privacy when online? See What information do you collect when I register for something?
What else should I know about my privacy when online?Electrospares.Net™ Ltd may contain many hyperlinks to third party Web sites. Electrospares.Net™ Ltd may also contains advertisements of third parties. Electrospares.Net™ Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party Web sites or advertisers.
Electrospares.Net™ Ltd does not share any of the individual personal information you provide Electrospares.Net™ Ltd with the third parties to which Electrospares.Net™ Ltd links, except as stated elsewhere within this Privacy Policy, although Electrospares.Net™ Ltd may share general, aggregate data with such third parties (such as how many people use our site).
Please check with those Web sites to determine their privacy policy.
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online – for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere – that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return.
Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you’re online.
Changes to Privacy PolicyWe may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our web pages.
Your Consent To This AgreementBy using the Electrospares.Net™ Ltd Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by Electrospares.Net™ Ltd as specified above. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Electrospares.Net Ltd privacy policy sets out what personal buyer information we receive from Electrospares.net , how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties. We abide by and are compliant with the Data Protection Act 1998 (herein referred to as “The DPA”) and the General Data Protection Regulation (herein referred to as “The GDPR”) which comes into effect on 25th May 2018. We are committed to keeping buyers’ personal information secure and confidential.
Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data
For the purposes of The GDPR, we are the Data Processor when selling on Electrospares.net  and processes all personal data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner. Under Article 6 of The GDPR, the lawful basis on which we process personal data received from Electrospares.net  is that of “Contract” – whereby processing is necessary in order to fulfill buyer orders and enquiries. We retain information provided by Electrospares.net , such as transaction information for internal financial accounting purposes. It is a legal requirement to retain this information for a period of 7 years.
Data We Receive: Personally Identifiable Information
We receive personally identifiable information from Electrospares.net  only when it is voluntarily submitted by buyers when placing an on-line order. The data we receive includes: name, billing address, delivery name, delivery address, e-mail address (in encrypted format), telephone number, date of order, items ordered, value of items ordered, chosen method of delivery. We do not sell or rent personally identifiable information to any third party for any purpose.
How we use buyers’ personal information
We may use any personal buyer information provided by Electrospares.net  to:
process and dispatch buyers’ order/s
carry out regulatory checks to meet our legal obligations
prevent and detect crime
develop and improve our products
undertake anonymised statistical analysis (we won’t be able to identify individuals from this data)
We treat all information we hold about buyers as private and confidential. We will not reveal any personal details or details concerning buyers’ orders to anyone not connected with us, unless:
a buyer asks us to reveal the information, or we have a buyer’s permission to do so
we are required or permitted to do so by law
it is required by law enforcement, fraud prevention or credit reference agencies
We may share buyer personal information with our suppliers, service providers and other contractors only to fulfil orders buyers place with us on Electrospares.net .
Data Subject Access Requests
Under The GDPR buyers are entitled to obtain from us (the Data Processor for the purposes of The GDPR when selling on Electrospares.net ) a copy of the data held concerning them and to have any inaccuracies in the data rectified. We are obliged to provide this data to within 1 calendar month of the request and free of charge. However we have the right to refuse or charge for requests that are manifestly unfounded or excessive and repetitive.
Your RightsYou have the right to ask for a copy of the information held by us in our records in return for which we may charge a small fee. You also have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Please send any questions about our Privacy Policy to: aw@electrospares.net
Company Details: Electrospares.Net™ Limited
VAT Reg No 895723376
Registered in England 19 December 2005: No: 5657578
Registered Offices Allia Future Business Centre, Peterborough United Football Club, London Road,
PETERBOROUGH, PE2 8AN . United Kingdom.
Go to Top