http://www.spa-mart.com/company/sales-terms-and-conditions.cfm
Call Us Toll-Free (800) 823-3618
Search
Featured Products
Hot Tub CoversSpa covers starting from $249.95
Spa ChemicalsName-brand water care at rock bottom prices
Filter CartridgesLongest-lasting best value spa filters
Spa Cover LiftsBest selection of cover lifters
Hot Tub StepsSpa steps starting at $62.95
Spa AccessoriesSpa tables, LED lights and more
We also carry SpaScenes cover murals, pool table covers, and many lines of spa fragrances.
Brands
Leisure Time
Spa Pure
SpaGuard
Nature2
Spa Frog
AquaChek
SeaKlear
Natural Chemistry
Rendezvous by GLB
GLB Pool Care
Cover Valet
Leisure Concepts
PleatcoPure
Confer Plastics
303 Products
EZ Spa by APi
ecoONE
inSPAration
Covers & Lifters
Spa Covers
Hot Tub Covers
Floating Spa Covers
Walk-On Spa Covers
Cover Caps
Spa Cover Care
WindStraps
Spa Cover Saver
SpaScenes Murals
All Cover Lifters
Cover Lifter Selector
Cover Valet
Cover Caddy
Cover Rock-It
Cover Rx
Covermate Lifters
Lifters for Round Spas
Slide Under Spa Mount
View all spa covers and lifters.
Chemicals
All Spa Chemicals
Spa Sanitizers
Spa Water Testing
Spa Water Balancers
Spa MPS Shock
Spa Clarifiers
Spa Maintenance
Filter Cleaning
Aromatherapy
Spa Water Care Help
All Pool Chemicals
Pool Water Testing
Pool Sanitizers
Pool Shock Oxidizers
Pool Algaecides
Pool Balancers
Pool Clarifiers
Pool Cleaning Products
Pool Stain Control
Pool Remedies
Filters & Accessories
PURE Pleatco Spa Filters
Search For Your Filter
Filters for Hot Spring
Filters for Sundance
Filters for Jacuzzi
Filters for Artesian
Filters for Cal Spa
Filters for Master
Filters for ThermoSpas
Spa Steps
Filter Cleaning Tools
Spa Safety Rails
LEDs & Lights
Spa Tables & Trays
Robes, Towels & Storage
Spa & Patio Umbrellas
Booster Seats
Fun and Games
View all spa & hot tub accessories.
Shop By Spa Brand
Hot Spring Spas
Jacuzzi Hot Tubs
Sundance Spas
Master Spas
Dynasty Spas
Dimension One Spas
Caldera Spas
ThermoSpas
Coleman Spas
Garden Leisure Spas
Vita Spas
Coast Spas
Artesian Spas
Baja Spas
Cal Spas
Gulf Coast Spas
Don't see your brand here? No worries! We sell filters, covers, & chemicals for ALL spas & hot tubs.
Garden & Patio
Pool Table Covers
Planters (Coming Soon)
Outdoor Furniture (Coming Soon)
Firepits (Coming Soon)
Customer Care
Manage Your Account
Store Directory
View Cart & Checkout
Help Center
Knowledgebase
Contacting Us
Privacy Policy
Sales Terms & Conditions
Free Shipping Policy
Sales Terms and Conditions
Revision Date: December 29, 2016
Agreement.  If Buyer has not otherwise agreed to these Terms of Sale,
then Buyer’s acceptance of delivery of, or payment for, the goods of Seller (the
“Products”) and/or the services of Seller (the “Services”) shall constitute
Buyer’s agreement to these Terms of Sale.  Seller objects to and will not agree
to any terms that are additional to or different from these Terms of Sale.
Terms that are printed on or contained in a purchase order or other form
prepared by Buyer that are additional to or different from those herein shall be
considered inapplicable and shall have no force or effect.
Payment
Terms. Payment Terms are subject to the sole discretion of America's SPA-MART.  Unless otherwise agreed to by America's SPA-MART, payment must be
received by America's SPA-MART prior to acceptance of the order.  Payments may
be made by credit card, personal or corporate check, or some other prearranged
payment method unless credit terms have been agreed to by America's SPA-MART.
Invoices are due and payable according to the terms stated on the invoice.
Special order products such as custom-order spa covers and billiard table covers
may not be cancelled once the order has gone into production at the
manufacturing facility. All special order product orders are PREPAID in advance
of order fulfillment.
Shipping
Charges. Charges for shipping and handling will be shown on the invoice(s).
Shipping inside of the continental United States is free for most products on orders exceeding $100.00 USD.
Notable exceptions are the inside delivery and other miscellaneous charges that
may imposed by the freight carrier.  Please feel free to call us if you feel
that you might have a difficult delivery location that may be applicable to
these charges. Shipping charges whether charged
or not charged due to free shipping promotion are non-refundable and will be deducted from any refund on a returned item.
Title. Title to products passes from America's SPA-MART to the customer upon receiving them
from America's SPA-MART or partner facility and full payment has been
received.
Shipping Damage.
SPA COVERS & FIREPIT TABLES VIA LTL CARRIERS. Customers are responsible for proper inspection of the shipment at time of receipt. See spa cover receiving information below. Failure to do a proper inspection may jeopardize the ability to file a freight claim with the carrier. Concealed damage (damage discovered after the shipment is received) that this reported later than 24 hours after receipt may jeopardize the ability to file a claim with the shipping company. Customers have the right to select his/her own freight carrier for large items such as spa covers if they are willing to pay the difference of shipping cost between their selected carrier and our preferred carrier.  Damage
and/or loss that occurs during shipment by another carrier is the responsibility of the
customer.
IF YOUR SPA COVER IS DAMAGED AT ALL, PLEASE REFUSE THE SHIPMENT. No matter what the driver may or may not tell you, you can and must refuse a damaged shipment. In the event of a refused damaged spa cover, the cover will be immediately returned to our facility for inspection and a new unit will be shipped out within 48 hours. If you properly refuse a damaged spa cover, the process is automatic requiring no further action on your part as we will file the claim on your behalf.
In the event that the delivery receipt is signed, the purchaser will be responsible for filing the freight claim with the carrier. In this situation, another cover will need to be ordered (and paid for) and the appropriate claim information will need to be submitted along with the original and replacement invoices. The freight carrier will then pay you directly. IT IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT TO NOT ACCEPT A DAMAGED SPA COVER SHIPMENT. If a damaged cover is signed for, our personnel can advise you on the process, but cannot do the claim for you and the replacement cover must be purchased again.
PRODUCTS SHIPPED VIA PACKAGE SERVICES (UPS, FEDEX, DHL). Most of our products are shipped via UPS Ground. Since these shipments are generally not signed for, In the case of damage, please contact our office and we will send you replacements for the damaged items and will file the claim on your behalf.
Return
Policies. Products may be returned within 30
days of purchase if unused and/or uninstalled. Restocking charges for stocked
item products shall be 25% of purchase price if opened. All spa covers returned within 30 days of delivery are not subject to a restocking fee even if they have been used due to our Spa Cover Satisfaction Guarantee. On all returns including spa covers, customer
is responsible for cost of return freight and the original outbound freight costs whether charged or not charged due to a free shipping promotion is non-refundable.
YOU MUST CALL AMERICA'S SPA-MART PRIOR
TO RETURNING ANY ITEM TO OBTAIN RETURN AUTHORIZATION. Any products returned
without authorization will not be accepted upon delivery and will not be
refunded.
All returned spa cover lifters and removal devices will be assessed a flat $20 return charge in addition to the outbound freight charges for repackaging and verification of completion of kit.
If you need to return an item that you received as a result of an error on our part, we will reimburse you for the return shipping cost, in addition to sending out the correct item.
Defective items returned within 30 days will be replaced at our cost including shipping. After 30 days, defective returns are subject to the product's warranty.
Products. America's SPA-MART reserves the right to revise and discontinue products at any
time.
Sales and Coupons. America's SPA-MART may, from time to time, run promotions, coupons and sales on their
offered products.  These sale prices and coupon offers are only good during the specified time
period and may be discontinued at any time.
Referrals. From time to time, America's SPA-MART may refer our customer to another
vendor for a specified reason. America's SPA-MART will, in no way, be liable
for any transaction that occurs after such a referral.
Cancelling
Custom-Made Orders. Orders for custom-made spa covers and billiard cover may
only be cancelled up to the time at which production has been started. Refusal
of delivery of product does not constitute a refund.
Indemnity.  Buyer shall indemnify, defend and hold
harmless Seller with respect to all damages, losses, claims and expenses,
including consequential and incidental damages and attorney fees, that Seller
incurs as a result of Buyer’s breach of any of Buyer’s obligations under these
Terms of Sale.
Seller’s Rights.  Seller has all rights and remedies
that applicable law gives to sellers.  Seller’s rights and remedies are
cumulative, and Seller may exercise them at any time and from time to time.
Seller’s waiver of any right on one occasion shall not be a waiver of any
future exercise of that right.
Time For Bringing Action.  Any action that Buyer brings
against Seller for breach of these Terms of Sale or for any other claim that
arises out of or relates to the Products or the Services must be brought within
one year after the cause of action accrues.
Applicable Law.  These Terms of Sale shall be
considered to have been agreed upon in the State of Ohio, and shall be governed
by and interpreted according to Ohio law.  Either party may bring any action
that arises out of or relates to these Terms of Sale in any federal or state
court in Warren County, Ohio that has jurisdiction of the subject matter, and
Buyer irrevocably consents that any such court shall have personal jurisdiction
over Buyer and waives any objection that the court is an inconvenient
forum.
Export Laws.  Buyer acknowledges that Seller is subject
to regulations of governmental agencies that prohibit export of certain
products to certain countries.  Buyer warrants that it will comply in
all respects with the export restrictions applicable to the sale.
Severability.  If any provision of these Terms of Sale
is or becomes or is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable under the
applicable laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, such provision will be
deemed amended to conform to such laws or regulations without materially
altering the intention of the Parties, or it will be stricken and the remainder
of these Terms of Sale will remain in full force and effect.
Delivery
Notes For Spa Covers
Spa
covers are too large to ship with package delivery services (UPS Package, Fedex Package, DHL).
The must be shipped via LTL Common Carrier Truck.
Residential
deliveries include prior notification. Business deliveries do not. Prior
notification of business deliveries are subject to a notification fee from the
freight carrier.
Deliveries
are made Monday through Friday. There are additional charges for inside
delivery. Delivery includes the driver helping you take it off the truck.
You
or your agent MUST be present during delivery to inspect the shipment for
possible damage and sign the delivery receipt stating there is no damage.
If
the carrier attempts delivery (to a business during normal hours or to a
residence during a scheduled appointment time) and no one is available to accept
delivery, you may be assessed a redelivery fee by the freight carrier.
Inspect
shipment for any possible damage to the cover BEFORE signing the delivery
receipt. If you are unsure of the extent of possible damage to the box, open the box and inspect the cover BEFORE signing the delivery receipt. If the customer signs for a damaged spa cover, the customer is solely responsible for filing the claim with the carrier and purchasing a replacement.
Call
us toll-free at (800)823-3618 if you have any questions regarding delivery of
your new spa cover.
Responsiblities of Customer Upon Delivery
of Spa
Covers  (via motor freight
carriers)
All
spa covers must be thoroughly inspected by the receiving party prior to signing
the delivery receipt.  Look for any damage.  Open the box, if necessary, while
the driver is still there. Note any damage to the cover on the delivery
receipt.  If unsure of the nature of the damage from the outside of the box, open the box BEFORE signing the delivery receipt.  If the cover is damaged, DO NOT SIGN the
delivery receipt nor accept shipment.
IT IS THE SOLE RESPONSIBILITY OF THE RECEIVING
CUSTOMER TO THOROUGHLY INSPECT THE DELIVERED SPA COVER.  DO NOT SIGN THE
DELIVERY RECEIPT WITHOUT FIRST INSPECTING THE PRODUCT. NEVER SIGN FOR A DAMAGED SPA COVER.
If you
discover damage after taking delivery of the spa cover, call both
America's SPA-MART and the freight carrier immediately. The earlier you catch
the damage, the easier it is to convince the freight carrier to pay the
claim!
IF THE SPA COVER IS DAMAGED, SHIPMENT MUST BE REFUSED. IF THE PURCHASER OR THEIR AGENT SIGNS FOR THE SHIPMENT, THEY WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FILING OF THE FREIGHT CLAIM AND THE COST OF A REPLACEMENT UNIT. IT IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT TO NEVER SIGN FOR A DAMAGED SHIPMENT NO MATTER WHAT THE FREIGHT COMPANY TELLS YOU. IF THE SHIPMENT IS DAMAGED, YOU ALWAYS HAVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE THE SHIPMENT.
Click here for our Spa Cover Shipping Overview & Details
Spa Cover Satisfaction Guarantee - 30 Day Money-Back Policy
This policy was introduced and has taken affect as of August 16, 2012.
Unlike other spa cover sellers, we
allow returns of our spa covers for any reason within 30 days of delivery.
Spa cover orders
become eligible for the Spa Cover Satisfaction Guarantee once they have been received by the customer. The allotted 30 days return window begins on the day of delivery.
Customers may return their spa covers within 30 days of delivery for any reason, including circumstances in which the customer has ordered the wrong size, they do not like the color or configuration of the cover, or for any other reason in which they are not satisfied with the product.
No restocking fee will be assessed against the refund for returned spa covers.
Customer must call into our customer service department and, like any other return, must obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization number. Customers must fill out the spa cover return form that will be provided to them before a RMA number is issued.
Covers may be used, but must be clean and dry in order to be returned. They need to be returned in their original packaging if it is available. Suitable and approved packaging may be substituted upon request.
America's SPA-MART will attempt to assist the customer in procuring return freight services from our partner companies but cannot guarantee that the carrier that was utilized to deliver the cover will be able to
pick the cover up again. The customer is ultimately responsible for the return of the product to our facility and may use any carrier that they prefer. Like all of our other products being returned, the cost of the return freight service is solely the responsibility of the customer. In the event that America's SPA-MART sets up the return freight and the carrier requires that America's SPA-MART be billed in order for the maximum shipping discount to be applied, the customer must irrevocably authorize a payment equal to the cost that will be assessed before the pickup can be scheduled.
All covers must be returned to our main headquarters office located at 11361 Mosteller Road, Cincinnati, OH 45241. Covers may not be returned to any other location.
When the returned cover is received at our headquarters office, the customer will be refunded for the original purchase amount minus the cost of the outbound shipping.
Though not 100% free to exercise, like our standard return policy, we believe our Spa Cover Satisfaction Guarantee gives our customers the opportunity to return an
item that they have changed their mind about. Please contact us if you have any questions regarding this or any other policy regarding shopping with us.
Custom-made Spa Covers
Custom-made
spa covers may be made in whole or half inch dimensions.  For example, if you order a
75-1/4" x 86-3/4" spa cover, we will round these dimensions up to 75-1/2" x 87".
This will not affect the covers ability to seal and completely insulate your
spa.  In this case, the cover will only be 1/8" larger than specified all the
way around the spa.
Custom-made
spa covers will not be made less than the  specified dimensions. However, due to
the nature of spa cover manufacturing, we reserve the right to allow the cover
to be no more than 1" larger than the rounded-up specified size.
Custom-made
spa covers are not returnable beyond 30 days after the delivery date unless America's SPA-MART has improperly
manufactured the product.
Custom-made Billiard Table Covers
Custom-made
billiard table covers will not be made less than the specified dimensions.
However, due to the nature of billiard table cover manufacturing, we reserve the
right to allow the cover to be no more than 1/2" larger than the specified
size.
Custom size and color billiard table covers are not returnable unless America's SPA-MART has improperly
manufactured the product.
Spa
Database Usage Guidelines & Our Policy Requiring Customers To Physically Measure Their Spa Prior to Ordering
America's SPA-MART maintains a database of spa sizes for internal use as well as a sales
guide for its customers, retail and wholesale. All other uses are prohibited.
Please read the following notes on its use.  The use of the database signifies
acceptance of these guidelines.
Spa
Cover Configurator 2.0 Release Notes
Not
all spa manufacturers are represented in the database. Your spa´s manufacturer
may not be listed.
Though
we have tried to be thorough, all models for a given manufacturer may not be
listed in the database.
All
model year changes may not be in the database.
The
database is updated each day.  This can lead to unlisted information that we do
actually have. Call us at 800/494-9932 to check on your spa.
Disclaimer
of Liability
It
is the policy of America's SPA-MART to recommend to our customers that a physical
measurement of the spa be taken before ordering. The Spa Cover
Configurator is a tool to use in tandem with physical measurement. Our spa
covers are custom-made to specific customer specifications. The customer is
solely responsible for the measurement of the spa and hence its spa cover.
The
data in the database is what we use here in the office and our manufacturer uses
at the plant for reference. However, due to varying circumstances, data on your
spa may be inaccurate or not exist. Always take physcial measurements of the spa
before ordering a spa cover.
Further, America's SPA-MART cannot be responsible
for liability that may arise out of the use of this system. Though
error is unlikely, use is at the user´s own risk.
Usage
Permissions
This
spa cover configuration system is the sole property and intellectual material of
America's SPA-MART. America's SPA-MART grants any user interested in
purchasing a spa cover from America's SPA-MART, the right to use the system in
a non-malicious manner. America's SPA-MART does not grant permission to use the
spa cover configuration system to non-customers and/or individuals not
interested in purchasing our products. Expressed written consent from America's SPA-MART is required for system use by non-customers. For commercial usage
licenses of our spa cover configurator, please contact our office at
800/823-3618.
These terms were last updated on December 29, 2016.
Shopping atSPA-MART.com isSAFE & SECURE!GUARANTEED!You will pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping at SPA-MART.com
We guarantee that we will match any advertised price for the exact same product including the costs of tax and shipping on any product that we sell.
We Accept All
Major Credit Cards & Paypal
Talk to a live rep. Call us at (800) 823-3618
Our Sales Terms & Conditions Help Protect You & Us
It's important to understand the Sales Terms and Conditions that we present here.
If you have any questions regarding these, please give us a call at 800-823-3618 and we will be happy to answer them for you.
There may be a lot of words here, but we're not trying to pull a fast one on you.
We feel it's important to lay it all out there so everyone knows where they stand.
Thanks for your business!
We look forward to serving you.
Don't Miss A Deal! Sign up for our Insider's Newsletter for Articles, Tips & Savings!
About Us
Contacting Us
Help Center
Manage Your Account
Sales Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Free Shipping Policy
Connect With Us
SPA-MART Blog
spamart on Twitter
spamart on Facebook
AmericasSpaMart on YouTube
spamartdotcom on Pinterest
Call Us Toll-Free1 (800) 823-3618
Best Selection For Spas
Hot Tub Covers
Spa Chemicals & Water Care
Spa Filters
Spa Cover Lifters
Spa Accessories
Aromatherapy & Fragrances
Fun & Games
Robes, Towels, & Storage
Spa Steps
Safety Rails
Shop With Confidence
SPA-MART Rewards Program
Guaranteed Low Prices
Your Satisfaction Is Guaranteed
Your Privacy Is Guaranteed
Your Secure Shopping Is Guaranteed
Copyright © 2020 America's SPA-MART   |   Terms of Use   |   Copyright Information