https://www.permagrit.com/privacy/
Phone:
+ 44 (0) 1529 455 034
Email:
sales@permagrit.com
RequestourBrochure
Currency:
£
€
&dollar
View Basket
View Basket
0
Checkout >
Hand Tools
Hand Tools Coarse
Hand Tools Fine
Sanding Blocks
Rotaries
Small Rotaries
Large Rotaries
Needle / Riffler
18cm Needle
14cm Needle
14cm Riffler
Discs / Blades
Holesaws
Specials
FAQ
Contact
Customer Reviews
Composite Industry
Model Building
Stone Masons
Aircraft Industry
Woodworking
Home Improvement
Privacy
We endeavor to protect the information you provide and there are
various security procedures that have been put in place, as set out in
this policy. We have installed a mechanism that uses digital server
identities so that you can be sure that the web site you access is
Permagrit.com. This is done using one of the internet Trusted
Certification Authorities. When you access the secure pages of our site
your browser will be provided
with an electronic certificate confirming that you have accessed
our site
and all communications will encrypted. When you create an online
order,
request or feedback that is then passed on to the relevant
destination
using the same level of encryption, this includes credit card
verification.
Firewalls are used to block unauthorized traffic to the servers
and the
actual servers are located in a secure location which can only be
accessed
by authorized personnel.
For further information on security of this site, please contact:
Mr.
Ian Richardson, ianr@permagrit.com
Outside
the UK. Telephone +44 (0) 1529 455 034
Privacy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information
that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection
Act 1998) and according to the Which? Web Trader Code of Practice.
We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process
your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent.
We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us or
from another trader in the future.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
your name
address
phone number
email address
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit
consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check
the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any
inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance
with our internal security policy and the law and the Which? Web Trader
Code.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European
Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behavior of visitors
to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would
be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to
prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can
be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
Home
About Us
Contact
Brochure Requests
Dealers
Press Reviews
FAQ
Delivery
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Gallery
News
Events
Perma-Grit Tools Ltd.Old ForgeOsbournbySleafordLincolnshireNG34 0DNUnited KingdomPhone: + 44 (0) 1529 455 034Fax: + 44 (0) 1529 455 514Email: sales@permagrit.comRegistered Address: as aboveVAT No: GB 610 4434 86Company No: 05446062
Website and Graphic Design by Hat Trick Media.
Our website uses cookies so that we can provide a better service. Continue to use the site as normal if you're happy with this, or find out how to manage cookies.   x