http://www.naxosaudiobooks.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Updated as of 25 May 2018.
Naxos AudioBooks (UK) Limited (“Naxos AudioBooks”) respects your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding and protecting any data we collect about you. This Privacy Policy describes the practices that Naxos follows with respect to the privacy of the visitors to naxosaudiobooks.com, the type of information collected on the Naxos websites, how we will use it and the rights you have in relation to it.
1. Data Protection Legislation
We observe the  European Data Protection Legislation as described below to the extent it applies to the Personal Data we process about you.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “European Data Protection Legislation” means all applicable legislation relating to data protection, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and all legislation implementing or made under or pursuant to or replacing or superseding the GDPR. Where this Privacy Policy uses terms which are defined in the GDPR, then the definitions set out in the GDPR will apply.
“Personal Data” is data relating to you from which you can be reasonably identified. Examples of Personal Data include your full name, postal address, email address and telephone number. Naxos AudioBooks recognises that your Personal Data is valuable and processes your information in accordance with the European Data Protection Legislation.
2. Data controller
Naxos AudioBooks is responsible as data controller for the processing of your Personal Data collected on the Naxos AudioBooks websites under the European Data Protection Legislation.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect Personal Data to allow us to deliver information on the products offered by us. We make sure that the Personal Data we collect from you is necessary for and directly related to this purpose.
The Personal Data we collect from you includes your name and email. Credit card information we collect from you will go directly to our bank and no personnel of Naxos AudioBooks will have access to this data. If you choose to purchase a product from us, our third party payment processors will collect your payment information, and none of our personnel will have access to this data.
When you create an account to register for our services, we may collect Personal Data about you such as your full name, email address, username, password, postal address, contact number, country of residence, and other Personal Data such as your profession, birthday, company, etc.
We collect such Personal Data from you in a number of ways, including:
(a) directly from you, such as when you enter your personal details on our websites (for example during registration or application for products and services), when you provide information by phone or in documents such as an application form;
(b) from our own records of your dealings with us; or
(c) when legally required to do so.
We make sure that the way we collect data from and about you is lawful and fair in your circumstances.
We take all practical steps to ensure that you are informed of what data you are obliged to provide us, what data you may voluntarily provide us and what we may do if you do not provide us with data which you are obliged to provide.
3. Information you give us
This is information you give us when you enter your personal details on the Naxos AudioBooks website (for example during registration or application for products) or by contacting us via post, phone, e-mail or otherwise, in the context of your communication with Naxos. We will use your personal information to:
identify you;
provide you with information related to the products offered by us;
undertake risk assessment and management; and
respond to your enquiry or provide you with information that you request from us;
carry out obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and
ensure that content from the Naxos AudioBooks website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
We will, depending on the nature of your communication with Naxos AudioBooks with respect to your visit to the Naxos AudioBooks website, use your Personal Data in the following ways:
If you are making an enquiry about our products or requesting further information: we will respond to any enquiry you make and/or provide you with information that you request from us because it is in our legitimate interest to use your Personal Data to communicate with you, to respond to your request and to develop the relationship between us. If you submit Personal Data comprising an email address to Naxos AudioBooks, we may send you service related emails because it is in our legitimate interests to keep you informed of your account activities or service changes.
If you are a member of the public and you are making an enquiry about whether you could work for us: we will use your Personal Data to consider and decide how to respond to your enquiry because it is in our legitimate interests to use your Personal Data to consider whether we have any suitable job vacancies and to contact you about them. It may also be necessary for us to use your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation relating to how we manage our business.
If you are an existing customer of ours and you are making an enquiry about your agreement or relationship with us: we will use your Personal Data to consider and respond to your enquiry in the context of your business with us because it is in our legitimate interests to use your Personal Data to manage your business’ relationship with us. It may also be necessary for us to:
i. use your Personal Data to perform an agreement with your business, where we would be unable to provide those services to or receive them from your business without that information (for example, if a particular service or information is to be provided to you at your business, we would be unable to provide that service or information unless we were able to use your Personal Data for that reason);
ii. use your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation relating to how we manage our business relationship with you
If you are making an enquiry about Personal Data we may have about you: we will use your Personal Data to check our files and to consider and decide how to respond to your enquiry because it is in our legitimate interests, and in the legitimate interests of our clients, to use your Personal Data to consider how we may have used your Personal Data on behalf of our clients in order to determine how to answer your query. It may also be necessary for us to use your Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation relating to how we manage our business or our relationship with your business.
If you opt-in to receive marketing communications, we will use your Personal Data to contact you to share information about the relevant products, news and events. When you enter your contact details for this reason and click “sign up”, you will be consenting to us contacting you for these purposes. We will only be able to send you marketing communications if you have provided your consent.
You are entitled to withdraw your consent to us contacting you by emailing info@naxosaudiobooks.com with the subject heading “unsubscribe” for any of the above reasons at any time. Otherwise you may request for your account to be deleted or to cancel your subscription. You may also be asked to review or indicate your preference for receiving email newsletters, including promotional materials, and be reminded to keep your account updated in case any of the initial information you submitted later changes.
If you subsequently decide that you do not want to receive correspondence from us about our products, including newsletters, marketing or promotions, and/or other topics please click the “unsubscribe” link provided in that promotional email message. Withdrawing your consent will not affect our use of the Personal Data prior to your withdrawing that consent but it will mean that we will not be able to contact you about the services we may be able to offer you or your business. However, as long as you maintain an account with us, we may send you informational or service related emails because it is in our legitimate interests to keep you informed of your account activities or service changes.
4. Information we automatically collect about you
When you visit the Naxos AudioBooks website, we may automatically collect information such as your IP address and browser type using cookies, web beacons and log files. This automatic data is primarily used for delivering and optimising services offered by us, such as:
(a) authenticating your identity and confirming whether you are currently logged in;
(b) providing you with relevant, personalised content in order to help us focus on what you are most interested in; and
(c) improving our services, whereby we may occasionally display different versions of content to you and measure your usage of our web site pages.
To the extent this information constitutes Personal Information, we use it to ensure that content from the Naxos websites is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device because it is in our legitimate interest to improve our customers’ online experience in relation to the Naxos websites.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files which are placed on your browser and the hard drive of your computer, mobile or other handheld device as your browse the Naxos AudioBooks website. We use cookies to store information about your visit to the Naxos AudioBooks website and distinguish you from other users.
The use of cookies helps us to provide you with a good browsing experience when you visit our websites by displaying content effectively and obtaining and analysing statistics about the use of our websites. By continuing to use the Naxos AudioBooks website you consent to our use of cookies as explained in this Privacy Policy.
The following table sets out the types of cookies used on the Naxos AudioBooks website and provides detail about what they are used for. When you use the Naxos AudioBooks website for the first time, cookies which are essential to make the Naxos AudioBooks website operate (see those identified as “essential cookies” below) will have been set but other cookies will not have been set unless you agreed to those cookies being set at that time. If you have agreed to accept cookies then the Naxos AudioBooks website will remember this and continue to set cookies each time you visit. If you do not want cookies to be stored, then you may turn off certain cookies listed below individually or you can select the appropriate options on your web browser to delete some or all cookies. Please note, however, that if you block some or all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to use or access some or all features of the Naxos AudioBooks website.
Cookie type
Cookie name
Purpose
Further information
Essential cookie
ft_recent_posts
Tracks and displays recently viewed pages.
Updates as pages are viewed.
Essential cookie
viewed_cookie_policy
Determines if a user has accepted the cookie policy via the pop-up message.
Expires in one year.
Tracking cookie
fr
Provides information on how visitors are using the website (e.g. page visited, avg. time on page).
Expires in three months.
If you require more information on our use of cookies, you may contact downloadshop@naxosaudiobooks.com.
If you would like to disable cookies, you can set your web browser to reject cookies. However, if you disable the cookie function, you may not be able to access or receive all the information contained on the Naxos AudioBooks website. How to alter your cookie setting will depend on the type of browser you use.
Please note that Google, YouTube and other third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies as a result of you visiting other websites, over which we have no control.
5. Disclosure of your Personal Data
We do not provide any Personal Data provided by you to any third parties other than where required by law or as set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell, trade or rent your Personal Data to others. Your email address will not be distributed to any third party.
We may make certain disclosures in answering your query or providing you with services and by visiting the Naxos AudioBooks website, you agree disclosures to the following third parties:
advertisers, which may collect aggregated statistics from the Naxos AudioBooks website;
payment processors who will collect your payment information if you choose to purchase a product from us;
other companies and individuals which we employ to provide certain services such as email marketing services (e.g. analysing customer lists, deliverability statistics, opens and clicks), marketing assistance or consulting services. These third parties may have access to information needed to perform their function but can not use that information for any other purpose;
credit reporting agencies and other financial institutions including our own bankers, service providers; our professional advisers, such as our accountants, auditors and lawyers, insurers and industry groups having a legitimate reason to receive such information.
6. Records of your Personal Data
We will keep a record of the Personal Data that we receive from you in order to answer your query, respond to a request for more information about the services, or in response to an enquiry from one of our existing suppliers. We will only retain the Personal Data collected from a user for as long as the user’s account is active or has otherwise not been cancelled and the user has not requested that their Personal Data be deleted. We will retain Personal Data to fulfil the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law. All Personal Data will be retained only as necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
We will delete our copy of your Personal Data upon request from the end of our contact with you for a minimum of 18 months, although we may retain a record of the existence of the relationship, to the extent and for so long as we are required to do so by law. For example, if you have contacted us to ask us for the processing of your Personal Data to be erased, we will retain a record of your request in order to ensure we comply with your wishes.
7. Your Rights
With respect to the Personal Data that Naxos AudioBooks collects about you from its website, to the extent that you are located in the EEA, under the European Data Protection Legislation you have the right to:
a) request access to that Personal Information;
b) receive a copy of the Personal Data that you have provided to Naxos AudioBooks in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format so that you can share it with others;
c) request the transfer of your Personal Data to another party;
d) ask that Personal Data be erased;
e) object to us possessing your Personal Data by asking for the processing of that Personal Data to be restricted or stopped. For example, if Naxos AudioBooks uses Personal Data for marketing purposes; and
f) make a complaint to a European data protection authority about the manner in which Naxos AudioBooks processes your Personal Information.
Please contact Naxos AudioBooks to exercise these rights or for additional information at info@naxosaudiobooks.com
In addition to the above, you have the right to review, update, and correct your account information and preferences at any time by managing your account’s Profile page. If there is any information that you are not able to edit or delete, contact info@naxosaudiobooks.com  to help you make the amendments.
You have the right to request for your account to be terminated and your information to be deleted when there is no longer a legitimate or legal reason for us to keep your Personal Information.
On the other hand, if you wish to change or use other services affiliated to us, you may request for your data to be transferred or transmitted.
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes we make to this Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy, which will be effective immediately when posted on this website or notified to you as applicable.
Contact Us
For further information on our Privacy Policy please contact us by sending a message to info@naxosaudiobooks.com
Request for access to data or correction of data or for information regarding policies and practices and kinds of Personal Data held by us should be addressed to:
Naxos AudioBooks (UK) Limited
5 Wyllyotts Place
Potters Bar
Hertfordshire
United Kingdom
EN6 2JD
Telephone: +44 (0) 1707 653326
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.