http://www.futurepets.com/helpdetail.shtml#security
NO SALES TAX on orders shipped to locations outside of Texas. That means you could save up to 10% in tax.
Security/Privacy
Content & Pricing Details
Ordering Details
Back-Orders & Discontinued
Shipping & Tracking Details
Handling Charges
Motor Freight Details
Special Orders
Returns
Defective or Damaged Items
Warranties
Terms of Use
Our No-Hassles Policies
Order with Confidence
We take good care of our customers and it shows. See the details below.
Security
You can rest easy. This site is secured by the latest encryption technology. Your data is never outside of our control, and Trust Guard repeatedly scans and verifies that our transactions are safe and secure. You can verify the Trust Guard report at the bottom of your screen.
Privacy
How we Collect Data:
We use your IP Address, your Browser Client, and the occasional browser cookie, to determine who you are for internal tracking and linking you to your PegasusCart® so that it can keep track of your requested items while you shop. This assures that your items will arrive in your cart as you choose them.
Further, we may also use the collected data mentioned above, for tracking and prosecuting individuals who commit fraud or theft of our data or services.
Distribution of the information we collect:
We do not provide your private information to others.
Third party advertising:
In the event we permit a third party to advertise on any of our sites, they will do so using their own collected data.
We shall not provide any personally identifiable data we collect from you to any third party.
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time and without notice. Please Check back here for updates or changes if you have any questions.
Content
Product Descriptions, Colors, Sizing: All dimensions are approximate.
We attempt to be accurate in all of our product descriptions. However, because we must depend on manufacturers and other sources, we do not warrant that product descriptions or other Content on this Site is accurate. Some content may be inaccurate or incomplete. manufacturers sometimes change packaging or labelling on products without notice, SO ACTUAL PRODUCT PACKAGING AND MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN DIFFERENT INFORMATION THAN THAT SHOWN ON THIS WEB SITE, THUS WE DO NOT GUARANTEE OR ENSURE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF ANY PRODUCT INFORMATION.
We strive to accurately display the colors of our products. However, as the actual colors you may see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
No two animals are alike. We will print the most accurate details possible of item sizes and recommendations for fit if we know them. However, all sizes are approximate, and we can NOT guarantee items as far as the fit for your individual pet. We try to be as accurate as possible but do not guarantee precision beyond accuracy within an inch or so.
Bedding is sized as human linens are sized - before the seams are sewn and the item is stuffed. Therefore, when the item is stuffed, it's apparent length and width may seem smaller than the un-stuffed dimensions.
Collars are different from different manufacturers. Some print a measurement that is from tip of buckle to tip of material. Others measure from middle of buckle to longest hole. We try to make this clear on the site and give you a general idea of how to measure to get a good fit. Of course, the fit is not exact nor guaranteed due to the variation in individuals. If your pet is likely to gain weight or grow, you will also want to plan a little extra growing room.
NEED MORE PRODUCT INFORMATION? If you need more details about a listed item before you can place your order, a knowledgable and helpful sales associate will be delighted to help you Monday through Friday 9:00am-5:00pm United States CST. You may call toll free 1-888-738-3976. However, we are sometimes overwhelmed with the volume of inquiries, or we may not be able to give you details without some research, in which case our sales associates will refer you to our email Research Department.
Medical or Pharmaceutical content is for educational information purposes only. Such content is not intended to substitute for diagnosis, treatment and observation/diagnosis of a physician or veterinarian or other appropriate medical professional as the case may deem. Content does not cover all precautions, side effects and interactions, and should not be construed to indicate the safety of a medical device or drug. Consult your medical professional for guidance before using any drugs. Before administering any drug, or using any medical device, please check product information (including package inserts) regarding dosage, precautions, warnings and interactions.
All content, provided on this site is for educational purposes only. Such content is intended to supplement, not substitute, the diagnosis, treatment and advice of a medical professional.
If you happen to find a product is not as described, your sole remedy is to return the product in unused condition.
Pricing
Product Pricing
We strive to provide our customers with accurate pricing information. Nevertheless, sometimes pricing or typographical errors may occur. Futurepets.com cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price due to an error in pricing, we reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item.
In the event that an item is mis-priced, we may, in our sole discretion:
If an item's correct price is lower than our stated price, we charge the lower amount and ship you the item.
If an item's correct price is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Prices subject to change without notice.
Tax:
Retail tax is charged only to shipments shipped to or ordered by persons living in Texas. Our tax rate is 8.25%!
Orders
Occasionally, there are unusual circumstances surrounding an order.
We hereby reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason whatsoever.
Please note that sometimes there may be certain orders we are unable to accept. For your convenience, you will not be charged until your payment method is authorized, the order information is verified for accuracy and your order is shipped. Certain instances may result in your order being cancelled because of limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department.
From time to time, we may require additional information and identification before accepting an order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is cancelled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is cancelled after your credit card has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card in the amount of the charge.
Futurepets.com and its parent company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to determine and limit the number of items purchased per order, per household, or per person. These restrictions may be applicable to orders placed by the same account, the same credit card, and also to orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. All offers are void where prohibited.
Because we have not anticipated all possible large volume or extra heavy purchases to single individuals, heavy or large volume orders may incur extra shipping above that calculated by the order cart. We reserve the right to limit quantities and/or charge actual shipping charges on bulk quantity orders weighing over 20 Lbs.
Order Changes
Order Changes
Once an order enters the fulfilment process, it cannot be changed or cancelled. We send orders directly to the warehouse, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. If it has left customer service to enter the shipping process, it cannot be cancelled by you or by our customer service department.
Our sales staff will be delighted to help you make a new order for additional items or access return forms to return an unwanted item Monday through Friday 9:00am-5:00pm United States CST. You may call: 1-512-292-4738
If you wish to cancel an order after we have processed or shipped and before you have received it, please call our service desk to request an authorization to refuse receipt to avoid the 20% restocking fee (except in the case of metal cages or special order items, which are charged the restocking charges regardless). Due to UPS and FEDEX Policies, shipping will be charged both ways on refused items. Call 1-512-292-4738.
We cannot re-route or stop a shipment that has already entered UPS or FEDEX systems.
Backorders
Backorders &Discontinued Items
From time to time (and much to our dismay), shortages and out of stocks will occur. Items may be back-ordered for three reasons:
There is more demand for the item than we originally anticipated, and our suppliers have to re-supply us with the additional inventory.
The manufacturer has failed to ship to us in a timely manner due to a shortage of parts, materials, etc.
Transportation strikes, natural disasters, etc.
When we experience an out of stock situation, your entire order will be shipped at one time if the out of stock item arrives within 5-10 working days of the date of your order.
If we don't anticipate being able to restock quickly enough to meet the 10-working day limit, your order may be shipped minus the out of stock item. At that time, out-of-stock items priced over $15.00 will be treated as a backorder unless the customer requests that we not ship back-orders. Out-of-stock items priced under $15.00 will be deleted from the order, and you will be asked to re-order at another time.
For standard-sized back-ordered items, freight will be calculated on the entire order, charged on the first part, and the back-ordered items will be sent as quickly as possible with no additional freight charges. Oversized items (those marked with * ~ or ++) that are back-ordered will be charged the actual freight when they are shipped.
If we don't anticipate re-stock of an item in a reasonable amount of time, your order will be shipped minus the out of stock item, and you will be asked to re-order at another time.
Discontinued items will, of course, not be shipped.
You will receive a notice on your emailed invoice indicating the dispensation of any items not shipped.
Shipping
Shipping Time:
Some items are shipped from our warehouses. They usually ship the same day you order if your order arrives before 1:00 pm. Others are shipped directly from the manufacturer to save money on shipping charges. Those orders may be delayed by manufacturer backlogs. We cannot always anticipate those problems, but if we encounter one, we will send you an email about the delay the moment we are notified.
Many dog boxes are made to order. Any manufacturer delay in shipping is generally noted on the item description.
Shipping Time is calculated from the day of shipping - not the day of ordering.
Days in transit does not include Weekends or Holidays. ie: 5-7 day delivery is 5-7 BUSINESS days from the date your order ships.
Packages shipped to addresses considered "Out of Area" by UPS or Fed Ex may take a day longer to arrive than our expected delivery schedule.
Packages shipped via motor freight take longer.
Shipping Cost:
Our shipping charges are not inflated to create profit for us. We offer very reasonable rates, approximated on UPS's actual charges. You will see the exact shipping charges in your order cart as you build your order if it is shipping to a street address in the lower 48 states.
We strive to provide our customers with accurate information before checkout. Nevertheless, sometimes order cart errors may occur. Futurepets.com will contact you if we receive an erroneous or incomplete order.
Some items ship for FREE! When you see this sign,
the price you see is what you get.
In case of a return, items which were shipped by free shipping will be back-charged normal shipping charges to your home before credit is issued.
How we Deliver:
Items are shipped to you "Best Way". They arrive via UPS, Fed Ex, USPS, or Motor Freight, depending on their size and configuration. Postal Addresses, Alaska, Hawaii, APO and FPO addresses present special challenges and cost more to ship than regular lower 48 states packages. The price shown in the shopping cart for those orders may not be accurate.
In some cases, our usual shipper will not deliver to a USPS address, and we may have to contact you for a street address for delivery.
Aerosols and some products with hazardous contents such as pesticides (defined by the govt) cannot ship by air
ADDRESS CHANGES
Occasionally UPS or Fed Ex tells us that the address given by our customer is not the correct delivery address. As a courtesy, they change the address and continue with the delivery. However, the cost for the change is billed to our account. When that happens, we must back-bill our customer for the change.
Package Tracking
Most orders will receive a tracking number, which is forwarded to you automatically by UPS. Orders shipped by manufacturers may take a little longer to send the tracking number. It comes to our offices and is forwarded on to you.
If you don't receive the number fairly quickly, check the SPAM and TRASH folders of your email in case your email provider has named us SPAM and thrown our communication out. If you still have a question, contact us for the number.
International Precautions:
Some items sold by Futurepets.com or its affiliates cannot be shipped internationally due to import restrictions or size. Orders that are shipped to countries outside of the United States are considered received by the customer the moment they ship. The also may be subject to import taxes, customs duties and fees levied by the destination country. We are not responsible for any of those charges. Any package seized by the country of origin's customs or official intermediaries are still the responsibility of the customer who ordered the item - whether it is delivered, returned to us, held in perpetuity - regardless of the dispensation of the package. No credits can be issued.
Handling
Handling, Oversize, Separate Shipping, Fragile Items:
Many items are not considered "oversize" by UPS and require no special handling. Should any item require special handling due to its bulk or weight (or if items come from different warehouses in separate packages) additional fees may be charged for heavy or separate shipping. Unlike many nefarious sites that hide those charges from you as you fill your cart, any extra handling or separate shipping charges are added WHEN YOU ADD YOUR ITEM to your PegasusCart. Your charges are instantly and always visible. You will see those charges (BEFORE you are asked to finalize your order) included in "Packing and Insured Delivery". You can also see the exact handling charges on any individual item in the "Heavy/Oversized or Motor Freight Charges".
Freight
Motor Freight: Most Dog Boxes, Pick-up Truck Tool Boxes, Pre-Fab Dog Kennels, and some Animal Cages that don't collapse down to a UPS-shippable size always ship via motor freight. Items with + in their descriptions will have actual Motor Freight Charges added to their total cost before shipping. Those charges are specific to your exact address, so be sure that we have the correct delivery address and a daytime telephone number to contact you both before shipping and at the scheduled delivery time.
If there will be additional charges not visible to you instantly, this information will be made obvious to you in the item details.
We will email the exact Motor Freight charges for your approval before charging or shipping the order.
We assume your grooming table, cage or kennel will ship to your residence. The residential delivery charge is already included in promotional shipping items and in items which do not have "destination-specific" Motor Freight charges. Items that have "destination-specific" charges will include a residential delivery charge and a lift gate to unload the product off of the truck.
Motor Freight Items frequently take up to 10 business days.
Motor Freight items cannot be shipped to PO Boxes or to International Customers.
Inspection of Motor Freight Deliveries: The customer must inspect the delivered item for damage (both external and not visible from the outside) upon receipt of the merchandise. That requires removing any shrink wrapping, cardboard or other packing materials so that all aspects can be inspected. Any damage should be noted on the carrier's acceptance report, and such damage reported to Futurepets.com or its affiliates such as AluminumDogBox.com within 24 hours of delivery.
Once the product is accepted by the Customer without notation of damage, damage incurred becomes the responsibility of the Customer, and (while Futurepets.com or its affiliates such as AluminumDogBox.com will help file any latent damage claim)
Futurepets.com or its affiliates such as AluminumDogBox.com is not liable for damage incurred subsequent to receipt and acceptance of the product.
In all cases of damage, save all of the packaging and packing materials and call our customer service department within 24 hours (1 business day) of receipt. 1-512-282-3003.
Special Order
NON-RETURNABLE ITEMS &SPECIAL ORDERS
Most Dog Boxes, Pick-up Truck Tool Boxes, Pre-Fab Dog Kennels, and some Animal Cages are Special Order Items. Because of that, they cannot be returned unless there is a defect in workmanship in which case we will replace with an identical product.
Returns
Return Procedures for NON-special order Items:
We want you to purchase anything in this catalogue risk-free. You'll usually find our product descriptions more complete than other pet supply catalogues. We feel that the more you know about a product, the more likely you are to like it when it arrives.
That's important to us because when you do receive a product from us, you have 30 days from the date of the invoice to decide if:
It is what you expected
It fits your needs
It is what you want
If, upon viewing an item, you're not delighted with any merchandise you buy from us, just return it to the shipping center from which it came (Our authorized agents will instruct you in any particulars) in new, unused condition. Some manufacturers charge a 10% restocking fee, which we must pass on to you. Please call the service center for a Return Authorization and instructions for where to ship the item, as they come from and must be returned directly to the manufacturer's shipping center instead of our own warehouse. Call us M-F 8:30 am to 5:00 pm
Let us know what instructions you have concerning replacement, substitution, or refund.
Send any return prepaid, insured, in new, unused condition with its original parts, instructions, packaging, and your invoice (or a copy) within 30 days of the date on the original invoice.
Items that do not meet these few conditions will be subject to an additional restocking fee or, at the Company's option, returned to the customer without a refund. Shipping costs on any package returned to you will be charged to your account.
We are not responsible for damage which occurs in transit by return nor do we accept COD returns.
When we receive your return, we'll exchange it or refund the purchase price (less shipping and handling*), whichever you prefer. (Please allow 10-21 days for credit issue)
Upon their return, items which were shipped by free shipping will be back-charged normal shipping charges to your home before credit is issued.
Refusals
If you Refuse Delivery of an Item
We strive to give you the best service available anywhere. An order placed and shipped form our warehouse at your request is considered your responsibility as soon as it leaves our warehouse.
If you wish to cancel an order after we have processed or shipped and before you have received it, please call our service desk to request an authorization to refuse receipt. This sometimes allows us to cancel the 20%-40% restocking fee (except in the case of items shipped directly from a manufacturer who charges the return fees regardless or on special order items).
Due to UPS and FEDEX Policies, shipping will be charged both ways on refused items. Credit will be issued for the item, minus shipping charges both directions and minus a 25% - 40% restocking fee (depending on the item) Call 1-512-292-4738.
Defective
Defective Merchandise:
We purchase from the most reputable manufacturers, and there is rarely an issue with defective products. However, factories make the occasional mistake.
If an item doesn't work properly, please call the manufacturer (listed in the product literature) or e-mail our customer service department to report the problem immediately. In most cases (because we're not experts at diagnosing problems), we will put you into direct touch with the manufacturer.
In all cases, save all of the packaging and packing materials and call our customer service department within 24 hours. (1 business day) of receipt. 1-512-282-3003.
Defective items will be replaced with the identical item or handled by the manufacturer directly.
Damage
Items Damaged in Shipping:
We ship by the most efficient means possible, and products are guaranteed to arrive undamaged. However, damage occasionally occurs.
If a package appears to have obvious damage on the outside which may affect the product inside, please refuse shipment at your door or ask the carrier to note the damage on his shipping manifest and call our customer service department within 24 hours to report any damage sustained.
If you find damage subsequent to delivery, save all of the packaging and packing materials and call our customer service department within 24 hours (1 business day) of receipt. 1-512-282-3003.
Damage due to pet behavior:
While most manufacturers warrant against defects in workmanship, and UPS warrants against damage due to shipping, no manufacturer will warrant any product that is chewed up or destroyed by a pet.
FuturePets.com, and Aquarius Enterprises, Inc. will not assume responsibility for injuries or damage (direct or incidental) caused by destructive pet behavior.
Kennel Behavior notice:
Some animals will react negatively when placed in a kennel environment. Please ensure that your pet is properly trained or see your Veterinarian for assistance. People who own large or aggressive breed dogs should carefully select the type of modular kennel best suited for these dog breeds. No kennel is warranted to be escape or tamper-proof. FuturePets.com, and Aquarius Enterprises, Inc. will not assume responsibility for injuries or damage (direct or incidental) caused by aggressive or destructive pet behavior.
Warranty
Warranty Information
We carry the best products, sell new items only, and your products are covered by the best manufacturer's warranties in the industry.
Our customers experience very few problems. However, should you experience a problem with any item during its manufacturer's warranty period, you can turn to the manufacturers with confidence. We'll gladly help you get in touch with them directly to save you both time and expense.
Call 1-888-738-3976 or 1-512-292-4738 for Futurepets.com customer service M-F 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Central.
Liability
Limitation of Liability
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANES, OR UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL FUTUREPETS.COM OR ANY OF ITS EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT LOSSES OR DAMAGES, WHETHER SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIOL OR OTHERWIWSE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF, INABILITY TO USE, OR MALFUNCTION OF THIS WEBSITE. YOU, THE USER, WILL BE SOLEY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE, OR LOSS OF DATA TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR OTHER PROPERTY THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL. FUTUREPETS.COM WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE PURCHASE OR USE OF PRODUCTS OFFERED FOR SALE ON THIS SITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. SOME STATES MAY LIMIT THE ABILITY OF VENDORS TO DISCLAIM IMPLIED WARRANTIES; THEREFORE THE LANGUAGE OF THIS PARAGRAPH MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THIS COMPREHENSIVE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY APPLIES TO ALL LOSSES AND DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (WHETHER GENERAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA, INCOME OR PROFITS), WHETHER IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF Futurepets.com HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SET FORTH ABOVE, SO THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF ANY PART OF THIS LIMITATION ON LIABILITY IS FOUND TO BE INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE FOR ANY REASON, THEN THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF PETS UNITED UNDER SUCH CIRCUMSTANCES FOR LIABILITIES THAT OTHERWISE WOULD HAVE BEEN LIMITED SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100).
IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THIS WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SITE, OR WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THIS WEBSITE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be modified only to the extent necessary to make it enforceable and the other terms of these Terms and Conditions shall remain in full force and effect. The failure of FUTUREPETS.COM to act with respect to a breach of these Terms and Conditions by you or others does not constitute a waiver of any nature and shall not limit FUTUREPETS.COM'S rights with respect to such breach or any subsequent breaches in any way.
These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed under Texas law without regard to conflicts of law provisions. Any action or proceeding arising out of or related to the use of this Site, or these Terms and Conditions must be brought in the state or federal courts of Texas and you hereby consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts.
Terms and Conditions may change without notice. Use of this website by you following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the modified Terms and Conditions. We encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions whenever you use this website so that you have reviewed the most current version.
In the event that any provision of the Terms and Conditions conflict with the law under which the Terms and Conditions are to be construed or if any such provisions are held invalid, such provision will be deemed to be restated to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties in accordance with applicable law, and the remainder of these Terms and Conditions will remain in full force and effect.
You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Futurepets.com, its parent company
and/or its affiliates from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, arising from or related to your use of the Site or any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions.
TOP
Security/Privacy
Content & Pricing Details
Ordering Details
Back-Orders & Discontinued
Shipping & Tracking Details
Handling Charges
Motor Freight Details
Special Orders
Returns
Defective or Damaged Items
Warranties
Terms of Use
Reach us Mon - Fri, 9:00am to 4:30pm CT. Or send us an email
Some images are the contribution and courtesy of FreePik and Vecteezy
Illustrations are the property and credit of FreePik and Vecteezy
Dog (Cute Illustration of Dogs): Designed by Freepik
Cat (Handdrawn Cats): Designed by Freepik
Fish, Bird, and Reptile (Amusing animals): Designed by Freepik
Horse: Vector Art by Vecteezy
Flea Image (Cute Illustration of Dogs): Vector Art by www.Vecteezy.com
Lovely Pets Labels: Vector Art by Designed by Freepik
Shop Catgories
Home
Dogs
Cats
Fish
Birds
Reptiles
Ferrets
Ponds
Horses
Fleas
Your Account
Account Details
Login
Logoff
Wishlist
Checkout
Let Us Help
Email Us
Customer Service
Security/Privacy
Content & Pricing Details
Ordering Details
Back-Orders & Discontinued
Shipping & Tracking Details
Handling Charges
Motor Freight Details
Special Orders
Returns
Defective or Damaged Items
Warranties
Terms of Use
Quick Links:
Airline Crates & Carriers
Orders & Inquiries: 1-888-738-3976 (toll free) • 512-282-0624 • Fax: 512-292-7957
Customer Service: Mon-Fri 9:00 am - 4:00 pm Or send us an email
©: Copyright 1996- by FuturePet.com. All Rights Reserved