http://www.birkenstock.com.au/privacy
To receive delivery by Christmas, please place your order before the 10th of December. Orders placed after this date cannot be guaranteed delivery in time. Orders placed between 20th November and 25th December will have an extended return period of 8 weeks. COVID-19 UPDATE – Due to high volumes in the Australia Post and freight systems, there may be some delays in deliveries.
Privacy Policy
Birkenstock.com.au's privacy level is P1.
This is a summary of (and not a substitute for) the full privacy policy.
This website collects the following types of information:
personal
On this website:
We collect a range of personal information from you. We do not disclose your information to others, except where required by law. We encrypt the information that we collect for the highest level of protection.
NOTE
If you wish, you can contact the person responsible for privacy on this Web site. http://www.birkenstock.com.au/contact.
Where personal information is collected:
It is only held while you are a customer, or for any extra period required by law.
You are able to amend or delete your personal information held by the site.
Our detailed policy is below.
About this Policy
Purpose
The purpose of this privacy policy is to communicate clearly the personal information handling practices we follow when we collect and deal with your personal information, including how you can contact us if you wish to correct or access personal information we hold about you.
Privacy Act 1988 (CTH)
We are required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (APPs) contained in the Privacy Act 1988. Under the APPs, we are required to have clearly expressed policies on our management of personal information. The APPs contain rules about the collection, use, disclosure and storage of personal information. This privacy policy sets out how we comply with our obligations under the Privacy Act 1988.[privacy act]
The Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) can be viewed at http://www.austlii.edu.au/au/legis/cth/consol_act/pa1988108/
How is our privacy policy structured?
Our privacy policy is ‘layered’ as it is presented in three layers. The first layer is the Privacy icon shown on the bottom of the web page in which we collect your personal information. It provides a quick snapshot of our information handling practices. The second layer, the one page summary that you reach from the icon link, provides you with a summary of how we collect, use, disclose and store your personal information, how you can contact us and which Act applies to our activities. The third layer is this full privacy policy that provides a more detailed explanation of our information handling procedures.
Our personal information handling practices
What is personal information?
We use the definition of personal information contained in s 6(1) of the Privacy Act. It states that personal information is 'information or an opinion (including information or an opinion forming part of a database), whether true or not, and whether recorded in a material form or not, about an inpidual whose identity is apparent, or can reasonably be ascertained, from the information or opinion'.
Collection of personal information
We try to collect personal information directly from the inpidual.
We only collect personal information for purposes which are directly related to our activities and only when it is necessary for or directly related to such purposes. These purposes include:
To provide you with information you have enquired about
To provide you with goods you have purchased
To provide you with services you have purchased
When you ask to be on an email or mailing list so that we can send you information about our activities and/or publications
When you send us information about an event you are organising for us to publicise on our website
For normal communication processes when we might email you, text you or phone you
Browsing
When you only browse the website, we do not collect your personal information.
When you look at our website, our internet service provider makes a record of your visit and logs (in server logs) the following information for statistical purposes:
Your server address
Your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .org, .au, etc)
The pages you accessed and documents downloaded
The date and time of your visit to our site
Whether you have visited our site before
The previous site you visited, and
The type of browser being used. We do not identify you or your browsing activities except, in the event of an investigation, where a law enforcement agency may exercise a warrant to inspect the internet service provider's server logs.
Cookies
Our website may use cookies. You may choose to disable cookies in your browser but this may affect your use of the site in some areas.
Use and disclosure of your personal information
We do not disclose your information to third parties.[use & disclosure]
Data quality
We take steps to ensure that the personal information we collect is accurate, up to date and complete. These steps include maintaining and updating personal information when we are advised by you that your personal information has changed.
Data security
We take steps to protect the personal information we hold against loss, unauthorised access, use, modification or disclosure and against other misuse. These steps include password protection for electronic files, securing paper files in locked cabinets and physical access restrictions.[protection mechanisms]
If you choose to join our email lists, complete online forms or lodge enquiries, your contact details are stored on password-protected databases.
Deletion of data and unsubscribing
When you cease to be a member of our website, we will destroy your personal information in a secure manner or delete it. If you have not purchased goods, services or visited our website for six months we will delete your information. You can request that your personal information be deleted at any time.
You may also request us to delete any personal information we hold about you by emailing our contact person whose details are below. You may choose to opt out of further contact from us by sending us an email containing the word ‘unsubscribe’ in the title of the email.
Access and correction
If you wish to request access to the personal information we hold about you, or request that we change that personal information, we will allow access or make the changes unless we consider that there is a sound reason to withhold the information under relevant law such as the Privacy Act, Freedom of Information Act 1982 (Cth) (FOI Act) or other relevant information.
You can obtain further information about how to request access or changes to the information we hold about you by contacting us (see details below).
How to contact us
You can obtain further information in relation to this privacy policy, ask questions about it or provide any comments, by contacting us:
http://www.birkenstock.com.au/contact
There's nothing in your cart!
Women
Men
Kids
Accessories
All
Repairs
Stores