http://www.flyclothing.com/content/privacy-policy.html
Home Privacy PolicyFlyClothing, LLC is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our web site. Below you will find information, which describes how FlyClothing, LLC collects, protects and uses information it receives from visitors to the web site. FlyClothing will not share any information obtained on this site with any other company or sell information obtained on this site to any company or marketing group unrelated to FlyClothing, LLC. FlyClothing, LLC is committed to protecting your privacy online. Our Privacy Policy demonstrates our firm commitment to protecting the privacy of our customers. We use the information that we collect about our customers to fulfill product and service purchases and to create a more personalized online experience. When you shop at FlyClothing, LLC we collect transactional information, or personally identifiable information, from you such as your name, telephone number, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, credit card or other payment information. FlyClothing does not sell or rent your transactional information to others. FlyClothing, LLC uses customer information only for the purposes of filling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information, and enhancing the user experience.Email Policy & SharingWe will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only used to notify you of orders or services and information related to your order or service.Newsletters You will be added to Flyclothing.com's email newsletter list only if you register to receive newsletters via our website or are apart of our affiliate network, which may include our followers from: Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest and others. You may opt-out of receiving our newsletters at any time by clicking on the opt-out link included in every email newsletter we send. We may also send request for testimonials or specials offers if you register at Flyclothing.com and make a purchase.Security and Privacy Flyclothing.com's web site uses security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We store the information in a database in a secure environment at our data center. We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law.Secure Online Ordering Since all of our online transactions are done through a secure server, you can be sure that your information is safe. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the internet. We guarantee that every transaction you make at FlyClothing, LLC will be 100% safe, and under the Fair Credit Billing Act, we promise to protect you from any unauthorized charge to your credit card as a result of shopping with us. What Information Does FlyClothing, LLC Collect and How Do We Use It? When you register on the site, we need you to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, day phone number and credit card information (when ordering products only), as well as create a user name and password. This allows us to keep a user profile so that we may customize preferences for each specific user, as well as provide a faster method for users to submit information to FlyClothing, LLC and receive back either the information or products desired.Are Cookies Used? Cookies are used to achieve two goals. The first is to provide FlyClothing, LLC with the capability to customize information for certain segments of its customer base. Secondly, in some instances, cookies are used to allow FlyClothing, LLC the opportunity to associate individual customers with their information profiles. Cookies are standard on the Internet and many major web sites use them. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies you can change your browser to prevent or notify you when you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. Even without accepting a cookie you can still access most of the features on FlyClothing's site. However, cookies are used by FlyClothing, LLC to track shopping basket items through the order and browsing process, so you won’t be able to place an on-line order if you disable cookies. Visitors who disable cookies can still place orders over the telephone by calling FlyClothing's customer service number at 888-359-2568. We are always ready to help.What is a Cookie? A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed into a web site, is placed on the web Server into the browser’s application folder on your computer. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the web site to "recognize" you as a unique individual. In most instances, a cookie does not enable a User to be recognized as a name (e.g. John Doe). Rather, it will recognize an individual as a series of numbers (e.g. TRACKID=MC_12688).Notification of Changes Flyclothing.com will notify its members and users via email if we make any changes to our Privacy Policy. Any changes in policy will be posted on our site at least one week prior to its taking effect. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Statement, or the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our website.
About Flyclothing.comFlyclothing.com was born in the summer of June 2002 in Venice Beach, CA with the discovery of one rock and roll line of clothing and then expanded into rock and roll, retro and fashion apparel.  It pioneered many brands and was one of the 1st companies to bring apparel online.  It has been over 18 years since that moment and the company has since expanded from its beginnings into many other styles and brands. Flyclothing.com continues to focus on being the #1 destination for rock and roll clothing by expanding the product brands, delivering competitive pricing and an excellent customer experience.My Account..My Account..My orders..My credit slips..My addresses..My personal info..LoginContact Us..Contact usPO Box 1715Higley, AZ 85236480.422.7350888.359.2568Hours 10:00-5:00 (MST)Information..Privacy Policy..Terms & Conditions..Flyclothing Secure Payment..Shipping & Return Policy..Customer Loyalty Program..Special Offers..About us..SitemapNewsletterSubscribe to our newsletter and keep up with news, promotions, sales and discounts!
subscribe
Youtube
Copyright © 2000-2020 Flyclothing, LLC. All rights reserved.
Product successfully added to the product comparison!Product successfully removed from the product comparison! Continue shopping Go to Compare