http://www.gooseberrypatch.com/gooseberry/database.nsf/v.pages/f.privacy
SHOP | SHOPPING BAG | LOGIN
Recipes
Appetizers
Beverages
Breads
Breakfasts
Candies
Canning
Condiments
Cookies
Desserts
Gifts & Gift Mixes
Mains
Salads
Sandwiches
Sides
Snacks
Soups
Cookbooks
New
2021 Calendars
All
Autumn
Baking
Blank Cookbooks
Canning & Preserving
Christmas
Comfort
Country Friends
Coupon Organizers
eBooks
Entertaining
Gifts & Crafts
Healthier Eating
Kids
Online Organizers
Organizing
Our Favorites Series
Outdoor
Paperback Series
Photo Series - 101 Recipes
Quick & Easy
Regional titles
Sale
Slow Cooking
Summertime
Free Goodies
Sign up for our Emails!
Share a Recipe
Read Our Blog
Join us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Computer Help
Cookbook Collector's Checklist
Watch our Videos
Search:
Cookbooks
Recipes
Help
Main Help  |  Technical  |  Shopping & Returns  |  Services  |  Safety & Privacy  Your Account  |  Contact Us  |  FAQs
Privacy Policy
Gooseberry Patch takes seriously the issue of safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy and how it pertains to you as you make full use of our many offerings.
Personal Information Received Online:
We do not require any personal information from you to browse our website, including our Online Recipe Box. We do require your name, address, phone number, e-mail address and credit card information when you place an order. This information is for the purpose of confirming, shipping and charging your order. This information will only be used for our internal purposes. We will request a shipping address, if it is different from the billing address.
If you are a Gift/Specialty Retailer and request a copy of our B2B catalog we will also collect the details previously listed, except for credit card data.
Your e-mail address will never be shared with any other individual or company. It is used by Gooseberry Patch to confirm your internet order, and share of Circle of Friends eLetters (emails) with you. By placing an order, you are added to our Circle of Friends email mailing list, unless you unsubscribe.
We may retain your personal information for a period of time, the length of which will depend on the purpose for which we originally collected the information.
Children under the age of 18 please have a parent’s permission before placing an order or registering with us. We do not knowingly solicit orders or collect personal information from children under the age of 18.
If You have reason to believe that any personal information has been submitted to Us by a child, contact Us and upon verification of each claim, we will delete that personal information as soon as possible.
To sign up to receive Gooseberry Patch emails, all we require is your email address. So that we may provide you with promotions and interesting and relevant content, we may also request additional information such as how you heard about us.
Gooseberry Patch does not collect any personally identifiable information that you do not expressly provide.
Use of Cookies:
We use cookies to collect generic information, such as how you use our site and what you've collected in your shopping bag, so that we may be able to make our website better for our customers. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive that enables us to collect this information. Gooseberry Patch will never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that is not related to our site or services.
If you do not want cookies, your browser most likely includes a setting in which they won’t be accepted.
This information is retained until you close your browser or you/your browser deletes them.
Your location data including IP address may be gathered for marketing research purposes.
Third-Party Cookies:
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Again, the acceptance or refusal of these cookies is in most cases manageable via your web browser settings.
Links to Other Sites:
In our quest to bring you the most relevant, actionable content possible, Gooseberry Patch may create links allowing you to access third-party sites. Gooseberry Patch is not responsible for the content that appears on those sites and does not necessarily endorse these sites. Please consult those sites’ individual privacy policies in order to determine how they treat user information.
Third-Party Advertising:
Some of the ads appearing on our Web site may be delivered to you by our Web advertising partners, currently only Google Adsense. Ads appearing in our emails are provided by LiveIntent.
Information about your visit to an advertiser's site or sites, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address or any other personal information), is used to serve ads to you. For more information about our advertising partners, cookies, and how to opt out, please contact us at customer@gooseberrypatch.com
Choice/Opt-Out:
If we are sending you information by email concerning new products, promotions or recipes
that you do not wish to receive in the future Gooseberry Patch will provide you with link to unsubscribe in every email.
Unsubscribes and hard bounces from your email provider are automatically removed from our system, block bounces, often a temporary issue from a provider are removed after 2 consecutive bounces and are done weekly.
Site Security:
We use the industry standard SSL certificate from GeoTrust, a company that validates the security of our website, to verify that your financial information is encrypted. You do not need to worry about the process of sending us your credit card information. You can determine if you are in a secure area of the website by the key or lock icon on the bottom of your screen.
Legal Disclaimer:
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, Gooseberry Patch may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.
Business Transitions:
Gooseberry Patch's assets, including user personal information needed to continue to operate, transferred to National Book Network/Rowman & Littlefield Publishing Group as of January 31, 2015.
In the event Gooseberry Patch goes through another business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Deletion of Account:
Should you ever decide to delete your Gooseberry Patch account, you may do so as follows:
1) email only - click unsubscribe in any of our emails or email customer@gooseberrypatch.com and we will do for you immediately; 2) email and order history - call National Book Network's Customer Satisfaction Department at 800-85GOOSE or customer@gooseberrypatch.com and your account will be deleted from our order processing system, BookMaster, and our web ordering system, Lotus Notes.
This can be completed in a few moments during normal business hours. If you terminate your account, any association between your account and information Gooseberry Patch stores will no longer be accessible through your account.
Modification to This Policy:
Gooseberry Patch reserves the right to modify this policy, but in the event we do so we will maintain complete transparency — any changes to the policy will be immediately posted here, so be sure to check back for future information.
Contact Us:
If you have any questions about this policy or our site in general, please contact customer@gooseberrypatch.com.
If you prefer to speak with a representative you may call the Customer Service department toll free at 1-800-854-6673 from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST and they will take the information for your inquiry and forward it to the
Site Administrator.
Editorial Policy
JoAnn & Vickie’s favorite items are selected by them, our editorial staff and/or trusted contributors, although products and establishments cannot pay to be recommended by JoAnn & Vickie or Gooseberry Patch.
When a product is chosen that directs you to another site Gooseberry Patch may receive a commission on your purchase.
Our advertisers are featured in obvious positions on our website and emails. Your trust is important to us.
Most importantly, we will never sell or share your information or our subscriber list. Your e-mail address will never be shared with any other individual or company. It is used by Gooseberry Patch to confirm your internet order, and share our Circle of Friends emails with you.
About |
Terms and Privacy |
Editorial Policy |
Contact
Customer Satisfaction |
Ordering FAQ |
Wholesale |
Sitemap
www.gooseberrypatch.com |
4501 Forbes Blvd. #200, Lanham, MD 20706 |
800-854-6673
©2020 Gooseberry Patch |
All rights reserved.