http://www.customsuspension.com/pages/privacy-policy
Services
parts
Skip to content
Search
Home
Services
Videos
Store
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Custom Spring
OEM Spring
Coil Springs
Trailer Parts
Timbren
Air Bags
Shackles
U Bolts
Pacbrake
Lift Blocks
Hangers
Shocks
Tents
Winches
Rough Country
Custom / OEM Leaf Springs
U-Bolts
Trailer Parts
Service
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Light Vehicle Repairs
Heavy Duty Truck Repair
Hendrickson Repair Services
Fifth Wheel / RV Trailer Repair
Contact
Log in
Create an Account
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
This policy is applicable to CUSTOMSUSPENSION.COM (the "Site") owned and operated by
Carrier Spring Service
33733 KING RD.
ABBOTSFORD B.C. CANADA
CUSTOMSUSPENSION.COM is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We realize that conducting transactions at our Site requires trust on your part. We value your trust very highly, and pledge to you, our customer, that we will work to protect the privacy of any personal information you provide to us and that your personal information will only be used as set forth in this policy. It is important for you to know how we use and treat the information we receive about you through the Site. CUSTOMSUSPENSION.COM does not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone.
For each visitor to our Site, our web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name, but not the e-mail address. Therefore, we only collect visitors' domain names, and not the e-mail address of visitors to our web site -- unless that information is voluntarily submitted in one of the forms on the site. Information that is collected through forms on our website will be used by CUSTOMSUSPENSION.COM to fulfill orders placed on the Site, and will be used to contact consumers for marketing and information purposes only with the customer's prior agreement. If you elect not to receive e-mail or other marketing materials from us no such material will be sent. However, if you later wish to receive such material you may contact CUSTOMSUSPENSION.COM via the Contact Us page to notify us of your desire. If you have specific questions about our third party partners requiring a direct response from the partner, information such as the customer's name, address and related contact information may be provided to the partner in order to respond directly to you.
By using this site, you signify your assent to CUSTOMSUSPENSION.COM Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.