http://www.2diamonds.com/policies.html
Member of:
Our Goal As A Diamond Company Is Not To Sell You Our Inventory But To Provide You Our Costumer With Your Exact Dream Diamond.
Our policy is: You don’t pay for your diamond before you actual see the diamond and say “I Do I Do” love this Diamond.
After you give us the details of what you are looking for we will offer you a Diamond that we feel comfortable offering you because it will precisely fit your description. We strongly uphold that you must see the diamond before you make your final decision therfore we will ship the requested Diamond overnight (Free of Charge!) after authorization (not charge) of your credit card, (other alternatives possible).
Upon receipt, you may hold the Diamond two or three days for viewing and appraising purposes. If the Diamond suites your expectations, you will then pay for the Diamond.
If for any reason the stone is returned within the time designated, we will cancel the authorization, and you owe us nothing. Prior authorization will be cancelled only after we verify that the said stone is returned intact.
We will only be satisfied when the costumer is 100% satisfied.
Privacy
Policy
2Diamonds.com values the
privacy of our visitors/customers and takes every known precaution to
safe guard the information we collect from unauthorized use.
The following is a detailed
explanation of the privacy policy for 2Diamonds.com.
WHAT
INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2Diamonds.com believes it is
important for you to know what types of information we collect when you use
our site. The only information
2Diamonds.com collects from our customers online is in the order form and you
our customer will decide what to list. The following is a list of the
information we ask you to enter: Name, Tel Number, Address, Were did You Here
>From Us, and Your E-Mail Address, etc.
WHY DO WE
COLLECT THIS INFORMATION?
We
use this information in order to serve the needs of our customers.
We need to know who you are in order
to verify the credit card information you have sent us.
We collect several pieces of personal
information from you in order to complete this verification process.
The non-personal information that we
collect from you is used in order to offer you better service and to make your
experience with our site and your shopping with us more enjoyable.
Any information that we may
inadvertently collect from you, that does not serve one of these reasons
stated above, is immediately purged from our system.
HOW IS YOUR
INFORMATION PROTECTED?
We
use the latest in encryption technology, including 128 bit SSL encryption to
ensure that any sensitive information that is sent by you to us via the
Internet is protected from unauthorized interception.
We employ the latest in firewall
protection to prevent unauthorized access into our information storage
areas.
We maintain a rigorous
hiring process to screen out potential employees with criminal
backgrounds.
All employees that
we do hire have to sign a confidentiality agreement that forbids them from
disclosing any information to which the employee has access, to other
individuals or entities.
WHO HAS
ACCESS TO MY INFORMATION?
Only those employees that are responsible for handling
your account have access to your information.
Additionally, employees in our
technical department may have access to your information in order to conduct
routine checks on the integrity of our system and in order to perform
necessary maintenance work.
In
order to process your credit card we have to consult with an out side credit
card processing company.
These
processing companies are regulated by the banking industry and must meet
certain security requirements in order to be in business.
The processing companies will have
access to your credit card information, billing address, name, and possibly
your telephone number.
The
processing company will communicate with the issuing bank of your credit card
in order to get final approval to charge your credit card for the product or
services we are providing for you.
Should you choose to receive additional information regarding one of
our services or products, we may pass your email address to one of our
partners who offers similar products or services that you might be interested
in.
Additionally, judicial
requests by a duly authorized court will require us to divulge certain
information regarding your account should that situation arise.
Finally, should our company ever be
bought or sold, your account information would then become the property of the
new owner/entity.
CAN I OPT OUT OF HAVING CERTAIN INFORMATION COLLECTED?
You have the option of filling out whatever you prefer.
You also have the option of removing yourself from any email distribution list
that you may have signed up for.
NOTICE OF
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We
reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time.
However, if any changes do occur, we
will publish the changes to our web site and post a notice on the home page
that a new privacy policy has been implemented.
We will also take reasonable steps to
contact you personally to let you know of the new changes.
Should the company be bought or sold
to someone else, we will take reasonable steps to notify you personally.
You will then be given the option to
keep your account open or to terminate.
© Copyright 1997-2013 2Diamonds.com All rights reserved
Web design by SmartWeb
Home Page - Rings - Earring Studs - Jewelry Sets - Fancy Colored Diamonds - Specials - How To Buy A Diamond - About Us - Contact Us - Company Policies - Dealers