http://www.absnutrition.com/pages/privacy-policy
Leader In Weight Loss.
866.243.3535
info@absnutrition.com
0
Home
Products
Absolute Immunity
CBD Hemp Oil
Hemp Oil
Weight Loss
Supplements
Top 10 Products
Dr. Oz Recommendations
Articles + Resources
The Absolute Life
Weight Loss Helpers
Exercise Tips
Low Carb Diets
Low Fat Diets
Success Stories
Live Absolute
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
My Account
Welcome to Absolute Nutrition!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Absolute Scientific is committed to protecting your privacy. We have designed our website to allow you to visit most areas without identifying yourself or supplying personal information. For those areas where you are requested to provide identifiable information, we assure you that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with Absolute Scientific.
What information do we collect?
On some Absolute Scientific web site pages, you may request information, which requires a response. We may ask for information when you register for a service or order products from our online catalog. Therefore, we may need your name, Email address, phone number etc. in order to fulfill your request. We may also use that information to provide you with additional services or information in which you might be interested.
Disclosure
We do not disclose your personal information unless the following conditions are met: You provide to us a specific written consent, or we are required by law. Be assured we do not sell, rent, lease or share your personal information with any individual, group or company outside of Absolute Scientific. Your personal information is only used for the purpose it was collected.
About "Cookies"
When browsing a web site, a cookie identifies only your computer browser. Under no circumstances can a cookie identify you as an individual to this or any other site. Any cookie set on your computer by Absolute Scientific is used for the sole purpose of identifying you as a return site visitor, and is not shared with any other website. This allows us to identify general information and respond with internal marketing strategies, based on preferences or interests you have indicated while visiting the site. If you would rather not take advantage of the benefits made possible by cookies, most browsers allow you to reject them or to choose which cookies to accept. For further information about cookies, please refer to the U.S. Department of Energy, Information Bulletin, I-034: Internet Cookies.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. High-level encryption ensures protection when providing sensitive data such as credit card information and forms that request personal information. We have also put in place managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Choice/Opt-Out
Although many users appreciate receiving newsletters or other information, we recognize the importance of providing you with the option to decline. At any time, you may contact Absolute Scientific by e-mail and advise that specific communications be discontinued. Please specify which items you wish discontinued and include your e-mail address.
Postal mail may be sent to:
Absolute Scientific 1350 Blue Hills Ave., Bloomfield, CT 06002
How you can correct your information/inaccuracies
To meet the Fair Information Practices as defined by the U. S. Government, inaccuracies in personal information may be corrected by sending e-mail or postal mail as described above. Changes will be acknowledged by the same method as the change request.
Contacting the Absolute Scientific web site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact the Webmaster by e-mail:
Privacy outside the Absolute Scientific website
Once you click to another website, this Absolute Scientific privacy policy no longer applies.
Image reproduction
Any reproduction of the images on www.liveabsolutehealth.com is prohibited. Images may not be photocopied, scanned, transmitted, stored in a retrieval system of any nature or used on the Internet.
Other
While we maintain every effort to be as accurate as possible, Absolute Scientific is not responsible for typographical errors on this site.
Absolute Scientific can be found also at http://absnutrition.com/ for more products.
CONTACT US
Natural + Organic Ingredients
Best In Customer Service
Proven Results Time + Time Again
Wholesale
Retailers
Buy Now
International Shipping
Privacy Policy
Customer Care Policy
FDA Disclosure
Terms & Conditions
Absolute Immunity
CBD Hemp Oil
Hemp Oil
Weight Loss
Supplements
Top 10 Products
Dr. Oz Recommendations
Newsletter Sign-Up
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 Absolute Nutrition
Proudly Designed By: Black Label Innovation