http://www.calliopedesigns.com/privacy-policy/
Get 10% OFF your first purchase
Email*
Newsletter Signup
Confirm Newsletter Signup
Home / Privacy Policy
Calliope Designs Privacy Policy
What information do we collect when I sign up for E-mails from Calliope Designs?
We collect basic information to properly manage your e-mail account with Calliope Designs. When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
What e-mails will I receive?
By signing up for free services such as our newsletter, you agree to receive product updates, specials and notifications from Calliope Designs. At any time, you may unsubscribe from our e-mails by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails.
What information do you collect when I purchase from the store? How do you use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
How does CalliopeDesigns.com protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
What about “cookies”?
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide features such as storing items in your shopping cart or site preferences such as your forecast region. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
Will CalliopeDesigns.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
CalliopeDesigns.com does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. CalliopeDesigns.com may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
CalliopeDesigns.com may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of CalliopeDesigns.com, our users, or others.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at CalliopeDesigns.com possible and to enhance your overall experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by CalliopeDesigns.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Filters
Filter these products
24/7
0
Your Cart