http://www.justblinds.com/help/faq#freesamples
Frequently Asked Questions | JustBlinds
CUSTOMER SERVICE: 1-800-959-9939
ALWAYS FREE SHIPPING. ALWAYS LOW PRICE.
CONFIDENCE DELIVERED: GET A DELUXE WARRANTY
JUSTBLINDS. SIMPLY SIMPLE SINCE 1999
life should be this simple.
Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Wood Blinds
Aluminum Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Shades
Cellular Shades
Roller Shades
Solar Roller Shades
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Horizontal Shades
Pleated Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Outdoor Shades
Shutters
Shutters
Help
How to Measure
Become an expert with our step-by-step measuring guides.
Shipping & Policies
Read our shipping policies and warranty information.
Child Safety
Find out what the safer options are for kids and pets.
On Sale!
Check out our latest sales and promos!
How to Install
You can do it! We make installing window treatments easy.
Check Order Status
Get excited! You can check the status of your blinds order here.
Frequently Asked Questions
Want to get brainy about blinds? We've got you covered.
Video Central
View measure and installation videos, product demos and more all in one spot.
Order Status
Cart
OCTOBER 10, 2020 - COVID-19 Update -
Learn More
We are experiencing high call volumes and longer than normal wait times due to COVID-19. Skip the wait and check your order status online.
A note from the team at JustBlinds.
We, at justblinds.com, know that times are uneasy, and we sincerely wish everyone well as we find ourselves in uncharted territory with Covid-19.
We want you to know that our business remains open and our sales and customer service teams are available ready to help. Just reach out.
FAQ's
Can you order samples?
Great news! Our crew at Justblinds is now able to send out samples on a limited selection of our products with plans to expand this to our full array of products soon. You can view availability on each product page. To ensure the safety of our associates, we have reduced the number of people allowed in our warehouse to ensure appropriate social distancing. This may mean that you may experience slower delivery than normal, and we appreciate your patience.
Any changes to ordering or shipping time?
You can order blinds, shades and shutters as you normally would. We are working hard to communicate with all of our vendors and partners to ensure we provide the most recent information for all window treatments on our sites. Want to know how long your choices will take to make? As usual, you can check each item's production time right from that product's page.
What does all this mean for customers?
For the most part, it's business as usual. We are working. We are staying home. We have amazing teams well-equipped to help our customers from just about anywhere — whether it's at our offices or remotely from our homes, we've got your back.
Our commitment to safety and our customers
We truly value you, our staff and all of our communities, so in following our local government's Stay Home — Work Safe order and best practices provided by the CDC, we are working remotely and will continue to go above and beyond to provide the best customer service and deliver quality window treatments to you all.
MENU
Help
About Us
Affiliates
Check Order Status
Child Safety
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Install
How to Measure
Shipping Policies
Promotions and Exclusions
California Supply Chain Act
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Have questions about ordering? Try these.
Can I get Free Samples?
How long will it take to receive my order?
Do you offer FREE SHIPPING?
What if I need to return an item?
Do you charge sales tax?
I'm a tax exempt customer, how do I purchase blinds with my tax exempt status?
Can I change or cancel my order after it is placed?
What are my payment options?
When will you charge my credit card?
If I place my order online will I receive any type of order confirmation?
Will you give out my personal information to other companies and/or advertisers?
Are your online transactions secure?
Can I check my order status online? Will I be notified when my order ships?
Do you ship to Alaska, Hawaii, or International?
Get brainy about blinds, shades, & shutters!
Why should I choose inside mount or outside mount?
Is there a minimum windowsill depth for an inside mount?
What is the routeless option and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
What is cloth tape and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
What is top-down/bottom-up and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
What is cordless and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
What is opacity (light filtering, room darkening, and blackout)?
What is openness for solar shades (1%, 3%, 5%, and 10%)?
What is the continuous loop lift on the roller and solar shades?
We've got answers.
Can I get Free Samples?
Yes, you absolutely can! We encourage everyone to order free samples. Customers can get up to 10 free samples from justblinds at no cost.
Your samples will arrive with some helpful information and a coupon towards your purchase. Not only will this save you time and money, it will also help you find the perfect color and pattern before purchasing!
Simply browse standard and deluxe color choices of products you are interested in and add samples to your cart. You will proceed with check-out for free samples as you would a standard purchase, but no cost or shipping fees will be added - they're totally free!
How long will it take to receive my order?
Most often, all orders are received in 2 to 3 weeks after you place your order. Your purchase is custom made and will normally ship between 5-10 business days.
When you order a window covering, production time will be based on the options you choose. After adding an item to your shopping cart, you can see that the first line of text under the product name tells you how many days your item will take to make based on your selections.
In addition, you can check your order status online and receive notifications via email with the UPS/FedEx tracking number(s) the day after your order ships. In the event that a material back order delays the production of your order you will be notified ASAP. Transit times will vary depending on your location however, once your order ships you can anticipate delivery in 1-5 business days.
Do you offer FREE SHIPPING?
Yes, we do! We do not charge for shipping on any of our products, except in some cases for Alaska and Hawaii. Keep in mind that no shipments can be made to PO Box addresses.
What if I need to return an item?
If you want to return a product, we're happy to chat with you and learn about your situation. Since our blinds, shades, and shutters are all made to order, we'll want to find out why you wish to return your item so that we can best help you.
So, if you're not happy with the quality of your product or you discover something you feel warrants a return and your situation meets the requirements of the return process, we'll provide you with a return authorization and shipping instructions.
We offer the following purchase protection on all justblinds products:
Standard Warranty
Our Standard Warranty covers vendor defects and shipping damage (contact us within 14 days after delivery) as well as materials, operating mechanisms and other parts failures (for up to 3 years). All justblinds purchases are covered by the Standard Warranty, with the option of upgrading to the Deluxe Warranty.
The Standard Warranty does not cover color, style or size. To ensure you get the right product with the correct measurements, we strongly recommend you order free samples and view our measuring guide.
Deluxe Warranty
For more insurance against ordering mistakes and damage to your blinds, we suggest upgrading to the justblinds Deluxe Warranty, which gives you the following:
30-Day Measure Protection: If your new window covering doesn't fit due to a measuring mistake, let us know within 30 days after delivery and we'll remake it at no cost to you, unless there's a difference in price between your old and new window coverings, or if the new window covering requires a shipping fee (oversized products).
30-Day Design Assurance: If you're unsatisfied with the look or quality of your new window covering, contact us within 30 days after delivery. We'll remake it at no cost to you, unless there's a price difference between your old and new window coverings, or if the new window covering incurs a shipping fee (oversized products).
3-Year Breakage Guard: Whether it's because of an accident, operating malfunction or just daily wear and tear, we've got you covered if your window treatment breaks. Contact us and we'll either repair or remake your window covering as needed.
The justblinds Deluxe Warranty comes with a one-time charge that varies depending on the product. You can add it to your purchase when customizing your window covering, just before adding to cart.
Return and Remake Conditions
Returns will not be accepted without prior authorization and must be shipped to justblinds in original condition within 30 calendar days of receipt. Return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer and are not refundable.
Limit one remake per product.
Sales Tax Information
Does justblinds charge sales tax?
Yes, we charge state sales tax as required by state tax laws.
What if I'm tax exempt?
If you want tax exempt status with justblinds, you need to register before placing your order. Follow these instructions to begin the process.
Can I change or cancel my order after it is placed?
All products are made to order and production normally begins the day after an order is placed. Therefore, we are happy to change or cancel orders as long as we are contacted within one (1) calendar day from the date the order was submitted to us. Orders that are changed or canceled after one calendar day may incur additional charges.
What are my payment options?
You may pay by Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover credit cards. You can also complete your purchase with a check or money order. You can find our offline payment options during checkout.
When will you charge my credit card?
All products are custom made to order and payment is required prior to order production. If payment was made with a credit card the full amount of your order was charged to your card at the time your order was placed.
If I place my order online will I receive any type of order confirmation?
Yep! You will immediately get an email confirmation from us.
Will you give out my personal information to other companies and/or advertisers?
Absolutely not. All information you provide us will be kept confidential and be used solely by us and will never be shared with other companies.
Are your online transactions secure?
Yes! We provide a secure and safe checkout process. Our online server software (SSL) is the industry standard. It encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet. However, if you prefer not to submit your information over the Internet, just contact us to place your order via phone, fax, or mail.
Can I check my order status online? Will I be notified when my order ships?
Yes, you can check your order status online by clicking the Order Status link at the bottom of this page or from our HELP section. In addition, you will be notified via email the day after your order ships and we will provide you with the UPS/FedEx tracking number(s).
Do you ship to Alaska, Hawaii, or International?
We do not ship outside the United States. The following shipping policies apply to Hawaii and Alaska:
We cannot ship shutters to Hawaii or Alaska.
Any order containing shutters will be canceled. If you have other items on your order, you will have to re-order them.
We'll contact you by phone and email within 24 hours to inform you of the cancellation. Please note the cancellation will occur even if you don't answer.
Your card will be credited within 5 to 7 business days.
For oversized products (96" or over in width or height), we'll contact you by phone and email to collect a shipping fee.
$30 fee per oversized product.
If you do not answer or respond within 24 hours to confirm payment, your order will be canceled.
Why should I choose inside mount or outside mount?
The mount refers to the way in which your window treatment will be hung, either inside or outside the window opening.
Inside mounts are mounted inside the window opening that is recessed from the wall.
Inside mount is probably the most common way to hang blinds today and provides a nice, clean look.
Outside mounts hang outside the window opening either on the wood frame or above and beyond the wood frame.
Outside mounts are great for doors or for windows with a very shallow windowsill depth.
Outside mount can also be used to make a window appear larger or to hide an unattractive window.
Inside Mount
Outside Mount
Side Mount
A blind or shade referred to as side mount fits within your window frame and is mounted on the left and right sides.
Additionally, a sidemount option may be needed for special situations. Select products may come with a side mount option if inside mount or outside mount are not an option. Products for which this is available will let you choose between inside, outside, or side mount when building your blinds or shades.
Is there a minimum windowsill depth for an inside mount?
Yes. The minimum windowsill depth for an inside mount varies depending on the product. We list the depth required under the specifications for each product.
What is the routeless option and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
Routeless blinds are made without route holes in the slats (also called "privacy" blinds). Standard blinds have small holes in the slats for the ladder strings. Routeless blinds have small notches on the backside of each slat which replaces the route holes. This option is an extra 20% on all wood, faux wood, and aluminum blinds.
Routed Slates (holes for ladders)
Routless. Privacy Slats (no holes, only notches)
What is cloth tape and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
Cloth tape refers to a vertical, fabric ladder that covers route holes for more privacy. Cloth tape can also be used to add color or a personal design touch to your blinds.
No Cloth Tape
Cloth Tape Added
What is top-down/bottom-up and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
This option is available on all cellular, pleated, and natural wood shades and uses two sets of lift cords which enable the shade to be opened by lowering the top down or by lifting the bottom up. Standard shades are opened by lifting the bottom up only. Very good for protecting your privacy while still allowing light in.
Top Down Bottom Up Cordless
Top Down Bottom Up Corded
What is cordless and what are the benefits of getting this feature on my window covering?
The cordless systems make raising and lowering blinds and shades easier than ever. Cordless typically refers to the lack of any exposed or hanging cords on a window covering. Any cords that may be present are hidden and out of reach. Cordless treatments provide a clean and uncluttered look, hold blinds and shades securely in any position, and are great solutions for added privacy. Cordless blinds and shades may also be safer for kids.
Be sure to check out our Child Safety page to help determine what type of window covering would best suit your house.
Standard Cords
Cordless
What is opacity (light filtering, room darkening, and blackout)?
Different types of shades may sometimes reference their opacity. The term opacity, when speaking of window treatments, is how much light filters through the shade's fabric. There are several opacities for various purposes such as sheer fabric to let in the most light, medium opacity light filtering shades, and also room darkening and blackout shades that let in little to no sunlight.
No Liner
Light Filtering Liner
Blackout Liner
What is openness for solar shades (1%, 3%, 5%, and 10%)?
Solar roller shades have openness factors; a shade's openness helps define how that shade can block UV rays and filter sunlight. A tightly woven solar fabric will have a lower openness factor, where a shade with a 10% openness factor will still block UV rays, but preserve more of your view.
1% openness is the lowest openness available. These shades are more opaque and block most all UV rays.
3% openness fabrics can still block a good percentage of UV rays and open up more of your view.
5% openness is mid-range. The fabric is not as loose as the 10%, but not as tightly woven as the 1% openness shades. The view will be clearer with the 5% than with the 10%.
10% openness will still block UV rays, but will give you the best view possible of all our solar shades offered.
What is the continuous loop lift on the roller and solar shades?
The continuous loop lift cord is the standard lift control on roller shades, outdoor shades, and sheer shades and also optional on and natural shades. It provides a continuous loop lift cord and clutch assembly which work together to make it easier raise and lower shade.
Continuous Cord Lift/Loop
Continuous Chain Lift/Loop
Sign up & Save $20
on orders of $200 or greater.
Don't miss out on sales, tips, and new products.
Yes, Keep Me Updated!
Opt-out at anytime. View privacy policy here.
Shop Custom Blinds & Shades
Aluminum Blinds
Cellular Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Faux Wood Blinds
Outdoor Shades
Plantation Shutters
Pleated Shades
Roller Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Shades
Vertical Blinds
Wood Blinds
Woven Wood Shades
We'll Make It Easy!
SALES:
Mon-Fri 8AM - 11PM | Sat-Sun 10AM - 9PM EST
SERVICE:
Mon-Fri 8AM - 11PM | Sat-Sun 10AM - 7PM EST
Get In Touch!
Direct Line:
1-800-959-9939
About Us
Products
Shipping & Policies
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
FAQs
FREE Samples
Child Safety
Measuring
Installation
Current Sales
Video Central
Order Status
Affiliates
California Supply Chain Act
Sitemap
Viewing prices as of
Show current prices
Logged in as
Empty Cart
Logout
on behalf of
Current
yourself