http://www.magnets4health.co.uk/security-privacy/i4
Magnetic Info.
Contact Us
Magnets4Health Ltd
Search
Delivery & Returns Magnetic BraceletsAbout UsMagnetic Bracelets - FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions
Sign In
My Account
Shopping Basket
0 Items
Total £0.00
Currency
Phone 03303 800186
Home
Titanium
All Titanium Bracelets
Women's Magnetic Bracelets
Men's Titanium Magnetic Bracelets
Titanium Black
Titanium Single Row
Titanium Double Row
Gold & Silver Bracelets
Stainless Steel
All Stainless Steel Bracelets
Women's Stainless Steel Magnetic Bracelets
Men's Stainless Steel Magnetic Bracelets
Silver Bracelets
Gold & Silver Bracelets
Sport
All Sports
NEO MAX 30™ Sports Bracelet
NEOMAX- Q Pain relief Patch
Ankle Bracelet
NEO MAX Leather Bracelet
Sports Titanium
Sports Bangles
Copper
Power Copper Link
Copper Bracelets - All Designs
Copper Bracelets - Classic Designs
Hi Power Copper
Silver Bangles
Copper Non Magnetic
Bangles
All Magnetic Bangles
Hi Power Magnetic Bangles
Hi Power Cable Bracelets
Copper Bangles
Black Bangles
Gold & Silver Bangles
Sports Bangles
Pets
OFFERS
Flexi
Ankle Bands
Customer Services
HomeDelivery & Returns Magnetic BraceletsOrdering HelpTerms & ConditionsAbout UsSecurity & PrivacyAbout Our CookiesContact UsMagnetic Bracelets - FAQ - Frequently Asked QuestionsMagnetic Bracelets Size GuideCan Magnetic Bracelets help with Pain Relief?Magnetic Therapy - An OverviewMagnets and Magnetic StrengthIonics - Negative Ions - An OverviewMagnetic Bracelets Buyers GuideWebsite Security
Viewing:
Homepage
Security & Privacy
Security & Privacy
Overall Site Security
We would like you to be confident about ordering online, we use the highest level of web site security. This is called secure socket layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your details are safe. Your browser will confirm that you are shopping in a secure environment by showing a locked padlock icon or an image of a key in the address bar at the top or base of your screen. A green pad lock and address bar indicates the highest security.
Our web site and company has been verified by Thawte, a leader in the web site security industry.
What you send and receive from our website is encrypted, which makes it difficult for anyone else to get to this info.
Our website is verified by Thawte, which means that our company has a certificate proving that we own it. The lock or pad lock button indicates who owns the site and which company has verified it.
In addition we have what is called a SSL Extended Validation (EV) certificate, which requires a more rigorous identity verification process by Thawte.
You can always tell if a web site has the highest security by seeing a green padlock and company name in the address bar, which will also contain the code https:// in front of the address.
Security & Privacy
We will collect and store any personal data that you may volunteer whist using our services, e.g. placing an order, joining our e-mail newsletter or entering a prize draw or competition.
The type of information that we will collect will include - Your title and name, known address, contact telephone numbers, e-mail address, order and payment details. Details may be forwarded securely to other parties in order to fulfil this order only. These will include delivery and payment partners.
We will collect and store information about you to allow us to firstly, process and fulfil any order requirements and secondly to provide you with information to keep you up to date on products, services or promotions we run from time to time. We may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes by email, phone or mail. You can opt out of this at any time, either by writing or emailing us.
Individuals registering their details or subscribing to the newsletter online may do so on the understanding that they are aware of the intended purpose for the collection of data. An opt-out option is available by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the newsletter we may send you.
In addition to the Information that you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files stored within your web browser from our website. Our website cookies do not collect personal information about you nor do they allow us to access your computer in any way. All information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998
We use tracking cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and no personally identifiable information is stored.
We know of no cases of credit card fraud using our secure online shopping system. All credit card transactions are handled by a secure online encrypted payment service via SagePay or PayPal, Cards are processed by Barclays, both are leading providers of online credit card processing.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. All web browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can modify your browser security settings to block Cookies although you should be warned that changing Cookie settings can adversely effect the performance of our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or services. You should note that we are in no way responsible for the content or privacy policies these websites / services may have in place and advise that you use caution and refer to these websites own Privacy statements and terms.
Copyright © Magnets4Health Ltd
The contents of this site, Trade Marks and other publications from Magnets4Health Ltd are owned or licensed to Magnets4Health Ltd or are used with permission by the owner, Reproduction strictly by permission only.
Information
Newsletter
Enter your email address to join our newsletter mailing list
Categories
Copper
Power Copper Magnetic Bracelets
Sport
Titanium
Stainless Steel
Bangles
Pets
Women's Offers
Men's Offers
Magnetic Therapy
Magnetic Dog Collars
Gift Boxes
Silicon Patch
OFFERS
S.D. & A.P.
Flexi
Sports Magnetic Bracelets
LEATHER
Ankle Bands
Can't find it? Try our Sitemap
Phone
03303 800186
Mon to Fri 9am - 5:00pm only
Home Delivery & Returns Magnetic Bracelets Ordering Help Terms & Conditions About Us Security & Privacy About Our Cookies Contact Us Magnetic Bracelets - FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions Magnetic Bracelets Size Guide Can Magnetic Bracelets help with Pain Relief? Magnetic Therapy - An Overview Magnets and Magnetic Strength Ionics - Negative Ions - An Overview Magnetic Bracelets Buyers Guide Website Security Sitemap
Switch to Mobile Website
Online retail
© 2020Magnets4Health Ltd
Magnets4Health Ltd,
PO Box 97,
Cottingham,
,
HU20 3WW,
England
2.8612888429463450.9992560526012
Company Number 4637774 VAT Number 796621977