http://www.cmple.com/conditions-of-use
Christmas Sale is Here - Savings up to 45% OFF
Free Shipping on selected items
Conditions of use
By visiting or shopping at www.cmple.com, you accept the following terms and conditions. Please read them carefully.
Copyright
All text, graphics, images, button icons, logos, slogans, trademarks and other contents on the website belong exclusively to Cmple.com, Inc. You may not use, reproduce, copy, modify, transmit, display, publish, sell, license, publicly perform, distribute or commercially exploit any of the content or otherwise dispose of any of the content in a way not permitted by Cmple.com, without Cmple.com's prior written consent. The use of data mining, or similar data gathering and extraction tools on Cmple.com as well as the use of Cmple.com trademarks or service marks in meta-tags is strictly prohibited. You may view and use the content only for your personal information and for shopping and ordering on the site and for no other purpose. You may not use Cmple.com's content or compilation in any manner that disparages or discredits Cmple.com or in any way that is likely to cause confusion or violation of any applicable laws or regulations.
E-Mail Policy
We do not sell your email address to anyone anywhere. We may occasionally send emails to you about new products or sales. If you would not like to receive emails from us, just email us and you will not be contacted by us unless it is directly related to an order you placed with us.
Personal Information Privacy
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Order Acceptance
Please note that there may be certain orders that we are unable to accept and must cancel. Cmple.com reserves the right, at sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Some situations that may result in your order being canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order.
Typographical Errors
While Cmple.com strives to provide accurate product and pricing information, pricing or typographical errors may occur. Cmple.com cannot confirm the price of an item until after you order. In the event that an item is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to an error in pricing or product information, Cmple.com shall have the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any orders placed for that item. In the event that an item is mis-priced, Cmple.com may, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Reviews and Comments
Except as otherwise provided elsewhere in this Agreement or on the site, anything that you submit or post to the site and/or provide Cmple.com, including, without limitation, ideas, know-how, techniques, questions, reviews, comments, and suggestions is and will be treated as non-confidential and nonproprietary, and by submitting or posting, you agree to irrevocably license the entry and all IP rights related thereto (excluding the moral rights such as authorship right) to Cmple.com without charge. All submissions shall automatically become the sole and exclusive property of Cmple.com and shall not be returned to you and you agree not to raise any dispute in connection with any use of the entry by Cmple.com in the future. In addition to the rights applicable to any submission, when you post comments or reviews to the site, you also grant Cmple.com the right to use the name that you submit with any review, comment, or other content, if any, in connection with such review, comment, or other content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the reviews, comments, and other content that you post on this site and that use of your reviews, comments, or other content by Cmple.com will not infringe upon or violate the rights of any third party. You shall not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead Cmple.com or third parties as to the origin of any submissions or content. Cmple.com may, but shall not be obligated to remove or edit any comments or reviews for any reason.
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our Terms of Use, please contact us.
Contact us
Call
Toll Free
877.718.7575
Email Us
Customer Service Support:
support@cmple.com
Business Inquiries:
sales@cmple.com