http://www.getshirty.com/privacy-cookies.php
Get Shirty Home
Online Catalogue
Branded Corporate Wear
Personalised Clothing
Evening & Highland Wear
Contact & Orders
You are here: Home »
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & Cookies
We respect your privacy
We can be contacted by any of the methods listed on our contact us page, or by email.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognises no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customise the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, and used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site. We do not share any of this information with other organisations for commercial purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by contacting us.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive via post the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with, or have special relationships with, any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by contacting us.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., bank details) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., client code) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made payments, amounts and transaction information) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, a description of information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by contacting us.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers. Consumers can have this information corrected by contacting us.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to our secure server. We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please contact us.
Cookies in use on this site
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you’d expect
Improve the speed/security of the site
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
SESSION
Session Cookies are stored only temporarily during a browsing session and are deleted from the user’s device when the browser is closed.
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Anonymous Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called ‘analytics’ programs also tell us if , on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you.
We use Google Analytics which uses the following cookies:
Google Analytics
__utma
__utmb
__utmc
__utmz
These cookies are used to collect anonymous site traffic information including number of visits to the site, specific web pages, as well as entry points and exit points on the site. The information is used to enhance the site and provide enhanced user journeys. No personal information is stored within this cookie.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our’s and a large proportion of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called “spyware”. Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive.
Tweets by @GetShirtyEdi
© Copyright Get Shirty (Edinburgh) Ltd