http://www.honeybaked-ham.com/privacy
Privacy
Javascript is disabled on your browser.
To view this site, you must enable JavaScript or upgrade to a JavaScript-capable browser.
Shop OnlineFind a StoreCustomer Service
Local store delivery options available through Uber Eats & DoorDash
* At participating locations
Why HoneyBaked
Meal Prep & Serving
Recipes
About Us
Local Delivery
Privacy Policy
The Honey Baked Ham Company, LLC (together with our affiliates, “we,” “us,” and “our”) respects the privacy of your personal information. We are committed to complying with this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), which describes what information we collect about you and others, including how we collect it, how we use it, with whom we may share it and what choices you have regarding our use of your information. This Privacy Policy is not a contract but rather provides our notice to you of our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our website located at https://www.honeybaked.com/ or any mobile or online offering that we control that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Website”), in the brick-and-mortar stores that we operate, through our call center, and otherwise when you contact us.
Please note that we do not control, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the California-facing website https://shophoneybaked.com/ or any related mobile or online offering, or any brick-and-mortar stores located in California, which are all controlled by our unaffiliated licensee(s). If you are a California resident you should be redirected to, or should otherwise navigate to, that website. In the limited circumstances where we might collect data of California residents, please see section 4 below for a notice regarding your rights under applicable California law.
The term “Personal Information,” as used in this Privacy Policy, means information that relates to or is reasonably capable of being associated with an individual. 1. What Personal Information We Collect We collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us through the Website, when you order our products, and when you make purchases at our brick-and-mortar stores. This includes but may not be limited to your first and last names, company name, email address and password, mailing address, phone number, demographic information, and payment information. We may use third-party providers to update and correct your personal information to ensure that your Personal Information that we store is accurate and complete. We may also collect and confirm Personal Information when you contact us by email or telephone. This allows us to protect your confidentiality by verifying your identity. If you are a recipient of one of our products, we collect your name and delivery address, as provided to us by the person who ordered the product.
We also automatically collect certain technical information from your electronic device when you access the Website, as further described below. would like further information on Website security. Purchasing Our Products And Registering On Our Website When you make a purchase using a payment card, we collect information for processing and shipping your order, including your name, address, phone number, and payment card information, and the name, address and phone number of your intended recipient. When you become a registered user of our Website, you may be able to choose to save your billing information and shipping information as part of your account. You can view or change your account information at any time by logging in with your email address and password, or by emailing our Customer Service.Cookies When you access the Website, we and our third-party providers may place files known as “cookies” on your device. Some cookies allow us and our third-party providers to store your preferences, including your selected U.S. state of residence, and including but not limited to log-in information, and ordering and shipping information. Other cookies allow us and our third-party providers to passively gather certain information about your use of our Website, which may include gathering information for the following purposes: statistics collection and analysis, Website optimization, analytics (as described below), and market research. We and our third-party providers may collect information that may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the operating system type used by your electronic device, browser type, and the address of a referring website, if any. We collect this information to improve the quality of your visit to our Website, for security purposes, including for authentication, to facilitate Website navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting the Website.
If you choose not to accept certain cookies, you may not have access to certain features of our Website. Your browser may be configured to reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is set. Google Analytics The Website may use Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, in order to better understand your use of our Website and how we can improve it. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit a website, what pages you visit when you do so, and what other websites you used prior to coming to such website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit a website, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit a website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Website is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of the Website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. To more fully understand how Google may use the data it collects on the Website, please review “How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services” (located here). 2. How We Use Your Personal Information We and our third-party providers may collect and use Personal Information to operate the Website and deliver products, including to provide certain services and improve the user experience, address Website integrity or security issues, conduct research and analysis to maintain, protect, develop, improve and market our products, services, and the Website, and for any other lawful purposes.
We may also use your Personal Information to send you promotional materials.
Additionally, we may retain and use Personal Information to facilitate and otherwise address inquiries or requests regarding the Website or our products, or respond to your questions or requests for information about or from us. We may also use Personal Information as necessary to ensure compliance with any of our policies and any applicable legal requirements.
We may aggregate your information, without identifying you personally, to obtain statistical and demographic background on our customers. 3. How We Share Your Personal Information We may share your Personal Information as permitted or required by applicable legal requirements. We engage third-party providers who may collect or receive your Personal Information on our behalf. Such third-party providers perform functions such as payment processing, operating and supporting the Website, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services.
We may also disclose Personal Information if we become subject to a subpoena or court order, or if we are otherwise legally required to disclose such information. We may also use and disclose Personal Information to exercise our legal rights, or to take action regarding actual or suspected illegal or fraudulent activities or potential threats.
As we grow and develop our business, our corporate structure or organization might change, we may merge or otherwise combine with, or we or portions of our business might be acquired by, another company. In any such transactions, Personal Information generally is, and should be expected to be, one of the transferred business assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, your information may be considered a company asset that may be sold or transferred to third parties. 4. For California Residents Only This portion of our Privacy Policy advises California residents of rights provided in the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) and how to exercise those rights.
If you are a California resident, you may request certain information from or certain action by us, or you may authorize an agent to make such a request on your behalf. We will seek to verify your identity and your agent’s authority when we receive an individual rights request from you or on your behalf to ensure the security of your Personal Information.
Please direct any rights requests (as further described below) or additional questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy to: 1-800-367-7720, catalogservice@hbham.com, or 3875 Mansell Rd, Alpharetta GA 30022.
California residents have the right to request the deletion of Personal Information, but we may not delete some or all Personal Information, as required or permitted by applicable law. If you are a California resident, you may also request to receive details about how we collect, use, and share your Personal Information. You may also request to receive the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you.
We do not, and do not intend to, sell Personal Information of California Residents and do not discriminate against you for exercising any CCPA rights, such as the access and deletion rights described above. 5. Do Not Track Certain state laws require that we indicate whether we honor “Do Not Track” settings in your browser. We adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy and do not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests. 6. Links And Embedded Content For your convenience, the Website may contain some hyperlinks and embedded content to or from other websites not under our control. We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices of those websites or of any companies that we do not own or control, including our unaffiliated licensees. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any such websites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such websites or pages, or any of the content or features contained on those websites or pages. We encourage you to seek out and read the privacy policy of each website that you visit and use. 7. Promotional Correspondence We may send you emails with promotional offers. If you would no longer like to receive information, newsletters or other promotional messages from us, please click the link at the bottom of any such email you receive from us and follow the instructions, or alternatively you may contact us at catalogservice@hbham.com with the word “UNSUBSCRIBE” or “REMOVE” in the subject line. Your email address will be removed from our marketing list, as required by applicable law. 8. Sweepstakes We may offer certain online polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotions from time to time. Participation in these polls, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and promotions is completely voluntary; you have a choice about whether or not to disclose information required to enter. Information requested may include Personal Information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, mobile phone number, e-mail address, username, and similar information. Subject to applicable legal restrictions, we also may use the Personal Information collected related to the promotions described in this section to communicate with you about our services or products. 9. Job Applicants
Any Personal Information you provide us when applying for a career position with us will be used solely to consider and act upon your application. We may retain your Personal Information for a period of time, but only for as long as necessary for such purposes. We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties hired by us to collect, maintain, and analyze candidates for career positions. 10. Children The Website is intended for a general audience and is not intended for use or view by children under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. 11. Changes to our Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. All updates to our Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon notice thereof, which we may give by any means, including, but not limited to, by posting a revised version of this Privacy Policy or other notice on the Website.
The version of this Privacy Policy posted here on each respective date you visit the Website shall be the Privacy Policy applicable to your access and use of the Website on that date. Our electronically or otherwise properly stored copy of this Privacy Policy shall be deemed to be the true, complete, valid, and authentic copy of the version of this Privacy Policy which was in force on each respective date you visited the Website. 12. Website Security
We take reasonable measures to secure and protect information transmitted via or stored on the Website or our other systems. Nevertheless, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee that information that users of the Website or our other systems may happen to transmit or otherwise supply will be totally secure.
Your account information is protected by the password you create on our Website. Please protect the confidentiality of that password and do not disclose it to any third parties. All activity that takes place in your account will be deemed to be authorized by you. 13. Visiting The System From Outside The United States This Website is not intended for visitors outside of the United States. If you are visiting the Website, or any part thereof, from outside of the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using any portion of the Website or any of our other systems, you understand that your information will be transferred to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share such information, as described in this Privacy Policy. 14. Contact Us We welcome your feedback and questions. Please contact us at:
Phone: 1 800 367 7720 E-mail: catalogservice@hbham.com Postal address: 3875 Mansell Rd, Alpharetta GA 30022 This Privacy Policy was updated on February 14, 2020.
ShopShop OnlineFind A StoreShop Gift CardsCatalogCompanyAbout UsWhy HoneyBakedCareersFranchisesFundraisingResourcesCustomer CareNutritional Information Meal Prep and ServingRecipesCheck Gift Card BalanceResponse to COVID-19 © 2020 The Honey Baked Ham Company, LLC Privacy Policy | Site Map