http://www.williamlockie.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
privacy policylwfdev2019-07-22T20:07:27+00:00
PRIVACY POLICY
BACKGROUND
William Lockie understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits this website, https://williamlockie.com/ our Site and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of our site and you will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using our site immediately.
Definitions and Interpretation
Information About Us
What Does This Policy Cover?
What is Personal Data?
What Are My Rights?
What Data Do We Collect?
How Do You Use My Personal Data?
How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
Do You Share My Personal Data?
How Can I Control My Personal Data?
Can I Withhold Information?
How Can I Access My Personal Data?
How Do You Use Cookies?
How Do I Contact You?
Changes to this Privacy Policy
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
“Account”
means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our site;
“Cookie”
means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our site when you visit certain parts of our site and/or when you use certain features of our site. Details of the Cookies used by our site are set out in Part 14, below; and
“Cookie Law”
means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003;
Our site is owned and operated by William Lockie, a limited company registered in Scotland under company number SC023788.
Registered address & Main Trading Address: 27-28 Drumlanrig Square, Hawick, TD9 0AW
VAT number: GB269633129
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our site. Our site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice Bureau.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Depending upon your use of our site, we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data (please also see Part 14 on our use of Cookies and similar technologies and our Cookie Policy:
Name;
Date of birth;
Gender;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Business name;
Job title;
Profession;
Payment information;
Information about your preferences and interests;
IP address;
Web browser type and version;
Operating system;
A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on our site, and the site you exit to.
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data will or may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account;
Providing and managing your access to our site;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on our site;
Supplying our products and or services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalising and tailoring our products and \ or services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails or calls from you.
Supplying you with information by email and \ or post that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by email unsubscribe.
Analysing your use of our site and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve our site and your user experience.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email, telephone, text message and post with information, news, and offers on our products and services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
Third Parties (including Lazy Grace & Go Software whose content appears on our site may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below in Part 14. Please refer to Part 14 for more information on controlling cookies. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
We may use automated systems for carrying out certain kinds of decision-making and profiling. If at any point you wish to query any action that we take on the basis of this or wish to request ‘human intervention’ (i.e. have someone review the action themselves, rather than relying only on the automated method), the GDPR gives you the right to do so. Please contact us to find out more using the details in Part 15.
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
As long as legally required by the Finance Act where appropriate (currently 7 years);
Where data is not needed for the Finance Act then we will keep data for no longer than 36 months.
We may store or transfer some or all of your personal data in countries that are not part of the European Economic Area (the “EEA” consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland, and Liechtenstein). These are known as “third countries” and may not have data protection laws that are as strong as those in the UK and/or the EEA. This means that we will take additional steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR as follows.
We share your data within the group of companies of which we are a part. Where this involves the transfer of personal data outside the EEA, our group ensures that personal data is protected by requiring all companies within the group to follow the same rules with respect to personal data usage. These are known as “binding corporate rules”. More information on binding corporate rules is available from the European Commission.
And
Where we transfer your data to a third party based in the US, this may be protected if they are part of the EU-US Privacy Shield. This requires that third party to provide data protection to standards similar to those in Europe. More information is available from the European Commission.
Please contact us using the details below in Part 15 for further information about the particular data protection mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data to a third country.
The security of your personal data is essential to us, and to protect your data, we take a number of important measures, including the following:
All data is stored in a secure environment.
Data rooms are securely locked.
All computers are password protected and on a timed switch off.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s obligations under the law, as described above in Part 9.
If any personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely and securely as it would be within the UK and under the GDPR, as explained above in Part 9.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which might include yours, if we are involved in legal proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the instructions of a government authority.
11.1 In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via our site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, we aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails or at the point of providing your details.
11.2 You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service (“the TPS”), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service (“the CTPS”), and the Mailing Preference Service (“the MPS”). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
We may pass your personal data to third parties who are service providers, debt recovery agents, Field Tracing Agents and subcontractors to us, for the purposes of recovering monies owed to our firm and all within our legitimate interests.
You may access certain areas of our site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on our site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14 and our Cookie Policy.
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15. To make this as easy as possible for you, a Subject Access Request Form is available for you to use. You do not have to use this form, but it is the easiest way to tell us everything we need to know to respond to your request as quickly as possible.
There is not normally any charge for a subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’ (for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may be charged to cover our administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim to provide a complete response, including a copy of your personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your request is more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed of our progress.
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
By using our site, you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on our site for analytics purposes. These Cookies are not integral to the functioning of our site and your use and experience of our site will not be impaired by refusing consent to them.
All Cookies used by and on our site are used in accordance with current Cookie Law.
Before Cookies are placed on your computer or device, you will be shown a Cookie consent prompt requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of our site may not function fully or as intended. You will be given the opportunity to allow only first-party Cookies and block third-party Cookies.
Certain features of our site depend on Cookies to function. Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be “strictly necessary”. These Cookies are shown in the table below. Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies, but it is still important that you are aware of them. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser’s settings as detailed below, but please be aware that our site may not work properly if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
Our site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse anonymous usage information, enabling us to better understand how our site is used. This, in turn, enables us to improve our site and the products and services offered through it.
The analytics service used by our site uses Cookies to gather the required information. You do not have to allow us to use these Cookies, however whilst our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of our site, it does enable us to continually improve our site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details (for the attention of Rachel Nuttall):
Email address: sales@williamlockie.com.
Telephone number: 01450 372645
Postal Address: 27-28 Drumlanrig Square, Hawick, TD9 0AW
We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on our site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of our site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.