https://www.stickyfingers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
MENUORDER ONLINEDELIVERYLOCATIONSCATERINGFULL SERVICE CATERINGCATERING DELIVERYPARTIES AT OUR PLACESTORYTESTIMONIALSFIND YOUR BLUES NAMEGALLERYSTEVE YOUNGSTORE
Serving Real Memphis Style BBQ Since 1992
Privacy PolicyStickyFingers2020-04-23T18:32:57+00:00
Privacy Policy
Last updated: April, 2020
Sticky Fingers Privacy Policy: At Sticky Fingers, we understand that our customers are concerned about the use of their personal information, and we respect our customers’ privacy. This Privacy Policy explains the steps we have taken to ensure that the personal information you submit to us is secure and confidential.
The Information Sticky Fingers Requests:
When you register on our site or make a purchase request, Sticky Fingers collects and stores the following types of information:
Name
Address
Email Address
Telephone Number
Credit/Debit Card Information*
*Credit/Debit Card Information is not stored by Sticky Fingers. Credit/Debit Card Information is collected for the purpose of completing your purchase order and transmitted to First Data for processing.
Sticky Fingers requires the above information to provide the goods and services that you request and to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested. If you are purchasing goods and services on Sticky Fingers website as a gift to be sent directly to the recipient, Sticky Fingers shall also request the recipient’s name, address, telephone number, and email address.
Sticky Fingers may as you to provide personal information at other times, such as if you sign up for our newsletters. If you choose to receive information regarding Sticky Fingers promotions, then you give us your consent to share your name and email address with us. If you wish to discontinue receiving promotional emails from Sticky Fingers, you may unsubscribe any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of the promotional message.
We may also share your personally identifiable information with third parties who provide services to us, our customers and web site visitors. Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees and consultants and other companies, where we believe it to be appropriate (in our sole discretion).
Gift Certificates: If you purchase a gift certificate from our site you will give us the name, mailing information and phone number for the recipient. The Gift Certificate will be sent to the recipient via standard mail. The recipient information you give us will only be used to send the gift certificate and for no other purpose.
E-mail Services: We use a third party to send promotional e-mails to customers. Images contained in the email may be served by the third party. They collect certain information about you such as your IP address, browser type, your operating system, the country and server your computer is logged onto, where the servers that your computer is logged onto is located, the time and date that a particular email was viewed, and the area code and zip code associated with your server.
Sticky Fingers may gather general statistical information about our website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, and transactions completed using cookies and tags. Additionally, this information is used to better serve you with appropriate and relevant marketing offers. Cookies are small files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server; this information can only be accessed when you enter your name and password.
Security: Dickey’s is committed to preventing the unauthorized access to your personal information provided to us via our website, and we maintain procedures and technology designed for this purpose. Dickey’s takes the following steps to protect the information that you provide us: (1) we update and test our technology on a regular basis in order to improve the protection of customer information; and (2) we require outside customers and independent contractors to whom we provide customer information for marketing and servicing or processing purposes to restrict the use of your information to those purposes and we prohibit independent use of such information.
Children’s Online Privacy Act: You must be at least 13 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 13 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at info@stickyfingers.com.
Consent and Changes to Sticky Fingers Privacy Policy: By using Sticky Fingers website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by Sticky Fingers. The practices and policies contained in this disclosure are subject to change. If we ever change our practices and policies, we will post any changes on this page so that you always are aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. The practices and policies in this disclosure replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject matter.
Questions regarding this policy should be directed to info@stickyfingers.com
CLOSE
Go to Top