http://www.elf-magic.com/privacy-terms
Privacy + Terms
Online Shopping
Elf Magic offers online capabilities to purchase products. You must be 18 years of age or older to make any such purchases. Check our Customer Service page for more information on delivery, returns, and other frequently asked questions.
Regarding products featured on this website, please note that we make every effort to display Elf Magic products as accurately as possible. However, the colors, dimensions, and details that you see on your computer monitor may vary, depending on your equipment, so we cannot guarantee that your equipment will accurately display the details of our products. A detailed description of each product is also provided in an effort to describe the item more thoroughly.
If you have any questions concerning online shopping, you can send an email to info@elf-magic.com.
Secure Shopping
We take your security seriously! Appropriate security measures are in place to protect you against the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. When you see either a solid key icon or a locked keypad at the lower portion of your browser window it means the site is secured through a Secure Socket Layer (SSL). Pages requesting personal information will always have one of these icons.
No Purchases by Minors
By ordering a product online from Elf Magic, you represent that you are 18 years of age or older. If a child under the age of 18 orders a product from Elf Magic without parental or guardian permission, then the parent or guardian may return the product for a refund according to the process of our Return Policy.
Privacy
Elf-Magic.com has created a privacy statement in order to demonstrate the strong commitment we have to privacy.
Updated May 2018.
Use of this site signifies your acceptance of the terms and conditions.
Elf Magic, LLC is committed to protecting your online privacy when visiting our website. We do not collect and keep any personal information online from you unless you volunteer it and you are 13 or older. Please review the information below to familiarize yourself with our policies on website privacy, so that you can take full advantage of all the fun activities available at our site for you and your family. Please remember that this site and the servers that make this site available are located in the U.S. By using this site you agree to the transfer, collection, processing and use of data by this site.
Sales Rules and Regulations
One use per customer/delivery address. Offer valid only at elf-magic.com for the dates provided. Offer is not applicable to the purchase of pending purchases or purchases made prior to specified dates. Offer may not be used in combination with any other offer or discounts. Offer does not apply to sales tax or shipping charges. Offer only applies to shipping to a single address. All purchases are subject to bank authorization prior to processing. Only authorized purchases will be processed and shipped. We reserve the right to cancel any order due to unauthorized, altered, or ineligible use of offer and to modify or cancel this promotion due to system errors or unforeseen problems
SPECIAL NOTE FOR PARENTS AND LEGAL GUARDIANS:
Elf Magic adheres to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and the guidelines of the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus, Inc. You can help by spending time online with your children and monitoring your children’s online use. Please help us protect your child’s privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this site or any other without your permission.
If you are under 18, please be sure to read this policy with your parents or legal guardians and ask questions about things you do not understand. Children under 13 should get your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission before giving out your e-mail address or any personal information to anyone on the Internet.
Does Elf Magic Collect Any Personal Information About Me If I’m 13 Or Older?
Elf Magic doesn’t require anyone to share any personal information about themselves in order to enjoy our website. That means you can visit our site without any need to register with us. We do not collect any personal information from you or your teenager unless it is voluntarily provided. Remember, only people who are 18 or older may purchase products from our online store.
What Ordering Information Does Elf Magic Collect In Our Online Store?
We may offer opportunities to purchase products in our online store. Customers must be over the age of 18 with a valid credit card. Visitors under 18 can browse our online store but cannot make purchases. When a customer places an order online, we collect information associated with the transaction, which will include the customer’s name, mailing address, products ordered, shipping address, and credit card information. We use standard industry technology to protect credit card data during transmission to our website, and adopt careful internal procedures to safeguard this information in our system. We require our service providers and vendors to safeguard the privacy of any personal information they handle and to adhere to industry-accepted best practices to safeguard personal information.
What Does Elf Magic Do With The Information We Collect?
We respect your privacy, and any information that you provide will be used for the sole purpose of processing orders or to facilitate correspondence to you. All information collected with any personally identifiable information will be used only to make this site more effective in serving you.
Does Elf Magic Share Information About Me With Others?
Your personal and order information is collected and gathered by Elf Magic and will NEVER be shared with any third party for any reason unless the disclosure is required by law, or in response to a legal request.
Does Elf Magic Ever Collect Information Without Consent?
Elf Magic does not collect information passively through cookies or other tracking mechanisms except in the circumstances described above. However, our site contains links to other sites which may collect such information and Elf Magic is in no way responsible for the privacy or content of those sites.
Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small pieces of data, stored in text files, that are stored on your computer or other device when websites are loaded in a browser. They are widely used to ‘remember’ you and your preferences, either for a single visit (through a ’session cookie’) or for multiple repeat visits (using a ‘persistent cookie’). They ensure a consistent and efficient experience for visitors, and perform essential functions such as allowing users to register and remain logged in. Cookies may be set by the site that you are visiting (known as ‘first party cookies’), or by third parties, such as those who serve content or provide advertising or analytics services on the website (‘third party cookies’).
Both websites and HTML e-mails may also contain other tracking technologies such as ‘web beacons’, or ‘pixels’. These are typically small transparent images that provide us with statistics, for similar purposes as cookies. They are often used in conjunction with cookies, though they are not stored on your computer in the same way. As a result, if you disable cookies, the web beacons may still load, but their functionality will be restricted.
Cookies set by Elf Magic
Cookies are used by Elf Magic in a variety of ways. The cookies set will depend on the specific features that are enabled on a site. The cookies are only set when a user interacts with one of these features, or to allow admin functions to be performed from within the site’s dashboard.
Further details are provided in the following tables, which list the various cookies that are set for registered users of the site.
General
Cookie Name
Duration
Purpose
jetpackState[message]
session
Stores the state message passed back to the user across requests
regarding module activation.
jetpackState[error]
session
Stores the state’s error type passed back to the user across requests regarding module activation.
jetpackState[error_description]
session
Stores the state’s error description passed back to the user across requests regarding module activation.
jetpackState[module]
session
Stores the state’s module name passed back to the user across requests regarding module activation.
jetpackState[privacy_checks]
session
Stores modules that may require additional privacy-related verification for private sites so that we can properly communicate these to the user.
jetpackState[php_errors]
session
Stores any PHP errors found just before PHP shuts down execution.
jetpackState[deactivated_plugins]
session
Stores the names of any standalone plugins that needed to be deactivated by Jetpack so that these can be communicated back to the user.
jetpackState[network_nag]
session
Stores a true value if Jetpack is network-activated, and the plugin needs to communicate to the user that they must connect it on each child site of the network.
Jetpack Protect
Cookie Name
Duration
Purpose
jpp_math_pass
1 day
Remembers if a user has successfully completed a math captcha to prove that they’re a real human.
General Analytics
Cookie Name
Duration
Purpose
tk_ai
session
Stores a randomly-generated anonymous ID. This is only used within the admin area and is used for general analytics tracking.
Cookies & Consents Banner Widget
Cookie Name
Duration
Purpose
personalized-ads-consent
Time is configured by site owner. Default time is 180 days.
Remembers the state of visitor acceptance to personalized (cookie-based) advertising. This cookie is only set on sites running Jetpack Ads.
eucookielaw
Time is configured by site owner. Default time is 180 days.
Remembers the state of visitor acceptance to the use of cookies.
Controlling Cookies
Visitors may wish to restrict the use of cookies, or completely prevent them from being set. Most browsers provide for ways to control cookie behaviour such as the length of time they are stored – either through built-in functionality or by utilizing third party plugins. If you disable cookies, please be aware that some of the features of our service may not function correctly.
To find out more on how to manage and delete cookies, visit aboutcookies.org. For more details on your choices regarding use of your web browsing activity for interest-based advertising visit youronlinechoices.eu(EU based) or optout.aboutads.info (US based). On a mobile device, you may also be to adjust your settings to limit ad tracking.
You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing  Google’s opt-out browser add-on.
And finally…
We want you and your family to have fun surfing our site and urge you and your family to follow common sense whenever disclosing personal information – on this site or anywhere on the Internet. Thanks for reading our privacy policy. We hope you have a better understanding of the ways in which we really are committed to safeguarding online privacy. Remember, we may change our policy from time to time.
Contacting Elf-Magic
If you have any questions concerning our privacy policies, you can send an email to info@elf-magic.com.
Follow the fun!
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Instagram
News from the North Pole!
st. nick's newsletter
Elves around town!
see where we've been
submit your Elf photos
New this year and almost SOLD OUT!
Our new pajamas for elves and children are sure to be a fun addition to your Elf Magic tradition!
>> SHOP PAJAMAS
×
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.OkPrivacy policy