http://www.purvesphilatelics.co.uk/privacy-policy/
01892 724896
0  /  £0.00 View Basket
My Account
Home
Price List
Connoisseurs
New Additions
Sale Items
Wants List
My Account
Home/Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect the privacy of individuals who visit our website. This Privacy Policy sets out how Purves Philatelics uses and protects any information that you provide when using this website.
What personal data does Purves Philatelics collect?
We only collect personal data you have elected to provide on the following sections on purvesphilatelics.co.uk:
Name, address, phone number and email address provided on the 'Register with Purves Philatelics' form
My Account password is also stored in an encrypted format, meaning it is not readable by humans
Email address provided on the 'Sign up to our newsletter' form
Please be assured that your credit card details are not processed or stored by Purves Philatelics, these are processed by Worldpay (UK) Limited, a leading UK payment provider which is authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority under the Payment Service Regulations 2009 (No. 530923) for the provision of payment services. For more information please see WorldPay's Privacy Policy here.
Why does Purves Philatelics collect personal data?
Purves Philatelics collects and stores the necessary personal data required to effectively complete our contractual obligation to deliver goods you have purchased from purvesphilatelics.co.uk.
What does Purves Philatelics do with my personal data?
Purves Philatelics uses personal data to complete our contractual obligation to deliver goods you have purchased from Purves Philatelics. We will not share personal data with third parties unless we are legally obliged to do so or have requested your express permission to do so.
As a customer of ours we will also email you occasionally with information about Purves Philatelics' news, sales or special offers. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time using the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of the emails or contacting us at info@purvesphilatelics.co.uk.
How is my personal data stored and protected?
We are committed to protecting your data. Purvesphilatelics.co.uk is secured with a Comodo SSL Certificate that encrypts any data entered into the website as it is passed through the internet. The personal data processed by Purves Philatelics is then stored on a secure web server where specific processes have been put in places to ensure it is as secure as possible.
Personal data is also stored by our HTML email service provider, Campaign Monitor. Campaign Monitor is a leading email marketing software provider which we use to ensure we comply with the GDPR when contacting you via email. For more information please see Campaign Monitor's Privacy Policy here.
How can I find out more?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, would like details of the data we hold on you or would like to request its removal from our system please email info@purvesphilatelics.co.uk.
Cookie use and how to delete or control them
Purves Philatelics does not use cookies to collect or store personally identifiable information about you.
However, if you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are used on www.purvesphilatelics.co.uk you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how.
Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Please be aware that restricting cookies may impact on the functionality of the Purves Philatelics website.
In this section
Customer Feedback
Company Information
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Get in touch
Purves Philatelics
PO Box 95
Tonbridge
Kent TN12 7PX
United Kingdom
01892 724896
info@purvesphilatelics.co.uk
Join our newsletter
Stay up-to-date with all our latest British Commonwealth stamp additions by signing up to our monthly email newsletter.
Subscribe today
© 2020 Purves Philatelics. All rights reserved.
T: 01892 724896/Email us
Price List
Connoisseurs
New Additions
Sale Items
Customer Feedback
Company Information
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy