http://www.johnsoncrafts.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions
Menu
Cancel
View cart
Home
All Collections
Cross Stitch Kits
Thread
Fabric
Accessories & Tools
Tapestry Kits
Latch Hook Kits
Long Stitch Kits
Login
Login
Close
Home
All Collections
Cross Stitch Kits
Thread
Fabric
Accessories & Tools
Tapestry Kits
Latch Hook Kits
Long Stitch Kits
Free UK Delivery
When you spend £20+
Secure Online Payments
Credit & Debit Card + Paypal
Lowest Price Guaranteed
or we'll refund the difference*
Family Owned Business
Now in our 18th year
This web site is owned and operated by Johnson Crafts who are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments or if you need to contact us, please email us using the link on the "Contact Us" page.Making A Purchase Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping basket. After you have finished your selection, click on 'Checkout' and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.We accept card payments. If you are shopping from outside the United Kingdom, place your order and your card company will convert the transaction to your own currency.We accept Visa and MasterCard. If you do not wish to pay online, you may send your card information via phone, fax or by post.If you have made a mistake in your order and cannot correct it in the shopping cart, contact us and we will correct the mistake.When confirmation of your order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Shipping And Handling United Kingdom - Orders over £20 are delivered free. A charge of £1.50 is added to any order below £20.Europe - The cost of shipping to any European destination is £8.00. For heavy or valuable items, an additional charge may be made.Rest of World - The cost of shipping is £15.00. For heavy or valuable items, an additional charge may be made.Delivery Schedule Delivery times (within UK).
We will normally send your order to you in 2-3 business days. Most of our products are supplied direct from stock and will be delivered by first class mail, the Post Office aim to deliver 92% on the next working day after posting.You must inform us within 14 working days if the goods are lost or damaged in transit so that we can make a prompt claim against the delivery company and correct the problem. Please quote your order number in all correspondence.You agree that proof of delivery supplied by our delivery company is sufficient evidence to establish that goods have been received.International orders are generally received within 7 to 10 working days after dispatch.We will send an e-mail to the address you submitted to inform you of the dispatch of your goods. If goods cannot be shipped within a reasonable time we will e-mail you to advise you of this and, if there is to be a delay, ask if you wish to continue with the transaction and offer you the opportunity to cancel your order.If you have received an e-mail informing you of the dispatch of goods you can be certain they are in transit, if you have not received the goods within seven working days you should contact us. Compensation is limited to the cost of the goods ordered and will take the form of replacement or refund. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will order it for you and dispatch as soon as possible.
Tax Charges
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.Credit Card Security When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site.Guarantee We guarantee your satisfaction. All of our products come with a 28 day no quibble guarantee.
Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the contact page.
Privacy Policy
Johnson Crafts do not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the 'Remember Me' Option. They are also used after you have logged on as part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by going to 'Tools | Internet Options | Privacy' (in Internet Explorer) and selecting to block cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use cookies. Data collected by this site is used to:a. Take and fulfil customer orders.b. Administer and enhance the site and service.c. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes.
Returns Policy
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive.You are entitled to cancel your order and return the goods within 7 working days for a full refund, excluding the cost of delivery. Do this by contacting us by email or telephone and quoting the order number supplied to you. Your refund will be paid within 30 days. You are responsible for the cost and risk of loss or damage when returning the goods, so you should take out enough postal insurance to cover their value. This cancellation policy does not affect your rights when we are at fault - for example, if goods are faulty or misdescribed.Any goods returned should be in saleable condition.These terms apply to your order. We may change our terms and conditions at any time, so please do not assume that the same terms will apply in the future.None of these terms affect your legal rights and these are not diminished in any way. If any term is held to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, that term is automatically omitted from the terms to minimum extent necessary to comply with the law and without affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder.
Help & Information
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2020 JohnsonCrafts.
Newporte Business Park, Bishops Road, Lincoln LN2 4SY
American Express
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Maestro
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Visa
Added to your cart:
Subtotal