https://www.kachina-dolls.com/privacy-policy/
Menu
Search
Account
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
SearchAdvancedAccount WishlistLog InWelcome to Kachina Dolls: A SilverTribe.com Company Kachina Dolls Logo Home
Navajo Kachinas
Hopi Kachinas
All Kachinas
Bear Kachina Dolls
Badger Kachina Dolls
Buffalo Kachina Dolls
Chasing Star Kachina Dolls
Chief Kachina Dolls
Crow Mother Kachina Dolls
Eagle Kachina Dolls
Hemis Kachina Dolls
Hoop Dancer Kachina Dolls
Hototo Kachina Dolls
Hummingbird Kachina Dolls
Kokopelli Kachina Dolls
Morning Singer Kachinas
Mudhead Kachina Dolls
Ogre Kachina Dolls
Owl Kachina Dolls
Rainbow Kachina Dolls
Sunface Kachina Dolls
Warrior Kachina Dolls
Wolf Kachina Dolls
POTTERY
Gift Cards
Free Shipping
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWe at KACHINA-DOLLS.COM (or “we” or “us” or “our”) collect information about our customers and visitors to constantly improve their shopping experience and consistently meet their needs.At KACHINA-DOLLS.COM, we respect the privacy of our customers and have developed a privacy policy to reiterate our commitment to protecting the personal information of our valued customers and visitors. This policy describes in detail the information we collect from our customers and visitors, how we use it and with whom we share it.If you have questions about anything in our privacy policy please feel free to contact us by phone or email.Please Read This Privacy Policy Carefully. We want to ensure our customers understand what information we collect, for what purposes we collect information and the conditions you consent to when using our website to do business with KACHINA-DOLLS.COM. What types of information do we collect from our customers?Information we collect automatically when you use the ServicesKachina-dolls.com and our affiliate sites reserve the right to collect your information when you use any of our services, including but not limited to, the features you use; the links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to our services, products browsed, duration of sessions, items added to cart, frequently used search terms, etc.We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our services. If you do not wish for your information to be stored or used, please do not use any of our services. By using our services, you automatically agree that we can store and use your information that we collect on our sites as we see fit.This information includes, but is not limited to, Device and Connection Information: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better service experience. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Kachina-dolls.com and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners and other jewelry sites, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. For more information, please see our Cookies and Tracking Notice, which includes information on how to control or opt out of these cookies and tracking technologies.Information we receive from other sourcesThe data that we collect from you on our site is ours to share with any third-party we see fit. This can include services like email automation companies, Google AdWords programs, etc. We reserve the right to change our privacy policies at any time and it is up to you as the user to keep up with these changes. We collect your information in three primary ways: (1) Through information you voluntarily provide when you register with, make purchases from and otherwise use KACHINA-DOLLS.COM. (2) Through cookies and web beacons, which automatically gather data from your computer when you access certain services. We collect our customers’ personal information because it helps us provide the best services and products, and we take the security of your information seriously. (3) We might obtain personal information about prospective customers from agents, consultants, contractors, carriers and other third parties.These are the types of information we collect and manage: Contact information | When you register, make a purchase with KACHINA-DOLLS.COM or use our optional services, we ask for your name, mailing address, e-mail and telephone number. Contact us | When you ask us questions, send comments to us or seek our help, we might collect and save that data. Financial information | If you buy something from us, we will ask for your payment information, credit card number, and billing and shipping addresses. If you use our speed checkout feature, you give us permission to store your payment and shipping info. Gifts | If you ship a purchase to someone else, we will ask for the recipient’s name, address and e-mail address. Miscellaneous | If you choose to use our notify-a-friend program, wish-list feature or reminders, we might collect and save that data. Subscriptions | If you request our e-newsletters or other promotional notices, we might collect and save that data. If you sign up to receive e-newsletters, we might ask for information about what interests you. Technical | Our system uses cookies and web beacons to access technical information from the computer and mobile device you use to visit our website, including: the browser you use and its plug-ins, your computer’s operating system, your ISP (Internet service provider), and your computer’s IP address and location. To learn how our visitors use our online services, we automatically track how you are directed to our site and how you navigate through our site viewing products, making purchases and obtaining information. What are cookies, and does KACHINA-DOLLS.COM use them?
When you use the Internet, the websites you visit put little bits of information—called cookies—on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies serve three general purposes: session management, personalization, and tracking.We use session cookies, which expire as soon as you leave our website, to maintain data while you are at our site. For example, it will keep items in your shopping cart while you continue to browse our site.We use persistent cookies to personalize your sessions and to track how you navigate through our site. When you visit any website, it personally greets you by remembering your user ID or password, you know you have a cookie from that site. These stay on your hard drive until you delete them or they expire.You can control your computer’s cookies. Use the “Help” feature of your browser to learn how to disable cookies, delete them or prevent them from being placed. We recommend that you leave KACHINA-DOLLS.COM cookies enabled so you can enjoy the shopping features that we offer. What are web bugs, and do we use them?
A web bug, also known as a tracking bug or web beacon, is a small transparent graphic that tracks when you read an e-mail or web page, what computer you use to read the message, and how you forward messages. We use web bugs to compile data about our customers’ shopping and browsing habits while they visit our website. For example, if you arrived at our website via an advertisement we placed on a third party’s website, the web bug lets us know. This valuable information helps us market and manage our website and improve experience while you’re shopping with us. What if I don't want to provide my personal information?
If you buy something from us, ask us questions, request help or subscribe to our services, we need your information. We respect the confidentiality of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement, whether you provide it over the phone, in writing, through our website or by other means. Will you protect my personal information?
Your personal information is encrypted when it is sent to any website beginning with “https.” Our servers store your information in a restricted-access facility. When we communicate with you about your order, we use only the last four digits of your credit card number. How will you use my information?
First and foremost, we need it to process your orders and to communicate with you about your orders. Additionally, we use your contact information for e-mail newsletters, promotions and to respond to your requests for information. Second, our marketing team and managers use your personal information for research on how to improve our products, customize your content and offer the best services possible. Occasionally, we might ask you to complete a survey or short questionnaire to help us improve our business; your participation is not required. Finally, the information we collect via cookies and web bugs is used to analyze how our customers access, use and navigate our site. The data will teach us how we can improve our content, market our services and enhance your shopping experience. Do you share my personal information with third parties? How?
If you use a credit card for your purchase, we share your information with your financial institution (Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal). If we ship items to you, we share certain information with the delivery service (UPS, USPS). If you purchase an item that ships direct from another company, such as a manufacturer, we will share your information with that company.We might grant access to our customers’ information to third parties who perform business on our behalf, such as customer service, accounting, research and development, marketing, IT and records management. These entities use the information to perform functions that we hire them to do, and we DO NOT authorize them to use that information for any other purpose.If you use one of our third party affinity programs, we will share information with the other entity—and they with us—concerning your purchases. If we ship your purchase to a third party or you use our notify-a-friend feature, we will contact that person, if you request it.If you use the social media sharing buttons on our site (such as Google+, Facebook and Twitter), you give us permission to share certain personal information about you with those entities. If any part of KACHINA-DOLLS.COM or one of our affiliates merges with, acquires or is acquired by another entity, our customers’ personal information could be part of the transferred assets. If this happens, the acquiring entity or we will notify you via e-mail or by posting notice on our website.We reserve the right to share your personal information with our affiliates as it pertains to our business, when we believe it is legally necessary and to enforce the General Terms and Conditions of this website and our other services. We reserve the right to share your personal information when we believe it is necessary to protect the safety, property, rights or other interests of KACHINA-DOLLS.COM and its customers. What are third party affinity programs?
A third party affinity program is when two—or more—entities partner for mutual benefit. For example, a university might partner with a bank to offer its alumni a MasterCard. When we advertise KACHINA-DOLLS.COM products on other sites, and you click to our services and purchase products, we share information about your KACHINA-DOLLS.COM purchases with these other member organizations. What about children? Do we protect their information?
Our terms and conditions state that you must be over 18 to use our services and purchase our products. In addition, we do not knowingly collect information from anyone under 13 years of age. How can I find out what information you have on file about me? Can I make changes to it?
You may review and change your personal profile at KACHINA-DOLLS.COM any time by going to “My Account” and entering your user ID and password. You may also change your shipping address or payment method when you place orders. You may contact our customer service representatives to check or change your profile and to remove your name from our contact lists.Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Customer Support1-888-659-2227InformationAbout UsPrivacy PolicyReturn PolicyShipping InformationTerms and ConditionsContact UsCustomer ReviewsResourcesHow are Kachina Dolls Made? Kachina Doll MeaningsSubscribe to Our Newsletter
Subscribe © 2019 Kachina-Dolls.com