http://www.annscardsandgifts.com/privacy.php
www.AnnsCardsAndGifts.com
Anaheim,  California
Tel (714) 900-2760
Product Search
Use keyword(s) or stocknumber
View Shopping Cart
Items:  0
Total:  $0.00
Top DVD & Video Categories
Hallmark Hall of Fame Movies
Hallmark Channel DVDs
Christmas / Holiday DVDs
Family DVDs
Action Adventure DVDs
Comedy DVDs
Documentary DVDs
Drama DVDs
Music, Concerts, & Music DVDs
War DVDs
Western DVDs
View ALL DVD Categories >>
Hallmark Collection
Hallmark Ornaments
Photo Albums and Scrapbooks
Hallmark Books
Merry Miniatures
Hallmark Music
Kiddie Car Classics
Gifts & Collectibles
Josef Originals Dolls
Precious Moments
...more  than 400 designs in stock!
PM "Tender Tails" Beanies
Snoopy & the Peanuts Gang
Jim Shore
Cherished Teddies
Betty Boop
...more than 75   designs in stock!
Barbie Figurines & Plates
Mary's Moo Moos
Ty Beanie Babies
Disney
Teddy Tompkins Bears
Charming Tails Mice
Mary Engelbreit
Wizard Of Oz
Winnie the Pooh and Friends
Robert Raikes Bears
Star Trek
Lucy & Me Figurines
Dacra Plaques & Figurines
Enesco Deluxe Music Boxes
Customer Service
Contact Us
Frequent Questions
Refunds & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Return to Main Page
Privacy Policy
DVDs, photo albums, collectibles, and much more...
Ann's Gift Shop and our website AnnsCardsAndGifts.com respect our customers' right to Privacy. We have built our reputation on service and taking care of our customers beyond their expectations, and we will continue to provide these levels of service for many years to come. At no time will any personal information given to Ann's Gift Shop (i.e. name, home address, home or work phone numbers, purchase history, etc.) be sold or transferred to any other party. Information may be shared between our sister websites, which are wholly owned by us.
If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing and payment information.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to you. Your contact information, including physical address and delivery phone number, is also used by us and shared with the package carrier on the shipping label to get in touch with you should you need to be contacted regarding the delivery of your package, questions about your order or regarding the status of your order.
The financial information we collect (such as a credit card number for a purchase) is used only to bill you for products you purchase.
AnnsCardsAndGifts.com uses cookies -- small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Third-Party Web Analytics: We use third-party web analytics from Google to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Google may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Google, click here.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us at privacy@annscardsandgifts.com.
Ann's Gift Shop respects your privacy and will never sell or distribute your email address to any third parties.Please read our Privacy Policy for more details. Web Page Design Copyright 1996-2014, Ann's Gift Shop.
Ann's Gift Shop is an independent dealer and is no longer affiliated with Hallmark Cards, Inc.
Ann's Gift Shop does not claim any copyrights to the collections or pictures listed on this page.