https://www.buildersbook.com/terms-of-use/
Menu All CategoriesCALCULATORSSlide Rule/Wheel CalculatorsCODES / STANDARDS2016 Edition - California Title 242019 Edition -California Title 24 California EasiTabs 2019Quick-CardsRelated Title 24 PublicationsCode ChecklistsElevatorsFast-TabsFire Protection2009 International Codes2012 International Codes2015 International Codes2018 International CodesCODE & COMMENTARY QUICK-CARDSFLASH-CARDSBBI FAST-TABS2021 International Codes2020 L.A. City and County CodesNFPA ManualsOregon CodesPlumbing Codes2009 Uniform Codes2012 Uniform Codes2015 Uniform Codes2018 Uniform Codes2021 Uniform CodesWashington CodesElectrical2008 NEC2011 NEC2014 NEC2017 NEC2020 NEC FLASH-CARDSNEC 2020 TABSQUICK-CARDSNEC 2020 RELATED PUBLICATIONSAlarms, Low-VoltageConduitsElectrical
CalculationsElectrical Design, DraftingElectrical EstimatingElectrical SafetyElectricityMike HoltMotors and EquipmentPower and TransformersStallcup's BooksSTALLCUPS DOWNLOADS Tom Henry BooksUgly's BooksWiringIAEI (International Association of Electrical Inspectors)ESTIMATINGCraftsman Cost GuidesCurrent Construction Costs LibraryRSMeans PublicationsFORMS/LEGAL/BUSINESSAIA Contract Paper Documents (Hard Copy)California Forms & ContractsCalifornia Forms & Contracts for DownloadHome Inspection FormsConstruction Business & ManagementConstruction LawOther ProductsARCHITECTUREENGINEERINGNew Books!NewslettersPOCKET REFS / TRUCK BOOKSQUICK-CARDSSOFTWARE and DVDs/VIDEOSSTUDY GUIDES / PASSBOOKSTRADES & TOPICSWelcome, BTB Customers!Clearance STUDY GUIDES Architectural Study MaterialsBarCharts: QuickStudy CardsContractor's License ExamElectrical Study GuidesNEC 2008 Study GuidesNEC 2011 Study GuidesNEC 2014 Code & Study GuidesNEC 2017 Code & Study GuidesNEC 2020 Code & Study Guides Engineering License Study GuidesFlash CardsICC Inspector's Study GuidesPassbooksQuickPass (CD-ROM)Quickpass Study Guides for download Home All CategoriesCALCULATORSSlide Rule/Wheel CalculatorsCODES / STANDARDS2016 Edition - California Title 242019 Edition -California Title 24 California EasiTabs 2019Quick-CardsRelated Title 24 PublicationsCode ChecklistsElevatorsFast-TabsFire Protection2009 International Codes2012 International Codes2015 International Codes2018 International CodesCODE & COMMENTARY QUICK-CARDSFLASH-CARDSBBI FAST-TABS2021 International Codes2020 L.A. City and County CodesNFPA ManualsOregon CodesPlumbing Codes2009 Uniform Codes2012 Uniform Codes2015 Uniform Codes2018 Uniform Codes2021 Uniform CodesWashington CodesElectrical2008 NEC2011 NEC2014 NEC2017 NEC2020 NEC FLASH-CARDSNEC 2020 TABSQUICK-CARDSNEC 2020 RELATED PUBLICATIONSAlarms, Low-VoltageConduitsElectrical
CalculationsElectrical Design, DraftingElectrical EstimatingElectrical SafetyElectricityMike HoltMotors and EquipmentPower and TransformersStallcup's BooksSTALLCUPS DOWNLOADS Tom Henry BooksUgly's BooksWiringIAEI (International Association of Electrical Inspectors)ESTIMATINGCraftsman Cost GuidesCurrent Construction Costs LibraryRSMeans PublicationsFORMS/LEGAL/BUSINESSAIA Contract Paper Documents (Hard Copy)California Forms & ContractsCalifornia Forms & Contracts for DownloadHome Inspection FormsConstruction Business & ManagementConstruction LawOther ProductsARCHITECTUREENGINEERINGNew Books!NewslettersPOCKET REFS / TRUCK BOOKSQUICK-CARDSSOFTWARE and DVDs/VIDEOSSTUDY GUIDES / PASSBOOKSTRADES & TOPICSWelcome, BTB Customers!Clearance STUDY GUIDES Architectural Study MaterialsBarCharts: QuickStudy CardsContractor's License ExamElectrical Study GuidesNEC 2008 Study GuidesNEC 2011 Study GuidesNEC 2014 Code & Study GuidesNEC 2017 Code & Study GuidesNEC 2020 Code & Study Guides Engineering License Study GuidesFlash CardsICC Inspector's Study GuidesPassbooksQuickPass (CD-ROM)Quickpass Study Guides for download Contact Us Account
Home
Terms Of Use
Terms Of Use
Revised: December 2020
Your use of this website (www.buildersbook.com) is subject to the current Terms and Conditions of use, which follow.
Builder's Book, Inc. ("Builder's Book") provides this site and any site-related services (collectively, "Site") subject to your agreement and compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below (the "Agreement"). By using the Site, you (individually and as a representative of your organization) acknowledge that you agree to be bound by all of the terms and conditions set forth herein. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use the Site.
Builder's Book may, in its sole discretion, modify or revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this Web page. By using the Site following a modification or revision of this page, you are bound by any such modification or revision; accordingly, you should visit this page periodically to review the most current version of this Agreement.
Grant of License. Builder's Book grants visitors to the Site the nonexclusive right to use the information and tools provided and accessed via the Site in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and any representations and user documentation provided online.
Visitors, by using the Site, acknowledge that the Site constitutes valuable and proprietary property of Builder's Book or third parties who have contributed to the Site. If a visitor wishes to use content from the Site in any manner not expressly permitted by these terms and conditions, that visitor may request permission from Builder's Book by giving to Builder's Book a written description of the intended use and such other information as Builder's Book may request. Permission may only be granted in writing, by an authorized representative of Builder's Book. The granting of such a request may entail an additional fee payable by the person or organization making such request.
Log In. Visitors shall maintain as personal and confidential the user ID and password that they may use to establish and maintain an account with Builder's Book, which login information they may use to faciliatate ordering products and services from Builder's Book. It is each visitor’s sole responsibility to protect their log in user ID and password from unauthorized use. Failure to do so can expose the visitor to unauthorized charges against their credit card(s), and in liability to Builder's Book for all damages resulting from such breach.
Reservation of Rights. Builder's Book reserves all rights not expressly granted to visitors, including, but not limited to, the right to alter, modify, update, enhance or improve the Site.
Taxes and Invoices. Visitors acknowledge and agree that following the entry of an order for products or services offered on the Site, the total amount of charges due is subject to Builder's Book's standard order, billing and collection terms and conditions. Visitors are responsible for payment of all invoices, credit card charges, shipping charges, and applicable taxes that result from their use of the Site.
Exchanges/Refunds. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, all products and services offered on this Site are provided under Builder's Book's standard policies regarding exchanges, refunds and returns.
Termination of this Agreement. This Agreement will terminate automatically without any notice from Builder's Book if visitor fails to comply with any provision of these terms and conditions. Upon termination, visitor shall no longer access the Site and the visitor's user IDs and passwords shall be deactivated.
Termination for any reason shall not affect Builder's Book' entitlement to any sums due hereunder or otherwise.
Liability Disclaimer
THROUGH THIS SITE, BUILDER'S BOOK MAKES EVERY EFFORT TO PROVIDE COMPLETE, TIMELY AND ACCURATE INFORMATION. HOWEVER, BUILDER'S BOOK MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE BOOKS, CHARTS, SOFTWARE, INFORMATION, SAMPLES, CODES, FORMULAE, GRAPHICS, FUNCTIONALITY AND OTHER ASPECTS OF THIS SITE, NOR THEIR MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES IS NOT PERMITTED BY SOME STATES. THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY PROVIDES YOU WITH SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS. THERE MAY BE OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU MAY HAVE WHICH VARY FROM STATE TO STATE.
IN NO EVENT SHALL BUILDER'S BOOK BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR PURCHASE AND/OR USE OF ANY BOOK, CHART, SOFTWARE, INFORMATION, SAMPLE, CODE, FORMULA, GRAPHIC, FUNCTIONALITY OR OTHER ASPECT, PRODUCT OR SERVICE PROVIDED BY THIS SITE. OUR LIABILITY TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IS LIMITED TO $50.
Information, opinions, claims, representations and recommendations expressed in this Site are provided solely by their authors or original publishers; they do not necessarily represent the opinion or work product of Builder's Book, or any of the Site's sponsors, owners, or other contributors. Builder's Book makes no effort to verify or substantiate any of the information provided by others. Any example companies, organizations, products, people and events depicted anywhere in this Site are fictitious, unless otherwise noted. No association with any real company, organization, product, person, or event is intended or should be inferred.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Builder's Book, Inc., and our employees and affiliates harmless from any liability, loss, claims and expenses, including reasonable attorney's fees, from a third party related to your violation of these terms of service, the Site's privacy policy or the copyright provisions.
Any information provided to you via this website shall be considered information provided for informational purposes only and should not be considered professional, legal, financial, or medical advice.
Jurisdiction and Applicable Laws. The subscription to the Site and interpretation and application of these terms and conditions will be governed by the laws of the State of California. No action arising under this subscription may be brought by either party more than one year after the cause of action has accrued. The exclusive jurisdiction for any action arising from the Agreement shall be the courts of Los Angeles County, State of California.
Severability. If any part of these terms and conditions is found void and unenforceable, it will not affect the validity of the balance of the terms and conditons, which shall remain valid and enforceable.
Legal Notices
Revised: September 2002
Trademarks and Copyrights
The pages, screens, source code, text, graphics, animations and design used in this Site are Copyrighted 2002 by Builder's Book, Inc. The content of this Site is intended for the private use of visitors to this website, and no permit is granted to reuse any of the content herein for promotional or editorial purposes in any form, without prior written approval of Builder's Book. No portion of the information, graphic images, files, and other material contained in this site may be embedded, framed or otherwise presented on any other Intranet-, Internet-, or Web-based service. No substantial portion of the information, files and other material contained in this Site may be printed, copied, photocopied, reproduced, translated, or published in any electronic or machine-readable form in whole or in part without prior written approval of Builder's Book.
"Builder's Book" is a trademark of Builder's Book, Inc. All other company names, brands, products and services referenced herein may be the trademarks or service marks of their respective owners, and may be registered in certain jurisdictions. "®" indicates registration in the United States.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for copyright owners who believe that material appearing on the Internet infringes their rights under U.S. copyright law. If you believe in good faith that materials presented on this Site infringe your copyright, you (or your agent) may send a written notice to Builder's Book's Copyright Agent that includes all of the following information: A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed (or if multiple copyrighted works located on the Site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works); The name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address (if available) of the complaining party; A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Builder's Book's Copyright Agent for such notice of claims of copyright infringement is Mr. Oussa Awad, and can be reached as follows: By mail: Oussa Awad, Builder's Book, Inc., 8001 Canoga Avenue, Canoga Park, CA 91304, (818) 887-7828.
Privacy Policy
Revised: September 2002
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for www.buildersbook.com (the "Site"). Specifically, this Site has agreed to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through the Site.
The organization collecting the information.
How the information is used.
With whom the information may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Builder's Book's control.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should first contact Builder's Book by e-mail: sales@buildersbook.com.
Information Collection and Use
Builder's Book, Inc., is the sole owner of the information collected on the Site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Builder's Book collects information from our users at several different points in the Site.
Registration In order to use some portions of this Site, a user must first provide name and address information. During product ordering, for example, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name, company information, physical address and e-mail address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest, and to ensure that those items that they have ordered may be shipped without error. It is sometimes optional for the user to provide demographic and geographic information (such as job title, job responsibilities, etc.), but we encourage all users to provide as much of the optional information as they are comfortable so that we can provide a more personalized experience on our site.
Cookies The Site makes minimal use, if any, of so-called "cookies." Any cookies we use are for the sole purpose to expedite ordering, and are initiated only after you have selected a product to place in your shopping cart. The site may in the future increase its use of cookies; at that time, all active visitors to the service will be notified of this change in our policy.
Web Server Log Files We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track patterns of user movement through the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information, and we make no effort to do so. We use such information to help us improve navigation methods, develop content which meets the interests of the greatest numbers of users, and to identify any other areas for improvement or development.
Sharing We may share aggregated usage and demographic information with our business partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person or company.
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our users, it is occasionally necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources. For example, In order for this website to enhance its ability to tailor the site to an individual’s preferences and to provide information and services that meet and even anticipate our users' needs, we combine information about the information needs of our users with similar information from our partner companies and from third-party sources, to create a generalized user profile. Information we contribute to this process is aggregated usage and demographic information only. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person or company.
Links This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Builder's Book is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they use such links; they should read the privacy statements of each and every web site so linked, regarding their collection and use of any personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Builder's Book website.
Newsletters, E-mail Services and Information Requests If a user wishes to subscribe to any of our e-mail services, such as an e-mail newsletter, or if you request a printed catalog, we ask for contact information such as name, e-mail address and mailing address.
Surveys & Contests From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose any of the information requested in the survey or contest forms. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic or geographic information (such as job title or zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Tell-A-Friend If a user elects to use any of our referral services for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and e-mail address. Builder's Book will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the site. Builder's Book stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail The friend may contact Builder's Book to request the removal of this information from their database, by sending e-mail to sales@buildersbook.com.
Security This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our online checkout system is accessed, you are transferred to our secure web servers, so that information you provide is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the yellow lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to unlocked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. On a regular basis, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, in our hosting company's secured facilities.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this webpage so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances, if any, we might disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we may use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.