https://www.nortonarmouries.com/terms-of-use
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.You must be at least [18] years of age to use our website.
By using our website [and by agreeing to these terms and conditions] you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
[Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our [privacy policy / cookies policy].
Licence to use website
Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages [or pictures] from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
Sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;Show any material from the website in public;
Reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;]
Edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or]
Redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution [(such as our newsletter)]
[Where content is specifically made available for redistribution, it may only be redistributed [within your organisation].
Acceptable use
You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent.
[You must not use our website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.]
[You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.]
Limited warranties
We do not warrant the completeness or accuracy of the information published on this website; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to this website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill).
Limitations and exclusions of liability
Nothing in these terms and conditions will: (a) limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; (b) limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; (c) limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or (d) exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in these terms and conditions: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the terms and conditions or in relation to the subject matter of the terms and conditions, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
[To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free-of-charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.]
[We will not be liable to you in respect of any losses arising out of any event or events beyond our reasonable control.]
We will not be liable to you in respect of any business losses, including (without limitation) loss of or damage to profits, income, revenue, use, production, anticipated savings, business, contracts, commercial opportunities or goodwill.
[We will not be liable to you in respect of any loss or corruption of any data, database or software.] We will not be liable to you in respect of any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify us and undertake to keep us indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by us to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of our legal advisers) incurred or suffered by us arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions [, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions].
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to our other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, we may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
We may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of our website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on our website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
We may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with our rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Exclusion of third party rights
These terms and conditions are for the benefit of you and us, and are not intended to benefit any third party or be enforceable by any third party. The exercise of our and your rights in relation to these terms and conditions is not subject to the consent of any third party.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions [, together with our privacy policy,] constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with English law, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the [non-]exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Our details
The full name of our company is Norton Armouries Ltd.
Our office address is Home Farm Studios, Eastnor, Herefordshire, HR8 1RD
You can contact us by email - mail@nortonarmuries.com .
Norton Armouries’ privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Norton Armouries uses and protects any information that you give www.nortonarmouries.com when you use this website.
Norton Armouries is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Norton Armouries may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 2014.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name and job title
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information, which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file, which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at mail@nortonarmouries.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties, which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information, which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Norton Armouries Ltd, Home Farm Studios, Eastnor, Herefordshire, HR8 1RD
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Placing an Order
You can place an order with us via (A) the website or (B) email to mail@nortonarmouries.com where upon you will be invoiced via paypal.
By submitting your order you are offering to buy goods and allowing us to use your personal details for the purpose of supplying those goods (Including passing your details onto couriers and other subcontractors).
All online orders are confirmed as received through sending an auto-generated email. We reserve the right to decline your order. We will contact you by telephone or email regarding delivery, delays or security issues. We will not be responsible for compensating you for any other loses you may suffer if we do not supply the goods.By purchasing any product or item you are thereby agreeing to these terms and conditions.
International Orders
Our Main courier is Parcel Force (www.ParcelForce.com) . Shipping costs are calculated by the weight of the products ordered and dimensions.
Cooling-off Period
If you are not happy with your goods, you have a seven working day cooling-off period in which to return the unwanted items. This begins the day after you receive your goods. The items must still be as new and returned to the address below at your cost. You will receive a refund for the cost of the items returned, but not shipping costs or any other additional charges. This does not apply to custom or made-to-order items. This is in accordance with your statutory rights.
Return address:
Norton Armouries Ltd
Home Farm Studios
Eastnor
Herefordshire
HR8 1RD
Damage in Transit
If goods arrive in a damaged condition you must make a note of this on the couriers delivery consignment note and contact us immediately.
In-Correct Goods
If you take delivery of the wrong product please note this on the couriers delivery consignment note and contact us immediately.
It is the customer's responsibility to ensure that what they are signing for is indeed being delivered. Shortages must be noted on the courier's delivery consignment note and you must contact us immediately.
Back Orders
If you order a product that delayed in the process of manufacture we will contact you to make you aware of this. From here you can decide to proceed with or cancel the order. The time scales quoted on such products are estimated time scales. We strive to be as accurate as possible with regards to estimated back order time scales. You have the option to cancel an order that is on back order at any time and your card will in turn be refunded in full.
Faulty Returns
Products delivered which are 'damaged' should be notified within 14 days from the delivery date. Upon receipt of the goods and confirmation of the fault you will be offered either a replacement, a repair or full refund, providing the item is complete with all accessories and in its original box and packaging. If the product is not deemed faulty the goods will be returned to you. You will be liable for both the uplift and return carriage charge. This returns policy does not affect the buyer's statutory rights.
Exchanges
We do not provide an exchange policy on non-faulty and wrongly purchased goods. If an item is returned for either of these reasons we will return the item at the customers cost with no refund.
Service
NORTON ARMOURIES LTD TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY WITH THE USE OF IT'S PRODUCTS. PLEASE USE OUR PRODUCTS RESPONSIBLY, AND MAKE SURE THAT YOU OR ANYONE USING YOUR ITEMS IS VERSED IN THE ASPECTS OF SAFETY.
Complaints
In the unfortunate circumstance you feel the need to complain about any area of the service you received from Norton Armouries please feel free to put it in writing to the following address:
Norton Armouries Ltd
Home Farm Studios
Eastnor
Herefordshire
HR8 1RD
In such an event we will do everything we can to put them right.