https://www.pursuitcollection.com/privacy-policy/
Pursuit Collection
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site you are agreeing to our
Cookie Policy
.
Close
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Inspiration
Videos
Stories
Sustainability
Careers
Alaska
Banff & Jasper
Glacier & Waterton
FlyOver Canada
FlyOver Iceland
Denver
Travel Trade
Media
Contact
Home
Home Overview
About Us
About Us Overview
Inspiration
Inspiration Overview
Videos
Stories
Sustainability
Sustainability Overview
Careers
Careers Overview
Alaska
Banff & Jasper
Glacier & Waterton
FlyOver Canada
FlyOver Iceland
Denver
Travel Trade
Travel Trade Overview
Media
Media Overview
Contact
Contact Overview
We unlock the world of wonder
The memories we create for our guests aren’t typical —every experience is unique, personal and unforgettable. We inspire travelers and each other. We never stop searching for the places we're passionate about, connections we value and moments that bring us joy.
Alaska Collection
Banff Jasper Collection
Glacier Park Collection
Sky Lagoon
FlyOver Attractions
OUR SAFETY PROMISE
OUR SAFETY PROMISE
Pursuit's Safety Promise is our commitment to the safety and well-being of our guests and staff. Through this program, we will ensure that everyone feels safe at our experiences so that the power of our places can shine through.
Learn More here
Privacy Policy
Pursuit Privacy Policy
Pursuit and all of its divisions including The Banff Jasper Collection, The Glacier Park Collection, The Alaska Collection, FlyOver Canada, FlyOver Iceland, FlyOver Las Vegas and Sky Lagoon (collectively, "we", or "us"), protects information you provide us or we collect from you as described in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions explains how we collect, use, share, and safeguard information we obtain about individuals in the course of providing our services and operating our websites (collectively, our "Services").  By using or interacting with the Services, you are consenting to the collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Should you have any questions or requests you may contact us at ComplianceProgram@Viad.com.  See the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below for further contact information.
Pursuit is a division of Viad Corp.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to Viad Corp or Viad Corp’s other divisions including, without limitation, its U.S. based subsidiaries Global Experience Specialists, Inc., onPeak LLC, and ON Services – AV Specialists, Inc.  The Privacy Policies for all Viad Corp subsidiaries are available at Click Here.  This Privacy Policy also does not apply to applicants seeking employment with us or our current or past employees.
PRIVACY POLICY SECTIONS
Our Commitment to Protecting Your Privacy
Personal Information We Collect
Why We Ask for Your Information
Sharing Your Information
International Transfers
Your Profile and Communication Preferences
How We Safeguard Your Information
Children
How You Can Access, Correct and Delete Your Information
Privacy Notices
Contact Pursuit
Changes to This Privacy Policy
OUR COMMITMENT TO PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
Pursuit will not collect, use, or share your information for any purpose other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy without updating you in advance;
Pursuit will not provide, sell, or lease any of your information to third parties outside of the Pursuit divisions for their own commercial use;
Pursuit take measures consistent with industry recognized security standards and practices to protect your information from unauthorized access, theft, or loss; and
Pursuit will respect your rights under data protection laws and will respond within a reasonable period of receiving a request submitted in accordance with the section titled "CONTACT PURSUIT” below, giving consideration to the nature of the request.
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect or receive your information through:
Reservations made either through our on-line booking application, customer service phone center, at any of our hotels, attractions, or other properties, or by third party travel agents, travel wholesalers, or tour operators;
Submissions you voluntarily make such as when requesting customer service; submitting complaints; requesting brochures, newsletters, or other information; establishing an account profile with us; participating in loyalty programs or marketing campaigns; completing surveys and comment cards; and other interactions you may initiate; and
Use of our websites, interactions with our emails, and visits to our properties.
Types of information we may collect includes your name, address, email address, internet protocol address, phone number, date of birth or age, contact information, payment card information, guest preferences, special requests, information necessary for on-property services you request, interests you indicate in specific travel and tourism related products, demographics, how you interact with our websites and emails, and other information you voluntarily choose to provide.
We endeavor to serve special requests for accommodations you voluntarily provide such as adjoining rooms, smoking rooms, placement in a wheelchair-accessible room, dietary preferences or restrictions, and special sleeping accommodations.  Special requests are only used for the stay for which they are provided.
If you establish an on-line account in one of our internet booking engines, then we will collect information to use as your user name, password, and information to verify your identity.
If you are booking through a third-party travel agent, travel wholesaler, or tour operator, then we typically will receive only your name and special requests.
WHY WE ASK FOR YOUR INFORMATION
We may ask for your information to: (i) book a reservation and deliver the Services you have requested; (ii) communicate our on-property amenities and activity suggestions for an upcoming visit; (iii) process payments and collect sums owed; (iv) provide customer service, obtain your feedback, and track our performance; (v) verify your identity when advisable; (vi) deliver information you request about Pursuit, our properties and destinations, and recent developments that may be of interest to you; (vii) advertise our Services to you; (viii) create and secure an on-line account, if you choose to establish one; (ix) maintain a profile of our ongoing relationship below to better serve you including providing you offers that may of interest to you; (x) create anonymized data statistical information; and (xi) assist in matters related to your personal safety and the safety of others.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We may share your information with the following types of entities:
Suppliers, including but not limited to other activity providers, hotels, cruise organizations, car rental agencies, and other travel experience providers who will help fulfill your travel reservations. We share the minimum information necessary to secure a booking and will never transfer your payment card information for such purpose. Information that we share with suppliers to facilitate bookings will be treated by the applicable supplier according to its privacy policy and Pursuit’s Privacy Policy will not apply.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies, terms of use, and other policies of any travel supplier whose products and services you may decide to purchase through Pursuit.  Please note that these suppliers may contact you to obtain additional information to facilitate your reservations or for any other purpose described in their privacy policies and terms of use.
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including business analytics, payment processing, customer service and marketing communications. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including, for example, as necessary to operate features of our website, to collect guest satisfaction data, or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests.  You are not required to respond to our surveys but if you do, the response will be collected through software provided by our survey vendor, whose name and privacy policy will be provided with the survey.  Your survey responses may be published in our promotional materials or at a third-party travel site. We may disclose your email address to third party websites for purposes of advertising our Services which may appear to you (and other users logged in under your email address) while using the third-party website through the use of a third-party ad server.  Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
Pursuit may share information among its divisions for purposes set forth in the section titled “WHY WE ASK FOR YOUR INFORMATION” above. Additionally, Pursuit shares your information with its affiliate, Global Experience Specialists, Inc., for purposes of providing computer infrastructure services to Pursuit.  These services are primarily provided from data centers located in the United States.  Pursuit divisions and affiliates are subsidiaries of Viad Corp, a publicly held company traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: VII).  We also may share your information with our parent company, Viad Corp, for purposes of compliance including, without limitation, executing requests you may have concerning your information.
We also may share your information as reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with laws applicable to our operations; (ii) respond to requests from government authorities; (iii) enforce our rights, defend ourselves, and take other actions to protect our property; (iv) satisfy our record keeping, regulatory, and legal requirements; and (v) engage in transactions involving the sale or transfer of our assets, or in connection with a bankruptcy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
The nature of our business and our operations require us to transfer your information to Pursuit affiliates and third-party service providers that may be located in countries outside of the country from which you provided, or we collected, the information.  All transfers of your information between countries will be in compliance with the local privacy laws of the jurisdiction from which the data is transferred, as well as in compliance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Your information may be transferred to data centers in Canada and the United States maintained by Pursuit, its divisions or affiliates, or their service provider.  Pursuit divisions and its affiliates are located in the United States and each are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Additional information regarding transfers is set forth in the section titled "PRIVACY NOTICES” below.
YOUR PROFILE and COMMUNICATION PREFEReNCES
Tracking your Engagement
To better understand marketing effectiveness and to help deliver a better user-experience, we track the browsing patterns of all those visiting our websites. When you complete and submit an online form or make an online purchase, we not only use your personal information to facilitate the request and/or booking, we also use that data to tailor future communications and promotions to your interests.  When that online form is submitted or an online purchase is made, we associate your historical web browsing data to that conversion, and all the data therein.  Then going forward we associate your interactions with Pursuit marketing email.  All of this enables us to better understand the effectiveness of our marketing communications, promotions, websites, and internet booking engines.  In some instances, we will do the same for individuals who book with us offline and provide us an email address during that booking process.  See our Cookie Policy posted at our websites for more details on how we use third party cookies to track your website and email experiences.
You might access a Pursuit website from either an ad on a third-party website or a link on a travel provider’s website with whom we have a preferred relationship. In either case, we do not receive any personally identifiable information related to you prior to arriving at the Pursuit website.  We will collect, however, information such as the website you linked from for our administrative purposes.
Pursuit’s Privacy Policy does not apply once you leave Pursuit’s website.  Before disclosing information at a third-party website, including sites linked from a Pursuit website, we encourage you to review the privacy statement posted at the website.
Email Communications
By opting-in to a Pursuit newsletter program, you will be regularly updated with our current promotions and offers, new experiences, and interesting stories happening within the geographies we live and work in.  You will be given the opportunity to update your email subscription preferences and/or unsubscribe from these emails via links provided within each email you receive from Pursuit.
Internet Booking Engine Profile
You may create online profiles with us within our internet booking engines.  A profile you create will be unique to the Pursuit division that the internet booking engine supports, and it will not be connected to or associated with other divisions’ internet booking engines.  The information you provide in a profile for a Pursuit division will eliminate the need to provide that same information for your repeat purchases with that Pursuit division.  The profile will also display your previous bookings with the Pursuit division.
Duration
Pursuit will retain website browsing data, marketing email metrics, online form submissions, bookings and other related profile information you provide or we collect for a period of five (5) years from your last activity with us, unless you request us to delete it sooner by contacting Pursuit as provided in the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below.
How We Safeguard Your Information
Pursuit, its divisions and affiliates employ reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect against the loss of, or unauthorized access to, the information under our control.  Steps we have taken to enhance network and information security include the implementation of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology for payment transactions, digital certificates, password protection for all web applications that contain personal information, and industry standard infrastructure security.  Although we take measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee that your information will always remain secure.
Children
Pursuit does not intend to receive personal data directly from minors.  Information collected from an individual while booking a reservation includes the ages and names of children who will be staying at a hotel or participating in select activities.  Children’s ages and names provided to us are not retained for any commercial purpose other than providing the specific service for which we requested the information.  We assume individuals purchasing or inquiring about our Services are not minors.  If a minor provides us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, then the parent or guardian can get the minor’s personal information deleted by contacting Pursuit as provided in the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS, CORRECT AND DELETE YOUR INFORMATION
Pursuit will support your desire to access, correct, and delete your personal information.  We provide you with several options to manage your information and the communications you receive from Pursuit:
Each email we send you will have links to manage “Subscription Preferences" or "Unsubscribe";
If you have an account, you may update your profile in our internet booking engine; and
You may send requests including, among others, to access, correct, or delete your information to Pursuit as provided in the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below.
PRIVACY NOTICES
This Privacy Policy applies to the following entities:
Brewster Inc., doing business as The Banff Jasper Collection and Flyover Canada;
Glacier Park, Inc., doing business as The Glacier Park Collection;
CATC Alaska Tourism Corporation doing business as The Alaska Collection;
FlyOver Iceland ehf and Esja Attractions ehf;
FlyOver Las Vegas LLC;
Pursuit Investment Holdings, Inc.;
Pursuit Collection, Inc.;
FlyOver Attractions, Inc.; and
Atlantic L ehf doing business as Sky Lagoon
Pursuit operates in several countries. Please note that we may collect, store and process your personal information in Canada, the United States, or another country other than the country you live in.  This Privacy Policy together with our Terms and Conditions establishes our principles for the collection, use, sharing and safeguarding of information that apply to Pursuit globally.  Additionally, each country or state in which we operate or do business may have specific requirements concerning personal information we receive or collect.  Pursuit is committed to complying with all privacy laws as they apply to our operations.
Canada Privacy Notice:
We comply with applicable Canadian data protection laws, such as the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), Alberta’s Personal Information Protection Act (PIPA), and other substantially similar Canadian federal and provincial laws regulating the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.  We will not collect, use or share your personal information for any purpose other than as permitted by this Privacy Policy except with your consent.  We will respond to your request to access personal information as promptly as possible.
Personal Information
Source of Personal Information
Why we Collect Personal Information?
To Whom We May Disclose Personal Information?
Identifiers such as: Name, title, address, email address, telephone number, date of birth or age, and IP address
See Personal Information We Collect
Information provided by the consumer and in some cases provided by third parties such as travel agents, travel wholesalers, or tour operators
See Personal Information We Collect
Communicate with you, process orders, fulfill requests
See Why We Ask For Your Information
Our internal affiliates and third parties such as hotels or tour companies
See Sharing Your Information
Customer records such as signatures or credit card numbers
See Personal Information We Collect
Information provided by consumer
See Personal Information We Collect
Ensure approval of orders, charges, and process payments
See Why We Ask For Your Information
Credit card processors or banks
See Sharing Your Information
Commercial information such as products and services ordered, preferences and special requests including room request and dietary needs
See Personal Information We Collect
Information provided by consumer, included on order forms, or ordered on websites or provided by third parties such as travel agents, travel wholesalers, or tour operators
See Personal Information We Collect
Provide products and services, recommend additional products and services, complete sales and invoicing
See Why We Ask For Your Information
Our internal affiliates and third parties such as hotels or tour companies
See Sharing Your Information
Internet or other electronic network activity, including browsing or search history
See Personal Information We Collect
Information collected from consumer’s use of our website
See Personal Information We Collect
Provide better customer service, offer products and services, and communicate upcoming events. Optimize the use or our website
See Why We Ask For Your Information
Our internal affiliates
See Sharing Your Information
Geolocation data such as location while using our website
See Personal Information We Collect
Information collected from consumer’s use of our website.
See Personal Information We Collect
Provide better customer service, offer products and services, and communicate upcoming events. Optimize the use or our website
See Why We Ask For Your Information
NA
Sensory information such as recorded calls
See Personal Information We Collect
Information collected from consumer if they call customer service
See Personal Information We Collect
Provide better customer service
See Why We Ask For Your Information
NA
Your name, email address or any other personal information you may have shared, or choose to share with us in the future, will never be sold, traded, rented, given away or used for any other purpose than to provide you with the information or services you have requested or as required by applicable law.  At all times, it is your choice whether or not you provide us with your personal information, and if you do not notify us of your objection to our use of your information as described within this Privacy Policy, we will consider you to have consented to such continued use.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to identify the personal information we collect, describe how you can review and make changes to that personal information, describe how you can learn about changes to the Privacy Policy, and provide you with a mechanism to opt-out of certain marketing activities. If you wish to opt out of receiving solicitations from us, make a request to have your personal information modified or removed from our systems, or do not want us to share your personal information with partners for marketing purposes, you can record your preferences by emailing us at ComplianceProgram@Viad.com, calling 1-800-413-4113, or writing to:
Chief Compliance Officer
Viad Corp
1850 N. Central Avenue, Suite 1900
Phoenix, Arizona 85004-4565
European Union Privacy Notices (GDPR)
The General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR) and data protection legislation of Switzerland provides data subjects with certain rights with respect to personal data.  These rights include, among others, rights to request from Pursuit access to and rectification or erasure of personal data, right to restrict processing, right to object to processing, the right to data portability, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
The “data controller” for personal data received or collected by a Pursuit division is the corresponding Pursuit legal entity identified at the top of the section titled “PRIVACY NOTICES” above.
We rely on legitimate interests as our lawful basis for processing except for processing that is required to provide an individual with Services purchased from us.  These interests include, without limitation, making your visits with us as satisfying as possible, improving our properties and service, and understanding your travel and other related interests so that we can personalize an ongoing relationship with you.  We reserve the right to process your information for all of the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, or for which you otherwise consent.  You have the right to object to any processing of your personal data.  You may make such a request by contacting Pursuit as provided in the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below.
Canada ensures an adequate level of data protection within the meaning of the GDPR.
Data transfers to Pursuit’s divisions and affiliates in the United States will be in compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework, as applicable.  Please read below for further information on our compliance with Privacy Shield.
Privacy Shield For Data Subjects From European Union Member Countries and Switzerland
Viad Corp’s Pursuit brand entities covered by this Privacy Policy located in the United States (namely, Glacier Park, Inc. and CATC Alaska Tourism Corporation) comply with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries (and Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. We have certified that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are subject to the regulatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
We will use our reasonable best efforts to maintain the security of your personal information, provide opt-in/opt-out notices as required by law where personal information is collected, use data in a manner consistent with its original purpose for collection, and offer mechanisms for you to assist in ensuring your personal information is accurate and reliable. In the event that we transfer your personal information or any other data regulated by Privacy Shield to a third party, we could be liable for any damages resulting from violations of applicable law arising from such onward transfer, provided that we were responsible for the event giving rise to such damage.
We may be required, and therefore reserve the right, to share your personal information in response to lawful information requests from governmental authorities or as otherwise required by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In instances where we share personal information to a third party, or if that information is to be used for a purpose different than the purpose for which it was originally collected, you may opt-out of such onward transfer of your personal information by notifying us of your decision by emailing or writing to us as provided in the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below.
You have the right to access, correct, or delete your personal information, and you may also limit our use or disclosure of your personal information, provided that you send us notice of any such request in an email to info@viad.comComplianceProgram@Viad.com or by mail to: Viad Corp., Attn: Chief Compliance Officer, 1850 N. Central Avenue, Suite 1900, Phoenix, Arizona 85004-4565.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we commit to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact our Chief Compliance Officer at our parent company, Viad Corp, via email at ComplianceProgram@Viad.com, or by writing a letter to us at: Viad Corp, Attn: Chief Compliance Officer, 1850 N. Central Avenue, Suite 1900, Phoenix, Arizona 85004-4565.
We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD website at www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided to you free of charge.
If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms.  See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction
California Privacy Notice
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request and obtain from us, free of charge once per year, certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To fulfill the intent of the California law requiring websites to conspicuously post their privacy policies, we have included the following summary.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to identify the personal information we collect, describe how you can review and make changes to that personal information, describe how you can learn about changes to the Privacy Policy, and provide you with a mechanism to opt-out of certain marketing activities.  If you wish to opt out of receiving solicitations from us, make a request to have your personal information modified or removed from our systems, or do not want us to share your personal information with partners for marketing purposes, you can record your preferences by contacting Pursuit as provided in the section titled “CONTACT PURSUIT” below.
CONTACT PURSUIT
If you have any requests concerning your information or questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact our Chief Compliance Officer at our parent company, Viad Corp:
E-mail:
ComplianceProgam@Viad.com
Post:
Viad Corp
Attention:  Chief Compliance Officer
1850 North Central Avenue, Suite 1900
Phoenix, AZ   85004-4565
We will use reasonable measures to verify the identity of a data subject before proceeding with a request.  If you have provided an email address to Pursuit, please include it with your request.  Once verified, a request received will be processed across all Pursuit divisions.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect your feedback, to implement changes required by applicable law, or as we may otherwise deem necessary or appropriate.  If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or how we use your personally identifiable information, then we will either notify you by email or prominently post notice of the change at our websites and internet booking engines prior to implementing the change.
Last Updated:  June 10, 2020
Our website uses cookies. By continuing to browse our site you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy.
Close
Pursuit1.403.760.6913  |  CONTACT US
Pursuit is a collection of inspiring and unforgettable experiences in iconic places including Alaska, Montana, the Canadian Rockies, Vancouver, Reykjavík, Las Vegas (opening in 2021) and Toronto (opening in 2022).
About Us Inspiration Sustainability Careers Travel Trade Media
Our Experiences
Alaska CollectionBanff Jasper CollectionGlacier Park CollectionSky LagoonFlyover CanadaFlyover IcelandFlyOver Las Vegas
© 2020 Pursuit
Privacy PolicyCookie PolicyEmployees