https://www.ener-chi.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyAndreas Moritz2018-06-11T11:21:30+00:00
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how the website www.ener-chi.com, which is owned and operated by Ener-Chi Wellness Center (“ENER-CHI”) collects, uses and shares personally identifiable information (“PII”) we obtain from and about individuals located nationally and internationally, both online and off-line. This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 11, 2018.
From time to time ENER-CHI may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our PII collection and use practices, the features of our web sites, or technology. If this Privacy Policy is updated, date above and at the bottom of this page will reflect the last update. Therefore, you should review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices.
COLLECTION: COLLECTION OF PII BY ENER-CHI
General. ENER-CHI collects personally identifiable information (“PII” — that is, information such as your full name, email address, mailing address, or telephone number) only in order to create, maintain or enhance our relationship with you. When we collect PII from you it is because you are voluntarily submitting the information to us because you want us to furnish you with products, services or information.
Cookies. Cookies are small bits of information that ENER-CHI places on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies may make it easier for you to navigate the website and for the website to remember your preferences. ENER-CHI uses cookies and similar tools to collect or otherwise record any type of PII provided by or about any visitor to ENER-CHI. By using the website, you are consenting to ENER-CHI’s placement of cookies on your computer. If you do not consent to ENER-CHI’s placement of cookies, you must leave the website immediately.
NOTICE: ENER-CHI WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH NOTICE ABOUT ITS PII COLLECTION PRACTICES
When ENER-CHI collects PII from you, we will make sure you are informed about who is collecting the information, how and why the information is being collected and the types of uses ENER-CHI will make of the information.
This Policy describes the types of other companies that may want to send you information about their products and services and therefore may want to share your personal information (See “Use” below). However, ENER-CHI will notify you of your options regarding our use of your personally identifiable information, including whether we can share it with outside companies, typically at the time of collection. (See “Choice” below).
ENER-CHI’s web site(s) may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Although we choose our business partners carefully, ENER-CHI is not responsible for the privacy practices of web sites operated by third parties that are linked to our site(s) or for the privacy practices of third party or so-called national Internet advertising companies. Once you’ve left the ENER-CHI site via such a link, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine how they will handle any PII they collect from you.
ENER-CHI’s web site(s) may also be linked to sites operated by our business partners or by other companies that are affiliated with us. Visitors to those affiliated sites should still refer to their separate privacy policies and practices, which may differ in some respects from this Policy.
ENER-CHI uses several business partners to provide you with products and information. These business partners have their own policies and agreements that govern their use of your PII and other information.
UltraCart
UltraCart manages ENER-CHI’s shopping cart and checkout. All information about data collections and storage can be found in their privacy policy. UltraCart stores customer order records for 3 years.
UltraCart Privacy Policy:
https://www.ultracart.com/legal/privacypolicy.html
Authorize.net
Authorize.net manages ENER-CHI’s credit card processing.
Authorize.net Privacy Policy:
https://www.authorize.net/about-us/privacy/
United Fulfillment Solutions
United Fulfillment Solutions (“UFSI”)manages ENER-CHI’s product fulfillment. We pass PII needed to fulfill your order, such as name and shipping address.
Contact UFSI:
http://www.unitedfsi.com/contact-us/general/
MailChimp
ENER-CHI uses MailChimp for the purpose of sending emails about newsletters, Special Offers and occasional news or updates about our website policies.
MailChimp Privacy Policy:
https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Manage your email preferences:
You can update your preferences or unsubscribe with the links at the bottom of all ENER-CHI’s email communications.
Telelink
Telelink manages ENER-CHI’s customer service call center and records customer service calls. After July 1, 2018 Telelink will commence purging all call recordings once they are one year old.
Contact Telelink:
https://telelink.ca/contact/
Google Analytics
Google Analytics stores cookies on your PCs to keep track of usage data.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy:
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
CHOICES: ENER-CHI WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH CHOICES ABOUT THE USE OF YOUR PII
ENER-CHI will provide you with the opportunity to choose whether your PII may be used for purposes different from the purpose for which it was submitted or those purposes described in this Policy. You will also be able to choose whether your information is shared with companies that are not affiliated with ENER-CHI.
USE: ENER-CHI’S USE OF PII
ENER-CHI will use your PII in a manner that is consistent with this Policy and for the purpose for which it is submitted, unless other uses are disclosed and you allow us to use your information in other ways. ENER-CHI may use PII in aggregate, anonymous form for research purposes. In most instances, ENER-CHI will delete PII from its records as soon as possible.
ENER-CHI employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to your PII. Outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities (record keeping, data management, order fulfillment, statistical analyses) must comply with ENER-CHI’s instructions with respect to PII, and may only use PII to provide ENER-CHI with a specific service and not for any other purpose.
If ENER-CHI obtains PII from a third party, such as a business partner, ENER-CHI’s subsequent use of this information is governed by this Policy.
There may be instances when ENER-CHI may disclose PII without providing you with a choice in order to protect the legal rights of ENER-CHI, its affiliates, parent company, employees, agents, contractors and their service providers; to protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process.
In addition, if ENER-CHI sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of some or all of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, ENER-CHI may transfer your PII to a third party as part of that transaction.
SECURITY: ENER-CHI PROTECTS THE SECURITY OF PII
ENER-CHI uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard PII in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, ENER-CHI uses reasonable methods to make sure that PII is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete. However, ENER-CHI, its officers, directors, affiliates, employees, agents, contractors and their service providers do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that PII will be protected against unauthorized access, loss, misuse or alterations. ENER-CHI does not accept any liability for PII submitted, or for any third parties’ use or misuse of PII.
If you choose to provide PII, ENER-CHI will not use the information for any purpose other than to respond to your inquiry and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
COPPA DISCLAIMER
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) was created to protect children, under the age of thirteen (13) from unsuspecting acts or practices in conjunction with collecting, using, and disclosing any information about them. The Site will never knowingly accept, collect, maintain or use any information from a child under the age of thirteen (13). If a child whom ENER-CHI knows to be under the age of thirteen (13) sends personal information to us online, ENER-CHI will only use that information to respond directly to that child, notify parents or guardians, or seek parental consent.
ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE: HOW TO ACCESS, CORRECT OR DELETE YOUR PII AND HOW TO CONTACT ENER-CHI ABOUT PRIVACY CONCERNS
Whenever possible, visitors to ENER-CHI may review the PII we maintain about them in our records. ENER-CHI will not be able to provide such access to PII that has been deleted from its records as soon as we are allowed to by law. However, prior to such deletion ENER-CHI will not use that PII except for the purpose for which it was submitted, and ENER-CHI will also take reasonable steps to correct any PII a visitor informs us is incorrect. However, ENER-CHI does not have the right or the ability to review or delete your PII from third party vendors who process services for ENER-CHI, including but not limited to the third parties listed above. Your ability to review or delete your PII is governed by those third parties’ policies.
If you would like to communicate to us about this Privacy Policy or ENER-CHI’s collection and use of your PII, to review, correct or delete your PII, or to stop all future communication from us, please contact us:
Ener-Chi Wellness Center
Email: support@ener-chi.com
USA Toll Free: 1-866-258-4006 (USA)
For calls from outside the USA: 709-570-7401
Please note that participation in certain activities on our web sites(s) may be limited if PII is not submitted by you.
Privacy Policy Last Updated:
June 11, 2018
shop
cart
|
Search for:
newsletter Ener-Chi Newsletter
Updates & Special Promotions
Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Go to Top