http://www.gallon.com/privacy-policy
Sign up for our emailing list to get news about Gallon Historical Art, exclusive coupons and more.
Sign up for our e-mail list
contact@gallon.com
(717) 334-0430
Search for:
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used to process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies to:
Analyze non-personally identifiable web traffic (Google Analytics)
Provide a customized shopping experience for our users (E-commerce Accounts & User Services)
To respond to any requests for informations you may have (Contact Forms)
Cookies in no way provides us with access to your computer or any information about you, other than the information you choose to share with us.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on March 1, 2014.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Gallon Historical Art, Inc.
9 Steinwehr Ave. Gettysburg, PA 17325
Phone: 717-334-8666
Email: contact@gallon.com
This policy is subject to change without notice. If any changes are made, the policy in effect at the time of purchase will be honored.