https://www.dyeableshoestore.com/store-policies/
Skip to content
Our various policies for dyeableshoestore.com are broken down into the tabs below.
Shipments Within the U.S.A.
Shipments Outside the U.S.A.
Returns & Exchanges
Your Privacy
Shipping Within The United States
When shipping within the United States, we use UPS. They provide a tracking number so that you can check where your package is and when it is expected to arrive.
If you order one pair of shoes or handbag, it will normally ship the same day or the following business day unless otherwise stated in the shoe description (Example: Grace shoes may take up to ten days to ship) and providing they are in stock.
If you order two or more items from the same manufacture, they will ship the same day or the following business day providing they are in stock.
If you order two or more items from different vendors, it can take up to 4 business days to process the order. The reason is that the factories are located throughout the US and we bring the items into our store and then ship your order complete.
Orders Including Products From Multiple Manufacturers
When placing an order with multiple vendors, it may take up to 4 business days to process the order.
Express Shipping
Next day air orders and second day orders get processed right away. If they cannot be shipped the same day or the next business day (depending on what time the order is received, see below), we will contact you.
Processing Orders
If you place an order past 1:30 pm Eastern Time, the shoes will be mailed out the following business day. This is when the factories stop shipping. This applies to all packages – ground and express mail!
Problem Orders
If there is a problem with your order, you will receive a phone call or an email that same day when possible. Otherwise we will call you the next business day.
UPS Ground Shipments
UPS ground shipping can take anywhere from 2 to 7 business days. Most single-vendor items are shipped from the factory direct.
Here is a list of the factory locations. Based on where you are located in relation to these locations, you can estimate how long it will take to receive the shipment.
Dyeables: Barrington, New Hampshire
Touch Ups: Barrington, New Hampshire
Pink: Duluth, GA
Nina: California
Benjamin Adams: Duluth, GA
Liz Rene: Barrington, New Hampshire
Foot Petals: Natick, Massachusetts
Vaneli: Natick, Massachusetts
Jonathan Kayne: Barrington, New Hampshire
Dyeable Shoe Store will gladly ship our products to many destinations throughout the world! When ordering to an address outside the U.S., please take the following into consideration.
Shipping Price
Shipping generally costs around $50.00 for express mail. Shipping to Canada costs anywhere from $35.00 and up. The actual shipping cost is based on the weight of the package and the destination.
Shipping Time
Shipping generally takes 5–10 business days depending on where you are located, Canada included. A package can get held up in customs, which is out of our control. Once the package leaves our facility, we do not have control over it. If you have the tracking number, you will be able to call the local customs department and get more information. If there are any delays in the US, we will be able to help by contacting the U.S. Postal Service.
Fees
You are responsible for all duty, taxes and entering/processing fees which may be incurred when your package arrives. When shipping internationally, we use the US Postal Service because their rates are significantly lower than UPS.
Tracking numbers
The US Postal service does provide tracking numbers for all Express Mail packages. If you need a tracking number, please email SHOESTODYEFOR@GMAIL.COM.
Addresses
When shipping internationally, our system is set up differently than the US Postal shipping system. If we need clarification regarding your address, you will receive an email from us asking you to re-state your address in the form accepted by the postal service (in our email, we outline exactly what details we are looking for). If we send you an email asking for address clarification, we will NOT ship out your package until we hear back from you. (Canada usually is not an issue, for any other destination we will send an email.) You will receive this email as soon as we have reviewed your order. If you place your order on a weekend this will most likely be the following Monday. If you place your order during evening hours (Eastern Time) this will be the next business day.
Shoe Size Conversions
We use a standard shoe conversion chart to determine your U.S. shoe size as closely as possible. Although we cannot guarantee fit, we have had success using this chart. Here is a copy of the chart:
US and Canada
(Women's Sizes)55-1/266-1/277-1/288-1/299-1/21010-1/21112
UK
(Women's Sizes)2-1/233-1/244-1/255-1/266-1/277-1/288-1/29-1/2
Australia
(Estimated conversion)4-1/255-1/266-1/277-1/288-1/299-1/21010-1/211-1/2
Europe3535-1/2363737-1/23838-1/2394041424343-1/244
Inches99-1/89-1/49-3/89-1/29-5/89-3/49-7/81010-1/810-1/410-1/210-5/810-3/4
Centimeters22.823.123.523.824.124.524.825.125.425.72626.72727.3
When we send an email to confirm an address, we also email about size just to double check. We realize the shipping is expensive and ordering online can be difficult. We want your shopping experience to be as smooth and easy as possible and we do our best to make sure you are getting what you expect in the correct size.
If you have any questions about international shipping, please email:  ORDERS@DYEABLESHOESTORE.COM or call
1-508-653-6063 between the hours of 10-8 pm (eastern standard time).
At Dyeable Shoe Store, we strive to provide you with the latest fashions in bridal, wedding, dyeable, prom and evening footwear as well as wedding accessories. The quality and value of the products we represent are unsurpassed in the industry. It is very important to us that your online shopping experience is pleasant, easy and successful. Our return policy is stated below. If you have any questions, please call us at 508-653-6063, or email us.
Our Return Policy
In order to expedite the return process, please include a copy of the order confirmation or refer to the original order number. This information was emailed to you when you received your email confirmation.
* SHIPPING CHARGES ARE NOT REFUNDABLE
Shoes & Handbags
Dyeable Shoe Store will gladly exchange or issue a refund on any undyed or unused shoe or handbag that is returned to us within 30 days of the shipment date. After the 30th day, all purchases are considered final sale and are not refundable or exchangeable.
Worn shoes cannot be exchanged or returned. If you try the shoes on with your dress, we ask that you wear hosiery, and only wear the shoes on carpet. If there are toe prints on the shoes or if the soles are scuffed from trying them on, we cannot take them back.
A 20% re stocking fee will be deducted from the amount refunded if three or more items from the same order are returned. This charge is necessary in order to prevent multiple items being ordered for stylizing with a single gown and to cover the cost of reshipping the items back to the manufacture. There is no restocking fee for exchanges in style, size or material.
For Angela Nuran,Bella Belle and Badgley Mischka shoes, a 10 % restocking fee will be charged on returns to cover shipping and restocking costs. No fee will be charged on exchanges.
The shoes must be returned in the same condition in which they were received. Save the box the shoes were shipped in, this is the best package to use for returns.
Shoes and/or handbags that have been dyed cannot be returned or exchanged. All dyed work is FINAL SALE!
Shoes and/or handbags must be returned to the address listed below. This most likely will not be the return address on the box! Many items sold on this site are shipped directly from the manufacturer. Please make sure to cross out the old shipping label on the box before sending merchandise back for return or exchange. It is suggested that you return items using insured mail or UPS. We cannot be responsible for items lost in shipping.
Handbags must have all tags still attached and must not have been used in order to be refundable. If the handbags are missing any of the original tags, they cannot be returned or exchanged.
All items marked Final Sale cannot be returned or exchanged. This includes anything that has been dyed or specifically marked as FINAL SALE.
Accessories (All items other than Shoes or Handbags)
Used items cannot be returned or exchanged. All accessories must have all of the original tags and packaging. They need to be in the same condition in which they were received.
Custom work is FINAL SALE. This includes any accessory that has been engraved, embroidered, and any other personalized or customized work.
Damaged Goods must be reported the day the product is received. Damaged goods will be replaced at our expense.
All accessory returns are subject to a 20% re-stocking fee. This amount will be deducted from the total amount refunded.
All accessory returns must be sent back to us within 5 days of receipt. In order for you to receive any credit (minus the 20% re-stocking fee), the returned package must be postmarked and shipped within 5 days of receipt of the package, based on the day UPS delivers the package to you. Returns will not be accepted if they have been sent back after the 5-day period and no credit will be issued.
Accessories must be returned to the address listed below. This most likely will not be the return address on the box! Many items sold on this site are shipped directly from the manufacturer. Please make sure to cross out the old shipping label on the box before sending merchandise back for return or exchange. It is suggested that you return items using insured mail or UPS. We cannot be responsible for items lost in shipping.
This strict policy is necessary because while we want to make sure that your accessories are in good condition and meet your expectations we need to be assured that they are not being used then returned.
ALL RETURNS MUST BE SHIPPED BACK TO THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS:
Dyeable Shoe Store
C/O Shoes To Dye For
1257 Worcester Road # 514
Framingham, MA 01701
Phone: 508-653-6063
Your privacy is as important to us as it is to you. Any information you provide while using our web site is kept strictly confidential and only used internally. We never disclose any customer information to third parties.
Information Collection and Use
Dyeableshoestore.com retains the right to collect and utilize customer information provided through this site for internal use only. We have never, and would never disclose, sell, rent or share any customer/client information to any third party. All personal and credit card information is transferred over a secured and encrypted channel.
Cookies
Dyeableshoestore.com does not use cookies on this web site. (A cookie is a small text file of information that certain Web sites attach to a user’s hard drive while the user is browsing the Web site. A Cookie can contain information such as user ID, user preferences, archive shopping cart information, etc.)
Ordering
Dyeableshoestore.com utilizes an online shopping cart feature to process customer orders. Information you provide (be it personal or financial) will only be used for billing purposes to process your order or to contact you if necessary, regarding your order.
Links
The Dyeableshoestore.com web site includes associate links of other great sites that we know and trust. The privacy policy on this site applies solely to information collected through the Dyeableshoestore.com web site. Dyeableshoestore.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of our associate link sites and we encourage you to read the privacy policies of any associate site you may visit through our site pages.
Surveys & Contests & Special Offers
From time-to-time the Dyeableshoestore.com web site may request information from our site users via surveys or contests and special offers. Your participation in any survey, contest or special offer is voluntary and any information you provide will be protected as explained in the “Information Collection & Use” section of this privacy policy.
Security
All personal and credit card information you provide to Dyeableshoestore.com is transferred over a secured and encrypted channel and restricted for internal office use only. Please contact webmaster@dyeableshoestore.com if you have any questions about the security at our website.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
To update any of your information provided to Dyeableshoestore.com, please forward an email to Ron@dyeableshoestore.com.
Notification of Changes
Dyeableshoestore.com will post any changes to our privacy policy on our Home page and only use information collected in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was received.
Custom Dyeing
If you cannot find a local shoe repair shop or salon to dye your bridal or prom shoes, our master dyer has over 20 years experience and can custom dye your shoes to your satisfaction. Please call
1-508-653-6063 between the hours of 10-5 pm (eastern standard time) or send us an email to arrange your custom dye order.
Dyeableshoestore.com respectfully appreciates your patronage and privacy.
Sincerely,
Ron & Lisa Davis
Dyeable Shoe Store
AllBridal AccessoriesHandbagsJewelrySale / ClearanceShoe AccessoriesShoesVeils
Search for:
Home
Shoes
Dyeable Shoes
Dress shoes
Designer Shoes
Children’s Shoes
Handbags
Dyeable Handbags
Evening Handbags
Jewelry
Foot Jewelry
Earrings
Bracelets
Necklaces
Jewelry Sets
Veils
Elbow
Finger Tip
Short / Birdcage
Waltz
Chapel
Cathedral
Single Layer
Double Layer
Accessories
Shoe Accessories
Shoe Decorations
Water Protectant Spray
Comfort Cushions
Heel Guards
Slip Protection
Bridal Accessories
Hair Combs
Hairpins
Headbands/Tiaras
Ring Pillows/Flower Girl Baskets
Belts / Sashes
Brooches
Card Box
Garter Belts
Gloves
Hosiery
Dyeing Process
Sale / Clearance
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register