https://www.philosophy.com/terms/privacy-policy.html
Home
Site Map
Search box
Help
Skip Navigation
free shipping with any purchase!
free shipping with any purchase!
Menu
sign in /register
Skip to Main Content
offers
gift guide
gift guide submenu
view all
Holiday Collection 2020
Holiday Sets
Fragrance
Bath & Body
Exclusives
Skincare
Stocking Stuffers
$24 & Under
$25 to $49
$50 & Up
For the Superstar
For the On-the-go-getter
For the Nature Lover
best sellers
best sellers submenu
our #1 purity cleanser
bestsellers
new!
Explore Our New Limited Edition Holiday Collection
skin care
skin care submenu
view all
face moisturizers
face wash & cleansers
eye creams
face masks & peels
makeup
lip treatments
serums & treatments
skin care for men
shop by concern
fragrance
fragrance submenu
view all
eau de toilette
eau de parfum
rollerballs
fragrance gift sets
amazing grace
magnolia
Try The Award Winning Amazing Grace Eau De Toilette
body
body submenu
view all
bath & shower gels
body lotions
body spritz
shampoo
lip treatments
hand cream
pure grace
amazing grace
Explore Our Shampoo, Bath & Shower Gels
collections
collections submenu
view all
purity made simple
nature in a jar
anti-wrinkle+
renewed hope
the microdelivery
ultimate miracle worker
amazing grace
pure grace
grace roses
fresh cream
outlet
rewards
rewards
rewards submenu
Sign in/register
About philosophers rewards
FAQs
terms of service
sign up now
our purpose
our purpose submenu
charity - hope & grace
stores
#lovephilosophy
charity - hope and grace
free shipping over $50
Skip to Main Content
Search
you have no items in your cart
sign in
Register
offers
help
help
customer care
Email us
call us: 1(800)-568-3151
Get Email
search
you have no items in your cart
search
privacy policy
privacy policies
privacy notice
your privacy is important to philosophy inc. and its affiliates (“philosophy”, “we” or “us”) and we are committed to protecting your personal information. this Privacy Notice (“Notice”) relates to our use of your personal information when you:
use our website and provide us with your personal information through philosophy.com;
register for our rewards program;
interact with us through social media, adverts or content on third party websites;
interact with us in person by attending a philosophy event; and/or
otherwise engage with us, for example by contacting our customer services department.
this Notice explains who we are; what personal information we collect about you; how we use it (including who we share that personal information with) and your rights and choices regarding your personal information.
this Notice was last updated October 2020. if you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided in the section below marked “how do I contact philosophy?”.
who is philosophy?
we are a wellbeing beauty brand specializing in skin care, fragrance and body care products. philosophy is part of the Coty Inc group which is a world leading beauty company, making cosmetic, skincare and fragrances. for more information about Coty, visit their website https://www.coty.com/our-story/the-purpose-of-coty.
what categories of personal information does philosophy collect about me?
the personal information that we may have collected about you within the last twelve (12) months broadly falls into the following categories:
information that you provide directly
when you engage with philosophy either online or in person, we may ask you to provide us with personal information about you. the personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point when we ask you to provide it. we have listed below the categories of personal data we may collect:
identifiers
for example, if you complete a user registration form, register for our rewards program or participate in an online survey, complete a product review; enter a competition and/or contact our customer service department; you may provide your first name, last name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, the brands/products you use and your opinion on those brands/products.
when you register for a rewards account, we will also collect information associated with your account such as the date you joined the loyalty program, your current loyalty points balance, your order numbers and the number of points you have redeemed.
personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records provisions
for example, when you place an order and/or contact our customer service department, you may provide your delivery and billing address, credit card type, credit card number and credit card expiration date.
some personal information included in this category may overlap with the category above.
protected classification characteristics under California or federal law
for example, if you register for our rewards program, you may provide your birthday and gender.
biometric information
for example, if you enter a competition on the philosophy.com site or via social media when you tag philosophy, you may provide a photograph of yourself.
internet or other electronic network activity information
for example, when you visit the philosophy.com site, engage with philosophy content or with us digitally, we may collect certain information from your computer, tablet or mobile phone (“Device”) such as your IP address, Device type (i.e. make and model), unique device identification numbers, browser-type and time zone settings.
we may also collect information about how your Device has interacted with us including: the pages accessed and links clicked; how you navigate to and from the philosophy.com site (such as how you scroll over the site, which parts you click and how long you spend on each page); your preferences, the products and/or services that you have viewed or searched for; and crashes, download errors and response times.
geolocation data
for example, when you visit the philosophy.com site, engage with philosophy content or with us digitally, we may collect your broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) from your Device.
inferences
for example, when you visit the philosophy.com site, inferences may be drawn from any of the personal information indicated above in this table in order to provide you with tailored advertising. this is described in further detail in the section below marked “how does philosophy use my personal information?”.
information that we obtain from third party sources
from time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources, but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. the types of personal information we collect from third parties includes:
social media partners
for example, if you ‘log-in’ to the philosophy.com site using a social medial log in, such as “like” or “share”, that social media site may pass information to us, including: the user ID for that third party site, the name, email address and location associated with the user ID and any other information permitted under the privacy notice for that website.
retailers, distributors and third party brand partners
for example, where permitted by applicable data protection law and if applicable where you have specifically consented, our retailers, distributors and third party brand partners may pass information to us including your first name, last name, email address, postal address, phone number, gender, browsing patterns, geo-location and device identifiers, click through and other cookie data, demographic information including information about your appearance and information in relation to products purchased at their stores (whether on the high-street or online through their own website or a dedicated microsite) and services requested using their websites and/or applications.
technology partners and market and market research organizations
for example, where permitted by applicable data protection law and if applicable where you have specifically consented, our preferred technology partners may share information with us, including your browser patterns, geo-location and device identifiers.
how does philosophy use my personal information?
we will use your personal information for the purposes set out in this Notice, which will include:
to provide you with the products and services that you have requested - to administer our relationship with you and to carry out our obligations arising from the relationship between you and us, including internal accounting and administration purposes, to process payment for purchases or other services and to create and manage your rewards account.
to verify your identity - for example we may use your email address to determine if you already have a rewards account with us.
to provide a personalized rewards service - for example we use your personal information to provide you with personalized recommendations for our products and free samples that we think you might like based on your order history.
for analytics purposes - for example, we may analyze your personal information including your location, products and/or services requested, age, time zone, IP address and URL visited, against our wider customer base for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans, to improve our services and products and the philosophy.com site. we may also aggregate and de-identify your information to create customer segments and share with our licensees and partners.
to provide you with marketing communications that you might be interested in - if you choose to receive marketing communications from us, we may use your personal information to keep you up to date with our latest products, services, surveys, announcements, upcoming events, sweepstakes, contests and other promotions via our newsletters, emails, or other communications. if you no longer wish to receive these marketing communications, details of how to opt out are described in the section below marked “how do I stop receiving marketing communications?".
for tailored advertising - we, or with third party vendors, may use your personal information to provide you with tailored advertising on third party sites, including Social Sites. these advertisements are either: (i) “contextual" (meaning they are presented due to the webpage that you are viewing); or (ii) “behavioral advertising" or “interest based advertising" (i.e. where advertisements are shown to you based upon your interests which we have inferred from your information including demographic, geographic and interest-based data). we may use tailored advertising to specifically include or exclude individuals who have registered for our products to ensure that you are provided with information about those products that are most relevant to you. to do this, we may track your browsing activity across different websites, different Devices and/or different applications. we may match your browsing activity on one Device, such as your mobile phone, with your browsing activity on another device, such as your tablet, to ensure our advertising is tailored to you. if you no longer wish to see tailored advertising, you may be able to amend your cookie preferences through your browser settings. in addition, some third party sites allow you to stop seeing advertisements from specific advertisers on that site, so you should also check your preferences on those websites.
for non-marketing communications - we may use your personal information to communicate with you about important information in relation to your rewards account, the service you have requested or other non-marketing communications. this includes: (i) emailing you to verify your identity when you sign-up; (ii) emailing you where you have requested a password and/or username reset; (iii) notifying you that a particular service has been suspended for maintenance or terminated; (iv) letting you know that we have updated this Notice or our Terms of Use; or (v) letting you know about any products that you have requested or purchased. we will never contact you to ask for your password. please be careful if you receive any communications from people requesting this information.
to provide the best service to our customers - for example, we may use your personal information to process and respond to your questions and/or inquiries.
for site optimization and management - for example we may use your personal information provided to us to:
administer the philosophy.com site;
ensure the security of our networks and of your information;
customize your future visits to the philosophy.com site based on your interests to ensure the most user-friendly online navigation experience;
improve the philosophy.com site and our other digital offerings (including to fix operational problems such as pages crashing and software bugs); and
provide services to our partners such as tools, analyses, data and insights to see how their website or mobile applications are used.
for product development and business development purposes - for example we will use information we collect from you to improve our products and develop new products.
for fraud prevention and detection purposes and to protect and defend the rights and property of philosophy, our employees and business partners.
for employment application purposes - for example, if you contact us in relation to your employment prospects we will use your personal information to consider you for current and future employment opportunities and to contact you with respect to employment opportunities at philosophy that you have expressed an interest in.
does philosophy share my personal information with anyone?
during the past 12 months, we may have disclosed the categories of personal information listed in the section marked “what categories of personal information does philosophy collect about me?” to the following categories of recipients:
within the Coty Group – we may make your personal information available to other entities within the Coty group, including those entities listed on our website, to allow us to provide our services to you, for the purposes described in this Notice, or as notified to you when we collect your personal information.
with our service providers - we engage third party service providers to perform functions on our behalf (for example, to support the delivery of our products, or the philosophy.com site). this includes but is not limited to sharing information with the following types of service providers:
advertising providers - including companies that provide: (i) advertising space for philosophy; (ii) the provision of advertising related services, including agencies instructed to make advertising purchases on our behalf , providers of ad-exchanges (a digital marketplace to buy and sell advertising space) and providers of a demand-side platform (software used to purchase advertising in an automated fashion), such as DoubleClick from Google;
providers of marketing and customer relationship management databases and data management platforms – that enable philosophy to manage your information in a safe and efficient manner;
data analysis firms – that provide insights and help us to analyze trends using the data that we and they hold;
customer support specialists – that provide customer support services on our behalf for philosophy’s products and services;
fulfillment companies – this include companies that coordinate email campaigns, sweepstakes, contests or promotions on our behalf;
application development and web-hosting companies – to enable the philosophy.com site to be hosted on the internet;
information technology and related infrastructure providers;
email delivery providers; and
audit and professional service providers.
as part of a business transfer – philosophy may disclose your personal information to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in relation to any actual or proposed divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding.
to comply with laws - philosophy may disclose your personal information to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person; and
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
under California law we are required to tell you if, within the prior 12 months, we “sold” personal information. the definition of “sale” under California law is defined such that it includes where we share the following categories of personal information with certain third parties in order to deliver targeted advertising on our website or other third party websites:
identifiers – this includes personal information that you provide directly to us as set out in the section “what categories of personal information does philosophy collect about me?”;
internet or other electronic network activity information – this includes information collected via cookies when you visit our website;
geolocation data – this includes information collected via cookies from your Device when you visit our website; and
inferences - for example, when you visit our website, inferences may be drawn from any of the personal information indicated above in order to provide you with tailored advertising. this is described in further detail in the section above marked “how does philosophy use my personal information?”.
if you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal information, please contact our Data Protection Team. details for how to contact our Data Protection Team can be found in the section “How do I contact Coty?".
what are my data protection rights?
depending on where you live and subject to applicable data protection law, you may also have the following rights:
- the right to request access to personal information that we collect, use, disclose and sell, which enables you to receive confirmation as to whether or not we are processing your personal information and access to such personal information. please note, if you are a California resident, under California law, you have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection, use and sale of your personal information over the past 12 months, including specific pieces of information we collected. you have the right to make a request for free two times in any 12- month period.
- the right to change and/or correct inaccurate personal information. if you are a registered user, you can also review, change or correct your personal information at any time by logging in to your account by clicking the log-in link on philosophy.com. you may request that we deactivate your account by contacting us using the contact details provided in the section below “how do I contact philosophy?”.
- the right to block or suppress the processing your personal information.
- the right to object to our processing of your personal information (including any processing for direct marketing purposes). more information on how to stop receiving direct marketing can be found in the section below marked, “how do I stop receiving marketing communications?".
- the right to request that we delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
- if you are a California resident, the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
- the right to request portability of your personal information.
- the right to withdraw your consent, if applicable. withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
- under the California Civil Code Section 1798.83, if you are a resident of California, you may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information regarding our disclosure (if any) of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year.
- if you exercise any of your data protection rights detailed in this section, we will not discriminate against you and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price of provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services.
- if you are located in the European Economic Area, you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority.
you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the information provided in the section below marked “how do I contact philosophy?”. we respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. in order to verify your identity and so that we can locate your personal information in our systems, we require you to provide us with a copy of either your passport or driver’s licence when you make a request. in some circumstances, we may require additional documentation to verify your identity such as a utility bill to confirm proof of address and/or a customer reference number relating to your purchase and/or product you used.
you can exercise these rights yourself or designate an agency (such as a lawyer) to make a request on your behalf by executing a notarized power of attorney to enable that person to act on your behalf.
if you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal information, please do not hesitate to let us know.
what if I access another website through philosophy.com?
philosophy.com may contain links to or from other websites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. this Notice applies only to the personal information we collect on philosophy.com. we encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from philosophy.com or otherwise visit.
what if I access or use a social network or public forum through philosophy.com?
our website may facilitate easy access to certain social networking sites and other websites or services with user-generated content features, such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter (“Social Sites"). you understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate. please review the Social Sites’ privacy policies if you would like more information about how they collect, use and share your personal information, your privacy rights and how to change your privacy settings.
our website may enable you to:
- access Social Sites: this may include: access to websites such as a YouTube video; or activation of third party websites when you make a ‘comment’, ‘share’ or ‘like’ something on the Site using a third party social network plug-in. in each instance, such third party’s privacy policy will apply to your interaction with that website or service;
- submit content to Social Sites: for reviews, discussion forums, message boards, photographs and other public features (“Public Forums"). we do not restrict the distribution of personal information that you voluntarily disclose in these Public Forums, so please be aware that any information you disclose there may be collected and used by us and others. for this reason, we encourage you to refrain from providing or sharing personal information about yourself in the Public Forums. we cannot prevent third parties from using such information in a way that may violate this Notice or applicable law;
- accept certain cookies from the Site (for example “Facebook Pixels”). these types of cookies help us understand your activity including the philosophy content you see, whether or not you have a Social Site account and if you are logged into that account. this information helps us to show you philosophy content you might be interested in on the Social Sites and measure the effectiveness of the philosophy content.
- sign-in to the Site using a Social Site: for example, for a harmonized user experience. signing-in using a Social Site or other third-party account may allow us to access information that you have given the Social Site permission to share. the sign-in feature may also transfer information to the Social Site or third party, such as your username or social media handle, to authenticate you. the Social Site or third party may also automatically collect information such as your IP address, information about your browser and device, and the web page address of the Site. the sign-in feature may also place and read cookies from that third party that may contain a unique identifier the Social Site or other third party assigns to you. the functionality of and your use of the sign-in is governed by the privacy policy and terms of the Social Site.
we may use your personal information to identify you on Social Sites and to show you ads that are more relevant for you. the Social Sites will not share your personal information with other parties and will delete the information promptly after the matching process is complete.
our use of your personal information in relation to the Social Sites will be as set out in this Notice or as otherwise notified to you. again, please note that third party sites (including the Social Sites) may be under the control of a third party and we encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies and terms of use of each third party site.
how do I stop receiving marketing communications?
we will only send you marketing communications if you have agreed to this, or if we are otherwise permitted by law. you may opt-out of receiving future opt-in communications from philosophy.com when you make a purchase on philosophy.com, register or otherwise provide your contact information to our customer service department. you may change your preferences at any time by revising your profile by unchecking the boxes for opt-in communications. you may also click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email opt-in communication you receive from us and follow the instructions provided therein.
please note, whilst we will honor your request to stop receiving marketing communications, we will continue to send you service-related communications such as emails confirming purchases through the philosophy.com site and keep your information for record keeping purposes.
is my personal information secure?
we understand that you care how your personal information is used and/or shared with others, and we value your trust and seek to safeguard your personal information.
we implement various security measures in accordance with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline. if you have any questions about security on philosophy.com, you can contact us at 1-800-568-3151.
does this Notice ever change?
we may update or modify this Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. we will obtain your consent to any material Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. the date of the most recent version of this Notice will appear at the top of the page.
when we update our Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. for example, we will notify you of any changes to this Notice by posting a new Notice and updating the “last modified" date at the top of this page or by sending the new Notice to you via email, where appropriate.
how do I contact philosophy?
we have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to philosophy.com is an excellent one and that your privacy is respected. if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy practices and/or would like to submit a privacy request, please contact us either:
via phone at 1-800-568-3151;
and/or
via the Contact Us form on the philosophy.com site.
GET TEXT ALERTS + ENJOY 20% OFF
>
By checking this checkbox, you agree to receive recurring automated
promotional and personalized marketing text messages (e.g. cart reminders)
from Philosophy at the cell number used when signing up. Consent is not a
condition of any purchase. Reply HELP for help and STOP to cancel. Msg
frequency varies. Msg & data rates may apply.
View
Terms & Privacy.
©2020 philosophy,inc. all rights reserved
terms of use
privacy policy
site map
COUNTRY:
USA
Canada-EN
Canada-FR
United Kingdom
Australia
Singapore
South Korea
Hong Kong-ZH
Hong Kong-EN
Taiwan
Thailand
you have chosen this item to be automatically replenished at the above selected frequency
sign up