https://www.torrid.com/torrid/customer-service/about-torrid/td-customerservice-abouttorrid-privacyresponsibility.html
Skip to content
Online Only 40% Off Regular Price
Free Shipping With $75+ Purchase Domestic Only
Online Only Extra 50% Off Clearance
Free Shipping With $75+ Purchase Domestic Only
Online Only 40% Off Regular Price
Online Only Extra 50% Off Clearance
Stores
Stores
Welcome,
Sign In
Menu
Search
Store
My current Store
Domain II (Change)
Store Hours
Directions
Sign in
Bag
My Account
Search Catalog
Search
Catalog Navigation
back
NEW & NOW
View All NEW & NOW
COLLECTIONS
Betsey Johnson
GET INSPIRED
We Wish You
Most Loved
The Style Edit
YOUR FAVES
Best Sellers
Online Exclusives
Back In Stock
Almost Sold Out
New Arrivals
View All New Arrivals
All New Arrivals
Tops
Graphic T-Shirts
Dresses
Jeans
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Sweaters
Bottoms
Jackets
Active
Bras
Panties
Lingerie
Sleep & Lounge
Shoes
Accessories
Swim
Shorts & Crops
Featured
View All Featured
Most Loved
BCA Collection
Halloween
Cold Weather Shop
Celebrate Love
Swim Collection 2020
Third Pieces
Athleisure
Berry
Essentials
Comfy & Cozy
Workwear
Wedding Shop
Animal Print
Stripes
Blush
Christmas Clothes
Holiday Apparel
Holiday Party
Flowy
Back To Black
Black & White
Khaki
Mardi Gras
Neutrals
Pink
Prints
Purple
Red
4th Of July
Beachwear
Birthday Outfits
Easter Apparel
Homecoming Dresses
Maternity
Mother's Day
Resort Wear
St Patrick's Day
Summer Apparel
Thanksgiving
Urban Apparel
Vintage Apparel
American Beauty
BOHO
Night Out
Tropical
Vacation Vibes
Floral
Festival
Marigold
White
Military
Summer Edge
Vacation Essentials
Super Soft Plush
Super Soft
Almost Sold Out
Valentine's Day
Everyday Chic
Red, White, Blue
Meet The Ponte
Spring It List
A Fresh Start
Black Friday Deals
Christmas Sale
Cyber Monday Deals
Festive
Gift Guide
New Years Sale
Shine
Top 10 For Fall
Gift Guide
View All Gift Guide
Warm Wishes
Party Favorites
Good & Plaid
Merry Kitschmas
Gifts Under $50
Stocking Stuffers
WE WISH YOU
CLOTHING
View All CLOTHING
COLLECTIONS
Betsey Johnson
Most Loved
Super Soft
Wedding Shop
The Blouse Shop
Foxy Collection
Tops
View All Tops
Tee Shop
Graphic T-Shirts
Knit Tops
Shirts & Blouses
Tanks & Camis
Sweaters
Sweatshirts & Hoodies
Kimonos
The Foxy Collection
Tunics
Blouse Shop
Dresses
View All Dresses
Skater
Shirt
Midi
Mini
Maxi
Trapeze
Rompers & Jumpsuits
Holiday
Shop By Occasion
Little Black Dresses
Wedding
White
Wrap
Sweater
Jeans
View All Jeans
Skinny
Straight
Bootcut
Flare
Wide Leg
Crops
Shorts
Skirts
Jackets & Vests
Overalls
Bottoms
View All Bottoms
Leggings
Pants
Skirts
Shorts
Crops
Studio
Jackets
View All Jackets
Cold Weather Shop
Jean Jackets & Vests
Studio
Blazers
Anorak
Kimonos & Wraps
Moto
Bomber
Wedding Shop
View All Wedding Shop
Wedding Dresses
Bridal Party
Wedding Guest
Boleros & Shrugs
Jewelry & Accessories
Intimates
Shoes
For the Bride
View All Wedding
JEANS
View All JEANS
LEG OPENING
Skinny
Straight
Bootcut
Flare
Wide Leg
FIT
Bombshell Skinny
Jegging
Sky High Skinny
Mid-Rise Skinny
Luxe Skinny
Bombshell Straight
Boyfriend Straight
Mid-Rise Flare
Bombshell Flare
Slim Boot
SHOP BY
New Arrivals
Jackets & Vests
Jean Shorts
View All Jean Shorts
TORRID CURVE INTIMATES
View All TORRID CURVE INTIMATES
FEATURED
Bra & Panty Sets
Everyday Wire-Free Bras
F, G & H Cup Size Bras
Collections
360 Smoothing Collection
Bras
View All Bras
Wire-Free
Plunge
T-Shirt
Strapless
Balconette
Full Coverage
Racerback
Sports Bras
Demi
Bra & Panty Sets
360 Back Smoothing
F G & H Cups
Lightly Lined
Push Up
NEW! Push Up T-Shirt
Panties
View All Panties
Cheeky
Hipster
Boyshort
Thong
Brief
High Waist
Bra & Panty Sets
360 Smoothing
Fangirl
Lingerie
View All Lingerie
Sexy Lingerie Sets
Babydolls & Chemises
Bustiers & Corsets
Bralettes & Bandeaus
Bodysuits
Robes
Shapewear
View All Shapewear
Panties
Shorts
Bodysuits & Slips
Tanks
Sleep & Lounge
View All Sleep & Lounge
Tops
Bottoms
Nighties
Robes
Onesies
Sleep Sets
Lounge Sets
Slippers
Lacey Panty Collection
View All Lacey Panty Collection
SHOES & ACCESSORIES
View All SHOES & ACCESSORIES
Trends
View All Trends
Cozy Florals
Glacier Grey
Valentine's Day
Accessories
View All Accessories
Reusable Masks
Gloves Scarves & Wraps
Hosiery & Socks
Hats
Belts
Hair Accessories
Sunglasses & Eyewear
Handbags
Shoes
View All Shoes
Boots & Booties
Sneakers
Flats
Wedges
Heels
Slippers
Sandals
Jewelry
View All Jewelry
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Bracelets
Watches
ACTIVE & SWIM
View All ACTIVE & SWIM
FEATURED
Active Sets
Active
View All Active
Active Tops
Active Bottoms
Jackets & Hoodies
Sports Bras
Active Sets
Swim
View All Swim
Swim Tops
Swim Bottoms
One Pieces
Cover Ups
Swim Sets
Active Swim
FANGIRL
View All FANGIRL
COLLECTIONS
Outlander
Harry Potter
AC/DC
DISNEY COLLECTIONS
Mickey Mouse
Disney Holiday
The Aristocats
Shop By License
View All Shop By License
Outlander
Harry Potter
ACDC
Disney
Marvel Comics
Major League Baseball
NBA
NFL
Star Wars
Wonder Woman
Barbie
DC Comics
Fantastic Beasts
Batman
Studio Ghibli
Tie Dye
Disney Wonderful vs. Wicked
Doctor Who
Marvel Avengers
Back to the Future
Beetlejuice
Looney Tunes
Universal Monsters
Shop By Style
View All Shop By Style
Tops
Dresses
Bottoms
Jackets
Intimates
Sleep
Accessories
Active
Shoes
Swim
SALE + CLEARANCE
View All SALE
CLEARANCE
Further Reduced
SHOP BY CLOTHING SIZE
10-12
14-16
18-20
22-24
26-30
SHOP BY SHOE SIZE
6-7
7.5-8.5
9-10
10.5-11.5
12-13
SHOP BY CATEGORY
Dresses
Boots & Booties
Shoes
Tops
Jeans
Bottoms
Skirts
Jackets
Bras
Panties
Lingerie
Sleep & Lounge
Accessories
Active
Swim
Fangirl
Clearance
View All Clearance
Shop By Category
Further Reduced
Select Style Deals
View All Select Style Deals
HOW WE FIT
Diversity & Inclusion
Betsey Johnson
Buy Online Pick-up In Store
A Note from our CEO
Klarna
MIX & MATCH
No Search Results
Sweepstakes
Torrid Stories
Oops An Error Occurred
Thank you for your entry!
Sign in
My current Store
Domain II (Change)
Store hours
Directions
Bag
Get Everything You Wished For Delivered By 12/24! Order with Standard Shipping by 12/19 at 9PM PST Holiday Cutoff Dates
Get Everything You Wished For Delivered By 12/24!Order with Standard Shipping by 12/19 at 9PM PSTHoliday Cutoff Dates
HOW CAN WE HELP
United States: 1.866.867.7431 International: 1.626.603.3190
Mon - Fri: 6am - 7pm PT   |   Sat: 7am - 7pm PT   |   Sun: 7am - 6pm PT
Email Us
home
>
customer service
>
privacy & responsibility
Secondary Navigation
Torrid Rewards
About Torrid Rewards
Torrid Rewards Benefits
How To Earn Points
Torrid Cash
Torrid Credit Card
Apply For A Torrid Credit Card
FAQs
Torrid Rewards Legal
How Can We Help?
Email Us
Find A Store
Returns
Shipping Information
Size & Fit Guide
Track Your Order
FAQs
COVID19 FAQs
Klarna FAQs
Zoom Consultation FAQs
Order FAQs
Torrid Cash FAQs
Shipping FAQs
Returns FAQs
Gift & E-Gift Cards FAQs
Payments FAQs
International FAQs
Merchandise FAQs
Website FAQs
Torrid Rewards FAQs
Jobs
Jobs Information
About Torrid
Website Terms Of Use
Privacy & Responsibility
Mobile Terms & Conditions
Your California Privacy Rights
Bulk Purchaser Policy
Social Responsibility
Torrid Social Responsibility
Vendor Code Of Conduct
Vendor Code Of Conduct - Chinese
Vendor Code Of Conduct - Vietnamese
Vendor Code Of Conduct - Spanish
Vendor Code Of Conduct - Tagalog
Vendor Code Of Conduct - Khmer
Torrid APP
About Torrid APP
Torrid Privacy Policy
Effective Date: January 23, 2003; Last Updated: December 18, 2019
How Torrid’s Privacy Policy Applies to You
The purpose of this policy is to inform you how Torrid collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is reasonably capable of being associated with you. We collect information from you when you choose to share it with us, such as when you visit our website ("Site"), use the Torrid mobile application ("App"), or one of our retail stores (collectively referred to as our "Services.")
What Personal Information We Collect
Personal identifiers. We collect your name, date of birth, phone number, email address, postal address, IP address, device identifiers, and cookie data.
Financial and commercial information. When you make a purchase, we collect your payment card number, billing address, and related financial information. We also collect transaction information such as your purchasing history at Torrid.
Account information. If you choose to create an account or register for Torrid Rewards, we also collect your account age, account number, username and password, and similar data.
Audio, electronic, and visual information. We collect photos and other information you post on our Site and App. This includes information you provide from your social networking sites, such as social media account ID, profile photo and other data made available when you choose to link your social media accounts or loyalty accounts.
Internet network activity. We use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about how you use our Site and App, how long you spend on our Site and App, what areas of the Site and App you visit, and what website you visit when you leave our Site. We also collect information about the type of browser you are using, your operating system, ISP information, IP addresses, and similar online identifiers.
Geolocation information. We collect your IP address, which links to the region you live in, when you visit our Site and App.
How We Collect Information
We collect information directly from you. We collect information from you directly when you place an order, create an account, become a Torrid Rewards member, maintain a "wish list" or enter contest. We collect information if you sign up to receive our newsletter, if you contact us through our Site or App, or if you choose to connect your social media account to your Torrid account. We also collect information about third parties from you when you participate in our "tell a friend" feature.
We collect information about you through online tracking. Torrid and third party service providers use tracking technology like browser cookies, web beacons and pixels on our Site, App, and in emails we send to you. Web beacons and pixels help us understand how you interact with our Site. Cookies (small text files stored directly on your computer) help us to personalize your visit as well as improve our Site and App. If you choose to block cookies, certain features on our Site or App may not work. Please visit our Cookie Policy for more information about the cookies on our Site and App.
We collect information about you from third parties. We collect information from third parties so we can provide better, more personalized content and services for you. We collect from our service and marketing partners, with whom we might co-brand, promote, or engage in joint marketing activities.
We collect information from your social media accounts if you give us permission. When creating an account on our Site or App, you may choose to link your social media accounts. Depending on the terms of the social media site, you may allow us to access to collect your personal information such as: your name, email address, profile picture, profile URL, gender, networks, user ID, list of friends, information related to friends and followers, birthday, likes, education history, work history, current city, hometown, interests, relationship status, and location, posted messages and content, or other data made publicly available. By linking your social media account, we are not obligated to request further permission to collect information accessible through that account.
This privacy policy does not cover the privacy and security practices for the sites where you have social media accounts. Rather, you should look to the social media sites’ respective terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information.
If you no longer want your social media accounts linked to our Site or App, log into your Torrid account and click on "edit" below the social media site icons to edit your connection to the particular site.
We are also available to directly assist you in unlinking your social media accounts. Please email us your request at privacy@torrid.com.
How We Use Your Information
To process transactions at your request. We use your information to perform the transactions you request of us, such as to register an account, process orders and credit card transactions, or cash in your rewards.
For customer support. We use your information to respond to your requests for help, comments, or concerns about how our Services. We also use the information you provide us to notify you if we materially update our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use.
For marketing purposes. We use your information to conduct market research, manage our promotions, or tell you about our products, services, or special offers on our own products or third-party products we think you might find interesting.
To improve our products and services. We combine information that we have collected offline, online, third party sites, and from devices to help us understand and improve our Services. Generally, this information is aggregated or anonymized. We use this information to improve user experience, our Services, and the functionality of our Site and App.
For security purposes and to protect against fraud. We use your information to protect the security of our Site and App, our company and our customers from malicious, criminal, and fraudulent activity. In this context, your information may be accessed to prevent, discover and investigate violations of this Policy or our Terms.
To comply with the law. We use your information for legal or regulatory compliance purposes and as otherwise permitted by law.
For other activities. We may process your information for purposes other than those described above. If that is the case, we will provide specific notice at or near the time of collection and, if necessary, obtain your consent.
When We Share Information
Third party service providers. We may need to share your personal information with third parties who help us deliver products or services to you and support our day-to-day business operations, such as processing payments, delivering the products you purchased, and maintaining transaction records.
Marketing partners. We rely on other third parties to help us audit the quality and effectiveness of advertisements, to serve advertisements or marketing material, provide analytic services, and similar services. We may share some of your information with these marketing partners so that they can perform these functions.
Torrid credit card provider. If you apply for or obtain a Torrid Credit Card, we partner with Comenity LLC, to process the application, bill you, and otherwise maintain your account. You should look to their privacy policy and other terms to understand how Comenity LLC collects, processes, stores, or discloses your information.
Contest or promotional sponsors. If you participate in a contest, promotion, sweepstakes, or similar events, we may share your information with any companies or sponsors who are running the event. For example, this might include sharing winners lists.
Successors to all or part of our business. We may transfer some or all of our assets, including your personal information, in the event or a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or similar transaction, or in the event of insolvency or bankruptcy.
Legal obligations and compliance. We will share information to comply with applicable law, regulations, legal process, or lawful order. We will share information with investigators and auditors to understand and address potential fraud or security issues. We will also share information to protect against harm to the rights, property, or safety of Torrid, its personnel, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.
Other disclosures. We may disclose your information for purposes other than those described above. If that is the case, we will provide specific notice at or near the time of collection and, if necessary, obtain your consent.
How We Retain Your Information
We retain your personal information for as long as we accomplished the purposes for which it was collected, to accomplish our legitimate interest, or for internal uses that are reasonably aligned with the contexts in which you provided the information. We may need to retain information longer unless to comply with our legal obligations.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California, you have specific rights over your personal information.
The right to request more information. You have the right to know the categories of personal information we collected about you; the categories of sources from which we collected that information; our business or commercial purpose for collecting that information; the categories of third parties with whom we shared that information; and the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you in the past 12 months.
The right to request access. You also may have the right to receive a copy of the personal information collected about you in the past 12 months.
You have the right to request deletion. Under certain conditions, you may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you.
You may opt-out of information sharing for direct marketing. Sometimes, we share your information with our marketing partners so that they may serve you advertisements about their products. If you do not want to share your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, you can request to opt-out.
How to exercise your rights: To submit a request to exercise these rights you may contact us at:
Email: privacy@torrid.com
Phone: 1 (833) 865-8502
Submit a Request
For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to "Your California Privacy Rights" and provide your name, street address, city, state, zip code and an e-mail address or phone number where you may be reached. We will acknowledge your request within ten days. If you do not receive an acknowledgement, please contact us again to make sure your request was submitted properly.
You can always opt-out or unsubscribe from marketing emails by emailing us at: internetadministrator@torrid.com.
Verification. Before we can respond to your request, we first must verify your identity using your personal information. If we are not able to verify your request, we will contact you for more information. If we are unable to verify your identify after a good faith attempt, we may deny the request and, if so, will explain the basis for the denial.
You may designate an authorized agent. You may designate someone to submit requests and act on your behalf (an "Authorized Agent"). To do so, you must provide us with written permission to allow your Authorized Agent to act on your behalf.
We will not discriminate against you. We will not unlawfully discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights.
Third-party selling. We do not and will not sell you personal information to third parties without providing you an opportunity to opt out of the sale.
Do not track. As described in our Cookie Policy, we may collect information about your usage and activity through cookies to help us provide you with relevant advertisements, offers and promotions. Some web browsers or smartphones have the ability to set "Do Not Track" requests to block user activity from being tracked across web pages or devices. Our Site and App do not recognize "Do Not Track" browser signals.
European Union Privacy Rights
If you are located in the European Union, you have specific rights over your personal information.
You have the right to request access. You have the right to request copies of your personal information. We may charge you a small fee for this service.
You have the right to request to rectify your data. You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request we complete information you believe is incomplete. You may always correct and update your information by logging onto your account and editing your information.
You have the right to request erasure of your data. Under certain conditions, you have the right to request that we delete your personal information.
You have the right to restrict processing. Under certain conditions, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
You have the right to data portability. Under certain conditions, you have the right to request we transfer personal information we have collected about you either to another organization, or directly to you.
How to exercise your rights. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you.
To submit a request to exercise these rights please contact us:
Email: privacy@torrid.com
Mail: 18501 East San Jose Avenue, City of Industry, CA, 91748
For all requests, please clearly state that the request is related to "Your EU Privacy Rights" and provide your name, street address, city, state, zip code and an e-mail address or phone number where you may be reached.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. We may require you to verify your identity before we may respond to you.
Although we urge you to contact us to find a solution for every concern you may have, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with your competent data protection authority.
Transfers to Countries Outside the European Union. We are based in California, so EU customers must transfer personal information to the United States for processing. The Commission has not found the laws of the United States provide an adequate level of protection over personal information. We will only transfer your information to the United States based on your explicit consent.
You Can Contact Us About This Policy and Your Information.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our data practices, you may contact us at:
Email: privacy@torrid.com
Mail: 18501 East San Jose Avenue, City of Industry, CA, 91748
Phone: 866-867-7431
Our Site and App Is Not Intended for Children.
Our Site and App is intended for users who are 13 years or older. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has given us information, you can contact us at privacy@torrid.com or call us at 866-867-7431. If we learn that we have collected information of a child under 13 years old, we will use reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
Parents can learn more about how to protect children's privacy on-line here.
Other Sites and Third-Party Services We Do Not Control.
Links to other sites or services. We may link to third-party sites on our Site and App that collect information. If you click on the link, you will share information with or be taken to a website where we cannot control what happens to your personal information. We are not responsible for the practices of those third parties, nor does our privacy policy apply to the practices of those sites. Rather, you should look to those parties’ privacy policies or other terms to understand how they will treat your information.
Third-party cookies. Our site may also serve third-party content, which contain pixels and other third-party tracking technologies to understand how you interact with that content. We do not control the use of those technologies or the information they collect. Rather, you should look to those parties’ privacy policies or other terms to understand how they will treat your information.
Social media sites. We may also offer the ability to interact with plugins from social media sites, like Facebook or Instagram. You may also choose to link your Torrid account or activity with your social media account. We do not control those social media sites. Rather, your use of these features is governed by each social media site’s privacy policy and terms, so please read these policies carefully to understand how those sites treat your information.
We May Update This Policy.
From time to time, we may modify our privacy practices. We will take reasonable steps to notify you of any material changes to our collection, use, and disclosure practices, and will also post an updated copy of our Privacy Policy to our Site and App. If necessary, we will obtain your consent or offer you an opportunity to opt-out at that time. If you continue to use of the Site and App we will take that to mean that you accept these changes.
E-mail Address
Please enter a valid email address.
Thank you
You will now be the first to hear about Torrid sales and news. Please add noreply@s3.torrid.com to your E-mail address book or approved senders to ensure delivery of all Torrid.com emails.