https://www.oceanhockey.com/privacy-policy/
Filter
Select
Ocean Hockey Privacy Policy
Modern information and communication technologies play a fundamental role in the activities of an organization like Ocean Hockey Supply. We are based in US.
Our principal activity is: payment
Our privacy policy covers Ocean Hockey Supply and its Web site: Organization Name: Ocean Hockey Supply
Address: 197 Chambers Bridge Rd
City, Zip: Brick , 08723
State: NJ
Country: US
Controller: Ocean Hockey Supply
Web Sites(s): www.oceanhockey.com
Our privacy policy also covers our subsidiary and its Web site: Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. The services and links of our Web site. Our Web site does not enable our visitors to communicate with other visitors or to post information to be accessed by others. Our Web site does not include links to third party Web service providers.
Automatic Collection of Information We do not use cookies on our Web site. We do not automatically log personal data nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with personal data about specific individuals.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification We collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations. To access the table of personal data collected and purposes for which they are used, please click here. We may collect and use personal data for the additional purpose of: We collect and use personal data for the additional purpose of sending out catalogs.
If we wish to use your personal data for new purposes, we offer you the means to consent to those new purposes: by sending an email ( info@oceanhockey.com )
by sending postal mail to this address ( 197 Chambers Bridge Rd Brick,NJ 08723 )
by calling this telephone number ( 732-477-4411 )
Children’s Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. We do not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal data to us. We do not provide information about our personal data practices in relation to children on our home page, or at those sites on our Web site where we collect personal data.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice We do not disclose your personal data to our subsidiaries or other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security
We give you the option of using a secure transmission method to send us the following types of personal data:
identifiers (such as credit card details, Web site password)
We have not implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ personal data.
We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Access to the personal data we may hold about you You can ask us, by: sending an email ( info@oceanhockey.com )
sending postal mail to this address ( 197 Chambers Bridge Rd Brick, NJ 08723 )
calling this telephone number ( 732-477-4411 )
whether we are keeping personal data about you.
Upon request, which you can indicate by: sending an email ( info@oceanhockey.com )
sending postal mail to this address ( 197 Chambers Bridge Rd Brick, NJ 08723 )
calling this telephone number ( 732-477-4411 )
We will provide you with a readable copy of the personal data which we keep about you, within a week.
Other: OVERSIZED ITEM SHIPPING CHARGES Additional shipping charges will be applied to oversized items, including foward and goal sticks, shafts, wheel bags, pucks in excess of 10 per order, tape in excess of 10 rolls, and goal pads.
These items are excluded from our Free Shipping Offer: Sticks include senior / intermediate/junior composite and wood, goalie, and shafts, goal pads and some oversized wheeled bags.
1-3 Sticks, additional $10 fee 4-6 Sticks, additional $20 fee 7-12 Sticks, additional $30 fee
Oversized item charges will be added to your order separately upon shipping. Our standard $4.99 handling fee also applies to these items.
Please note that rush pertains to Business Days – no Saturday or Sunday delivery. No P.O. Box acceptable.
All sale items are final.