http://www.stonehousegolf.com/privacy-policy/
For custom orders call :
1-800-949-7274
Sign in to storefronts
English
Sign in
Privacy Policy
Stonehouse Golf Collection - Framed Golf Prints
Play the course. Cherish the memory.
Shop our renowned collection of commemorative prints.
Quick Search
Categories
By State
Alabama (6)Arizona (34)California (92)Colorado (31)Delaware (1)Florida (116)Georgia (15)Idaho (2)Illinois (47)Indiana (10)Iowa (17)Kansas (55)Kentucky (5)Maryland (48)Massachusetts (3)Michigan (17)Minnesota (31)Mississippi (5)Missouri (75)Nebraska (132)Nevada (2)New Jersey (24)New York (42)North Carolina (48)Ohio (59)Oklahoma (39)Oregon (10)Pennsylvania (108)Puerto Rico (1)Rhode Island (1)South Carolina (31)South Dakota (10)Tennessee (1)Texas (88)Utah (1)Virginia (17)Washington (2)West Virginia (25)Wisconsin (14)Wyoming (2)
By Country
Argentina (1)
Aruba (1)
Barbados (4)
Bermuda (3)
Canada (2)
Cyprus (2)
Egypt (1)
England (68)
France (13)
Gran Canaria (1)
Greece (1)
Ireland (50)
Jersey (1)
Mexico (2)
Morocco (1)
Northern Ireland (10)
Norway (1)
Portugal (3)
Russia (1)
Scotland (92)
South Africa (4)
Spain (5)
St. Kitts and Nevis (1)
Turkey (8)
United Arab Emirates (11)
Wales (8)
Two Frames and A Free Caddie Deal
Redeem discount now!
Buy two frames, Club size or larger, and get a Free Desk Caddie! Make sure to choose out your Desk Caddie before check out to get this deal
Take an additional 10% off by joining our Collector’s Club!
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance their experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (e.g., advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Form Submission and Client Analysis Disclosure
Each time you submit any form on this website, including but not limited to the Rate, Review, General Contact, Upload and Request A Quote forms, we bind a detailed analysis of your Browser, OS, Location and Network information to that form submission so that we may prevent malicious activity and assist clients and users in debugging online and network problems. We may also use this information in aggregate in order to more effectively market to our key business verticals.
None of this information is shared, resold or repurposed for any intent outside of the intent stated above.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address, contact form or phone number provided on our website:
You may also:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
And/or:
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
And/or:
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g. billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Notification of Changes
Whenever material changes are made to the privacy policy that may directly effect existing clients and customers or our business partners we will endeavor to notify these parties–provided we have their contact information on file. Additionally, it is up to you to revisit this privacy policy from time to time in order to familiarize your self with any material changes made to this document.
Back to top
ORDER BY PHONE
TOLL FREE 1-800-949-7274
Get to know us
About Stonehouse Golf
Stonehouse Publishing
4700 F Street,
Omaha,
NE,
68117,
U.S.
Email: sales@stonehousegolf.com
Order Toll Free: 1-800-949-7274
Hours: Mon / Fri 8 AM - 5 PM CST
Personalized Storefronts
Sell personalized Stonehouse prints from your resort's website. No overhead! No buy-in! Earn commission on each sale.
Click here to register your storefront today.
Support
Contact us
About
FAQ
Shipping
Framing Specifications
Terms & conditions
Shop
Browse Collection
Specialty Products