http://www.knitting-warehouse.com/pages/california-privacy-policy
Search
Home
New Knitting and Crochet Arrivals
Sale Knit and Crochet Tools
Yarn on Sale
Crochet Thread
Aunt Lydia's Crochet Thread
Bernat Crochet Thread
Coats & Clark Crochet Thread
DMC Crochet Thread
Handy Hands Crochet Thread
Iris Crochet Thread
Tatting Thread
Other Crochet Thread
Yarn
Filter Search All Yarn
Bergere De France
Bernat Yarn
Caron Yarn
Deborah Norville Collection
DMC Yarn
Elegant Yarns
Fair Isle Yarn
Hoooked Yarn
Lily Sugar'n Cream
Lion Brand Yarn
Mary Maxim
Patons Yarn
Premier Yarns
Red Heart Yarn
Sugar Bush Yarns
Yarn By Color
Yarn By Softness - The Knitting-Warehouse Softness Meter
Yarn By Weight
Christmas Yarn
Baby Yarn
Crochet
Yarns for Knitting & Crochet
Crochet Thread
Crochet Hooks
Crochet Kits
Crochet Books
Tunisian Crochet
Organizers Crochet Hook
Crochet Patterns
Knitting
Yarns for Knitting & Crochet
Knitting Needles
Knit Counters
Point Protectors
Stitch Holders
Stitch Markers
Knitting Looms
Knitting Tools and Notions Other
Knitting Machines
Knitting Needle Organizers
Knitting Notions Storage
Knitting Totes
Yarn Holders & Storage
Yarn Winders & Swifts
Knitting Kits
Knitting Books
Knook Knitting
Gifts For Knitters
New Books
Knitting Patterns
Knitting Needles
Single Point Knitting Needles
Double Pointed Knitting Needles
Circular Knitting Needles
Interchangeable Knitting Needles
Knitting Needle Sets
Other Knitting Needles
Tools
Free Patterns
Crochet Patterns
Knitting Patterns
Bernat Yarn Free Patterns
Beverly's Free Patterns
Caron Yarn Free Patterns
Lion Brand Free Patterns
N.Y. Yarns Free Patterns
Patons Yarn Free Patterns
Premier Yarns Free Patterns
Red Heart Yarn Free Patterns
Search All Free Patterns
Sign in
Create an Account
My Wishlist
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
California Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY ---- This California Privacy Policy is intended to inform California residents of CM Digital Enterprises LLC / Knitting-Warehouse.com policies and practices regarding our use and disclosure of the information that you submit to us, and the information that we collect from you through our website and mobile application. Here at Knitting-Warehouse, we are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal information. Personal information is information that could reasonably allow you to be identified. That’s why we’ve developed this "privacy policy" . This privacy policy is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding our use and disclosure of the information that you submit to us, and the information that we collect from you through our website.Whenever we use the words "we", us", "our", we are referring to Knitting-Warehouse, and to our parent company CM Digital Enterprises LLC. Whenever we use the words "our website," we are referring to www.knitting-warehouse.com.CM Digital Enterprises LLC offers this website, Knitting-Warehouse, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here. Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy Terms of Service (TOS)SECTION 1 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent?By visiting our website and/or purchasing something from us, contacting us by email, forms or other means, or we contact you about our services, you engage in "our service” and agree to be bound by the following "privacy policy", "cookie policy, and "Terms of Service (TOS)" referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. The "privacy policy", "cookie policy" and "Terms of Service (TOS)" apply to all users of the website, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, third-parties, customers, merchants, and/or contributors of content.How do I withdraw my consent?If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. You may also opt out from receiving marketing email from us by sending your request to us by email at customerservice@knitting-warehouse.com.
If you have signed up for an account, you can see the information we store in your account. You can delete this information at any time by logging into your account and deleting your personal information. Note: Consumers are permitted to exercise specific rights related to their personal information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. Transaction history cannot be removed due to the need to service the transaction and for record keeping. Please see "SECTION 5 - SECURITY" for more information.SECTION 2 - WHAT TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?We collect information directly from you when you choose to register with our site, purchase products from our site, sign up for our newsletter, call customer service, submit questions through other messaging features, submit surveys, contact us through social media, or otherwise provide information directly to us.Types of information we collect directly from you may include:Name / Usernames (social media)Usernames and passwords for your "personal store account with us"Email address Shipping addressPhone number or mobile number.Demographic information.Payment information (credit card).Billing AddressCompany Address (when provided)Future communication preferences.Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires.Other information that you provide during your interaction with us. For example, items on your wishlist or things you share in your communications with us would be included in other information you provide.We also use cookies and similar technologies to collect information when you visit our website, use our service or view our online advertisements. For more information about cookies please see our Cookie Policy.SECTION 3 - HOW AND WHY WE USE PERSONAL DATA?Make our services available to you- Manage the accounts you hold with us.- Process your orders and refunds.We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer accounts, process and fulfill your orders and any refunds you may ask for. We use this information to support and process orders, risk and fraud screening, authentication, and payments. We store and use this information to pre-fill your checkout information. We use certain personal information (for example, IP addresses or payment information) to automatically block certain potentially fraudulent transactions .Manage and improve our day-to-day operations-Manage and improve our WebsitesWe use cookies and similar technologies on our Websites to improve your customer experience. For more information on cookies please see our Cookie Policy.-Help to develop and improve our product range, services, stores, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you.We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product range and services. This allows us to serve you better as a customer.Detect and prevent fraud or other crime-It is important for us to monitor how our services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our services. We may use and associate historical data with a computer or device as part of our efforts to prevent fraud, credit card fraud, or other illegal activity. Personalize your website experience-Use your online browsing behavior as well as your in-store and online purchases to help us better understand you as a customer and provide you with personalized offers and services. Looking at your browsing behavior and purchases allows us to personalize our offers and services for you. This helps us meet your needs as a customer.Advertise and determine the effectiveness of our advertising-Currently, we participate in the third-party advertising programs such as "Google Adwords" and "Google Shopping". These advertising programs may use "online behavioral advertising", which serves you ads based on your internet browsing behavior. The information that they collect includes the name (URL) of the web pages you view while on our website, your IP address, time of visit, information about your browser software, information about your device, and randomly-assigned identifiers stored in cookies or similar technologies, which they use to target and serve advertising to you on that same device or possibly your additional devices. They may also place relevant online advertising for our products and services, on online media channels, such as social networks, on our behalf. To take control of Google's Personalized Ads please visit Google's Privacy Take Control page with instructions to turn off Ads based on your preferences. We do not control these companies' use of cookies or similar technologies. -Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. When a user turns on DNT, the browser may send a signal or other message to web services requesting that they “do not track” the user. At this time, our web site does not alter its behavior or change its services when it receives a “do-not-track” flag or signal from your browser. For information about do not track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org. You can opt out of online behavioral advertising by going to www.aboutads.info/choices.Product Reviews-We use "Loox - Photo Reviews" to manage our product review system. We will collect personal information from you such as your name, email address, location information, review text and any photos you share as part of your review. If you provide feedback on any of our products and services, we may use your feedback for any purpose.Social Network Links or Widgets-Our website may include social network or other third–party plug–ins, links and/or widgets that may provide information to their associated social networks or third-parties about your interactions with our web pages that you visit, even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in, link and/or widget. Information is transmitted from your browser and may include an identifier assigned by the social network or third party, information about your browser type, operating system, device type, IP address, and the URL of the web page where the plug-in, link and/or widget appears. If you use social network tools or visit social networking sites, you should read their privacy policies, to learn what information they collect, use, and share.Contact and interact with you-We use your personal information to contact you about our services, for example by phone, email or post or by responding to social media posts that you have directed to us.We want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications.-We user personal data to invite you to take part in customer surveys, questionnaires and other market research activities carried out by CM Digital Enterprises LLC  / Knitting-Warehouse and by other organizations on our behalf. We carry out market research to improve our services. SECTION 4 - SHARING PERSONAL DATA-Sharing Personal Data with Retail Partners and Service ProvidersOur disclosure of your personal informationExcept as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to third-parties your personally identifiable information, except as described below. We work with carefully selected third parties service providers that carry out certain functions on our behalf. For example, these include hosting our website, technology services, processing payments, customer service, fulfilling orders and delivering orders. In so doing, we may need to share your personal information with them. When you purchase a product or a service from our website, we will share personal information with a third party fulfillment company, in order to deliver the product or service to you. We only share personal data that enable our service providers to provide their services. You expressly consent to the sharing of your personal information with our third party service providers.However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. Please refer to the privacy policy of these other payment transaction processors. Sharing personal data with other organizationsWe may share personal data with other organizations in the following circumstances:-To prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service (TOS) or any other agreement related to the services, or as otherwise required by law.-To help us conduct marketing and/or advertising campaigns. Also, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.-To conform to legal requirements, or to respond to lawful court orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other requests by public authorities (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).-We may use and disclose personal information in connection with a contemplated reorganization or an actual reorganization of our business, in connection with financing, a sale or other transaction involving the disposal of all or part of our business or assets, including for the purpose of permitting the due diligence required to decide whether to proceed with a transaction. If the sale occurs, the purchaser will be entitled to use and disclose the personal information collected by us, and the purchaser will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy policy.SECTION 5 - SECURITYShopify:Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. Shopify allows the full deletion of customers with no transaction history. Please note once a customer has transaction history, Shopify will maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. Please see their privacy policy, https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.Payment:If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms), or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).SECTION 6 - RIGHTS AND CHOICES YOU HAVE WHEN IT COMES TO YOUR PERSONAL DATAPlease verify your identity by entering your email address for the following requests when prompted.-You have a Right To Know what information we collect. Please click here to request a report of your personal information sent to your email address.You have a Right to ask us to delete your personal information. In certain circumstances, the law may not require or permit us to delete certain personal information.Please click here to request a deletion of your personal information.-You have a Right to Opt Out (Do Not Sell My Personal Information). Knitting-Warehouse does not sell any personal information. We are required by California law to add a link for you to opt out of selling your personal information, even though we already practice the policy to never sell your personal information. To comply with California Law here is the link we are required to provide. Please click here to opt out of selling your personal information.-If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mails from us there is an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email. Please click this link and follow the instructions to "unsubscribe". If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as "creating an account" or "wish list" will not be added to the newsletter list automatically. You must sign up for the newsletter to receive newsletter e-mails.Here is some information on your privacy and opting-out of receiving behavioral ads:-Digital Advertising Alliance website http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. -Network Advertising Initiative https://www.networkadvertising.org/. For Mobile Devices-http://www.aboutads.info/appchoicesWe do not represent or warrant that the actions taken on other web sites will be effective or that all advertisements will be blocked.You can also block cookies in your browser software. Please see the Cookie Policy for more information.You can view, correct or update the personal contact information you provide us by navigating to “My Account” and logging in with your username and password. This information is stored on Shopify servers and Shopify allows the full deletion of customers with no transaction history. Please note: once a customer has transaction history, Shopify will maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping. SECTION 7 - LINKSWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. We do not endorse the other website or location, its contents, or any goods or services available through that website. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for these other websites, their content, or any goods or services available through the websites. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this privacy policy, cookie policy or our websites Terms of Service (TOS).Google analytics:Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.Pinterest:Our store uses a Pinterest Tag to track our customers' behavior when using Pinterest for the Pinterest Buyable Pins program.SECTION 10 - COOKIESLike many websites, we or our third-party advertisers use "cookies" and other similar based technologies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the Cookie Policy for information about cookies and how we use them.SECTION 11 - AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age. If you are not 18 years of age please exit our website. SECTION 12 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If you object to any changes, you must stop doing business with us, including business on our web site. Your continued use of our web site, will indicate your acknowledgment of the changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the privacy policy, as revised.Effective Date: October 2018.Updated: January 2020. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Customer Service Department at:Email: customerservice@Knitting-Warehouse.com