http://www.austinresearch.com/privacy.html
Privacy Statement
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Austin Research Institute, Inc. (corporate web site: austinresearch.com) and our product and sales web sites.
Austin Research Institute, Inc. is the sole owner of electronic mail information collected on our network of web sites. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Austin Research Institute, Inc. may collect information from our users at several different points on our website.
Registration
In order to use some of our services, a user must first complete a registration form. During registration, a user is required to give their contact information (i.e. name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest. It is optional for the user to provide demographic information and unique identifiers, but users are encouraged to so in order for us to provide a more personalized experience on our web sites.
Ordering
We request information from the user on our product order forms. Here a user must provide correct contact information (i.e. name and billing/shipping address) and financial information (i.e. credit card number, expiration date and security code). This information is used for billing purposes only and to fulfill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information may also be used to contact the user to assist with the ordering process.
Comments and Testimonials
We do not solicit testimonials but we do welcome unsolicited comments and testimonials. We reserve the right to publish any comments or testimonials which we receive for marketing purposes.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a visitors' computer hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes his browser, the cookie may terminate. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once during that session, thereby saving time while re-visiting our site. Users have the option of rejecting cookies through changes they make in their browser. Users who reject a cookie from our web site may still have use of our web site. Cookies can also enable us to track sales leads as well as target the interests of our users to enhance the shopping experience. Our business partners may use cookies on our site; however, we have no access or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing and Storage
We reserve the right to share aggregated demographic information with our business partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We also reserve the right to share names or other contact information with business partners who provide supporting services to our clients. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. We maintain records containing order details solely for the purpose of providing post-sales support to our customers and such records are held for one year.
Billing
We use credit card processing services and an integrated online shopping cart service to assist in credit/debit/Paypal billing transactions on our web sites. These companies generally do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links
Our web sites may contain links to other web sites which are not owned or operated by the Austin Research Institute, Inc. Please be aware that Austin Research Institute, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or actions of other such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our web sites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to a newsletter we sponsor, we ask for general contact information such as name and e-mail address.
Surveys
Occasionally, our web sites may request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary; thus, the user has a choice whether or not to disclose any information. Information requested may include contact information, demographic information, and personal opinions. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of our web sites.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about one or more of our web sites, we ask the user to provide the name and e-mail address of their friend(s). Austin Research Institute, Inc. will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail, inviting them to visit one of our web sites. Austin Research Institute, Inc. stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email. The friend may contact Austin Research Institute, Inc. at any time to request the removal of this information from our database.
Supplementation of Information
In order for our web sites to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it may be necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from third party sources.
Special Offers
We may opt to send all new clients a welcoming e-mail. Established clients may occasionally receive information on products, services, special offers, and/or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present our clients with the option to not receive these types of communications if they so choose.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user web site and service announcement updates. Clients are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about our web sites and services. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via e-mail or phone.
Corporate Headquarters
Austin Research Institute, Inc.
P.O. Box 522
Hampstead, MD 21074
U.S.A.
Choice/Opt-Out
Users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site - at the point where we ask for the information. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the e-mail, or users may e-mail us.
This Privacy Statement is subject to change at any time without prior notice or approval.