https://www.stamp-connection.com/privacy
0$0.00Shopping Cart
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Home
Sign In
Customer Service
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
CLOSE MENU
Home
My Account
Customer Service
Home
Contact Us
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Order History
Menu
Shop by SizeCore Line Rectangle
Non Core Oblong
Square
Round
Pocket Stamps
Heavy Duty Rectangle
Shop by UseAddress Stamps
Endorsement Stamps
Signature Stamps
Inspector Stamps
Date Stamps
Number Stamps
Shop by BrandShiny
2000 Plus
2000 Plus HD
Trodat
Xstamper
Notary & Engineer Stamps
Hand & Desk Embossers
Refill Ink & SuppliesRefill Inks
Rubber Stamp Pads
Shiny Replacement Pads
2000 Plus Replacement Pads
Trodat Replacement Pads
Notary Supplies
Ideal Replacement Pads
EngravingName Tags
Desk Signs
Wall Signs
Sign Inserts
Awards
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
HomeContact UsHelpPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsOrder History
Stamp-Connection Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
This website uses Mouseflow: a website analytics tool that provides session replay, heatmaps, funnels, form analytics, feedback campaigns, and similar features/functionality. Mouseflow may record your clicks, mouse movements, scrolling, form fills (keystrokes) in non-excluded fields, pages visited and content, time on site, browser, operating system, device type (desktop/tablet/phone), screen resolution, visitor type (first time/returning), referrer, anonymized IP address, location (city/country), language, and similar meta data. Mouseflow does not collect any information on pages where it is not installed, nor does it track or collect information outside your web browser. If you'd like to opt-out, you can do so at https://mouseflow.com/opt-out. If you'd like to obtain a copy of your data, make a correction, or have it erased, please contact us first or, as a secondary option, contact Mouseflow at privacy@mouseflow.com.
For more information, see Mouseflow’s Privacy Policy at http://mouseflow.com/privacy/.
For more information on Mouseflow and GDPR, visit https://mouseflow.com/gdpr/.
For more intormation on Mouseflow and CCPA visit https://mouseflow.com/ccpa.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: sales@stamp-connection.com
By Phone: 866-667-1133
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
©
- All Rights Reserved
Home
Shopping Cart
Your Account
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
Harriet Tubman Stamp
Order Form PDF
Shipping Information
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Etsy
©1999-2020 Connectweb Technologies, Inc.