http://www.pittmandavis.com/privacy-policy/a/cs3/
Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Content
Free Standard Shipping! - Countdown to Christmas Cut-off:
Message on COVID-19
Search
Fruit Gifts
Back
Citrus
Rio Ruby™ Red Grapefruit Navel Oranges Honeybells Clementines Mandarins Sugar Belles Sol Zest Citrus Variety Packs
Pears & Apples
Pears Apples Variety Packs
Summer Fruit
Cherries Peaches Mangoes Watermelon Onions Nectarines Pineapples
Gifts Under $30 SHOP NOW
Gifts $30 - $50 SHOP NOW
Gifts $50+ SHOP NOW
Holidays & Occasions
Back
Holidays Christmas Gifts Occasions Get Well Gifts Sympathy Gifts Thank You Gifts Anniversary Gifts Birthday Gifts Plants & Flowers Shop By Price Gifts $10 - $20 Gifts $20 - $30 Gifts $30 - $40 Gifts $40 - $50 Gifts Over $50
Noel Citrus Gift Box ORDER NOW $32.99
Holiday Fruit Wreath ORDER NOW $39.99
Ho-Ho-Ho Basket ORDER NOW $34.99
Gift Boxes & Baskets
Back
Gift Boxes Holiday Assortment Gift Boxes Fruit & Chocolate Gift Boxes Fruit & Snack Gift Boxes Fruit & Cheese Gift Boxes All Occasions Gift Boxes Gift Baskets Holiday Gift Baskets Citrus Gift Baskets Assorted Fruit Gift Baskets Fruit & Cheese Gift Baskets All Occasions Gift Baskets Plants & Flowers
Gifts Under $30 SHOP NOW
Gifts $30 - $50 SHOP NOW
Best Sellers
Ruby Gems
House Favorites
Pears & Cheese
Pears & Apples
Gourmet Food Gifts
Back
Sweet Gifts Pastry Gifts Cake Gifts Cookie Gifts Candy Gifts Chocolate Gifts Dried Fruit Gifts Savory Gifts Nut Gifts Cheese Gifts Smoked Meat Gifts
Gifts Under $30 SHOP NOW
Gifts $30 - $50 SHOP NOW
Best Sellers
Holiday Tamales
Smoked Turkey
Spiral-Sliced Ham
Smoked Peppered Boneless Ham
Monthly Fruit Clubs
Back
Monthly Fruit Clubs Harvest Clubs Lite Harvest Clubs Simply Citrus
Corporate Gifts
Sale
0
Sign In
Order Tracking
Gift List
Gift Cards
800-289-7829
Ruby Red Grapefruit
Pears
New Gifts
Honeybells
Navel Oranges
Bakery Gifts
Sale
Home Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy The Indrio Brands, LLC family of brands, recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members, gift recipients and users, and has established this Privacy Policy as a result. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of: • the personal information we may collect from you when you visit our Website, respond to our emails, place orders via mail or fax, use our mobile applications, place orders through social media applications (such as our Facebook App) or otherwise contact us via telephone, text (SMS, MMS), email, fax or mail (collectively, our "Service"),
• why we gather information from you,
• how we collect it,
• how we use it, and
• the choices you have regarding our use, access and correction of personal information you have provided. This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use document (also found on our website) which governs your use of our websites (the "Website") and the Service. The Service is operated by Indrio Brands, LLC. This Privacy Policy does not cover information you provide to our retail stores. Please Note: You must be 18 years or older and the age of majority in your place of residence to use, subscribe or register as a member (or 21 years or older in the event that you place a request for transmission of an order for a product containing alcohol). The Service is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children under 18 years of age. The Golden Rule We the owners, officers, managers and employees of Indrio Brands, LLC believe in the Golden Rule. We are also internet customers of our own brands and many others like so many people these days. We promise to you that regardless of the anything else in this Privacy Policy, we will treat your information the same way we treat our own when shopping on our brands websites, etc. Generally speaking we will only share your information with others if we think you will be interested in their products, and ours is shared alongside yours! If you have any concerns, we genuinely want to know. Please contact us as fruit@pittmandavis.com. Why do we gather information? The Company and the Service gathers personal information to help improve our products and customer service, to communicate with you, to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts from the Indrio Brands, LLC family of brands, Company Affiliates (as that term is defined below and in our Terms of Use) and selected third parties. What information do we gather? We collect information through our Website, emails, mail, fax, telephone, mobile devices and applications and social media applications (such as our Facebook App when available) including when you: • visit our Website and use our Apps
• place an order,
• participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and
• engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users. Depending on how you are interact with us, we collect some or all of the following types of information: • your name, address, telephone number, email address, user ID and contact information,
• billing information (credit/debit card number, expiration date, CVV code, alternate or additional billing information and billing address),
• gender and birth date, if you choose, or are otherwise required to, enter such information, interests,
• products purchased and occasion type (for example, Mother's Day),
• any promotion or gift card code and related information (for example, if you are claiming frequent flyer miles),
• Message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses,
• device information - information about your mobile device, including platform information and device location
• application information - application information, including which of your applications are used, how your applications are used and the duration of use of your application,
• network information – network information, including IP address, network carrier and country code, browsing information, such as how you interact with the Services; and
• other information you provide to us, including User Submissions (defined in Term of USE). Information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. Members may also add to their Address Book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions. Other Members do not have the right to view and edit your Address Book entries. How we use "Cookies" and "Action Tags". A "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, user or Member and to provide certain features to you. Most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the Services, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly. We have relationships with third parties who may collect or receive non-personal information directly from the cookies placed by our Services on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers. Our Service may also use a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. Action tags may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. However, our Service does not use action tags to collect or transfer personal information. In addition, third parties may set their own cookies and tags through our Services (such as through interest-based advertising, described below). We do not control such third parties or their privacy practices. If you do not want third parties to be able to use such methods, you should modify your browser settings to limit such access. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site. Interest-based advertising Other Services Advertisements for our products and services may appear on third party websites around the Internet. Some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online. For example, if you have viewed websites about gift baskets, these websites or services may display to you an advertisement for our gift baskets. This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. It is generally not based upon your personal information (such as your name or email address), but rather, upon your online activities. We do not control such third party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. We collect data from you for use in interest-based advertising when you use our Services. Other companies may serve interest-based advertisements on our Services. We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (www.aboutads.info). You may opt-out of being tracked online by certain companies who are listed at www.aboutads.info/choices/ OR www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and may also learn more about online behavioral advertising at such websites. If you opt-out, you will still receive generic advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you by such companies from whom you have opted out based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. This process relies upon an opt-out cookie, for each browser and each device, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process. We do not respond to or honor "do not track" (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. How we use the information we collect We use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to improve our products and services, to conduct research, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts from the Indrio Brands, LLC family of brands and Company Affiliates to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. In addition, we may make such information (except for credit/debit card numbers, expiration dates and CVV codes, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties including, but not limited to, those who share or rent information for direct marketing purposes. You may opt-out of such third party sharing of your personal information by following the instructions set forth in the How to Limit the Use of Personal Information section below. Please Note: We may provide your information to our Company Affiliates for use in connection with their businesses, including sending you offers and promotions. However, in connection with information collected under this Privacy Policy, they are required to comply with this Privacy Policy. "Affiliates" are persons or entities directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, or in the same corporate family as, Indrio Brands, LLC. We may also share your information with our subcontractors, agents, consultants, financial institutions, credit/debit card payment processors, business partners, vendors and service providers, but we generally only authorize them to use such information for our benefit, for instance, to process your order and to better communicate and provide appropriate offers to you as a consumer. We may transfer your information in connection with the sale, lease, license, assignment (of part or all of our business), merger, reorganization or change of control of us or the division responsible for the Service with which your information is associated, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding. We may combine information we receive from you via our Service with information from our Affiliates and third parties. We use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us and to communicate with you in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may use your information to match it with other public and private data sources in order to enhance our records, such as appending additional information to your profile, or the records of our business partners. We also may work with other providers who also possess your information in order to engage in advertising and other promotional services, such as sharing your personal information with a third party who also has your personal information in order to enhance one or both of our advertising or promotional endeavors. In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We reserve the right to disclose information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, respond to a government request, and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the Service, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the Company, its Affiliates, users, customers, recipients, Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants and Associates (as these terms are defined in Terms of Use). We may retain your information in accordance with our data retention policies and for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in Terms of Use), such as a message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are not protected by this Privacy Policy and may be collected, shared and used by us and with third parties, including to contact you. Information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk. Consent to Transfer and Submission Our Service is operated in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States. By using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer. Although personal information collected by us through the our Service will be used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the U.S. may not be as stringent as those in other countries. Links to Other Web Sites The Indrio Brands, LLC family of brands wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party services, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those services, not ours. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other service. We may provide you with the ability to log into our Service using a social media account, such as Facebook Connect. We do not control the activities of such social media services and have no control over the data they collect or their privacy practices. You should review their privacy practices before using any such social media service. Security and Passwords The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at fruit@pittmandavis.com. If you place an order on our website, it encrypts the credit/debit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the website is viewed using Microsoft IE®, Google Chrome®, Mozilla Firefox®, and Apple Safari® browsers. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive. Portions of the Service (such as our Member registration and Address Book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user ID and password (collectively, the "Password"). Passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the Company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the Service (and otherwise as specified by us). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password and for all activities that occur using your Password, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Password or accounts. How to Limit Use of Your Contact Information We want to communicate with you only to the extent you want to hear from us. Any promotional email we send to you or your gift or message recipients will include an “unsubscribe” link to use or a link to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from the sender. If you wish to set your preferences concerning promotional communications, or you prefer not to have your contact information shared with third parties, please let us know by emailing, writing or calling us as described below and identify your preferences regarding promotional communications and the sharing of your contact information. Your instructions will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with law. Emailing us at: fruit@pittmandavis.com from the email address which you wish to have removed (i.e. not shared with third parties), and include your postal mailing address in the message; or Writing to us at: Customer Service
Indrio Brands, LLC
1650 90th Avenue
Vero Beach, Florida 32966 Telephoning us at 1-800-562-4502 (Please, include or tell us your mailing address, and if you have a catalog, brochure or other mailing label from us, please include it with your request or have it ready when you call). Your California Privacy Rights California law permits customers, who are residents of California, to request information about your personal information, if any, that the Indrio Brands, LLC family of brands discloses to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please call 877-664-6674 or write to us at: Indrio Brands, LLC
Attn: E. Rollins Brown II/Legal Department
1626 90th Ave
Vero Beach, Florida 32966 Corrections If you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to fruit@pittmandavis.com. Upon your written request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Members can access, modify and update their membership information (including name, mailing address, birth date, telephone number and email address) by accessing the password-protected "Update Membership" page. Your Consent and Changes to this Policy Subject to the above provisions, by using our Website and the Service, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part. We may change our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. We will also post changes on this page, and will endeavor to post any material changes on our website at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the Company or our customers, users, Members, recipients, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants, Associates and Affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. The date on which the current Privacy Policy and overall Terms of Use took effect is listed at the top of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (see "Last Updated" at the top of each). By using the Website and the Service, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, of which this policy is a part. Your Comments Indrio Brands, LLC family of brands welcomes feedback concerning this Privacy Policy. Please send your comments and questions to: fruit@pittmandavis.com. Updated July 5, 2017