http://www.barbecuecountry.com/pages/policy
Newsletter Sign up
sign up for our exclusive email list and be the first to hear of special promotions, new arrivals, and designer news.
Ensuring your privacy is our highest priority. We do not sell or rent your email address to outside companies. View our Privacy Policy.
About Us
Events
Price Guarantee
Parts & Services
Blog
Privacy Policy
780.469.9970
5682 - 75 Street NW
Edmonton
Alberta, Canada T6E 5X6
0
Home
Barbecues & Smokers
Gas Grills
Charcoal Grills
Portable Grills
Electric Grills
Smokers
Commercial Grills
Built-in Grills
Outdoor Living
Patio Heaters
Fire Tables
Fire Pits
CRPlastics
RovR Products
Accessories
Built In
EGGcessories
Broil King Keg
Kamado Joe
Commercial
Portable
Covers
Sauces & Spices
Rotisseries
All Collections
Wood & Charcoal
Recipes
Pork
Beef
Poultry
Lamb
Seafood
Starters
Vegetables
Dessert
Contact Us
Home
Policy
Policy
Terms of Service
Refunds and Exchanges
We will gladly give you a full refund or exchange the product(s) if you return it to us within 30 days after you receive it in its original unopened and unused condition.
Opened merchandize will be subject to a 20% restocking fee should the packaging, manual(s), instructions, warranty card(s), etc. be missing, damaged, torn, stained or determined unsalable.
Used merchandize will be subject to a 50% restocking fee if the product is proven to be working within the manufacturers intended specifications.
Our full address is listed on your invoice. Your invoice is required for returns. If any packaging, manuals, accessories or other items are missing, the return may be refused, or we may deduct the value of any of the missing items. Shipping charges are non-refundable, except if we have shipped the wrong item to you. Please note that every effort is made to inspect boxed barbecues for visible damage prior to the product leaving the store. For out of town customers, we will, at your option, open the barbecue box and inspect for any damages prior to the product leaving the store. Barbecue Country is not responsible for shipping charges should there be concealed damages to the product.
Gift Cards, Gift Certificates, and Store Credit cannot be exchanged or returned for cash, credit or cheque.
Product Availability
As an authorized dealer, we are committed to make available for purchase the manufacturer's complete barbecue product lineup available to us. Please note that due to physical space limitations we cannot stock every model shown on our website. Should you wish to purchase a non-stocked item we will place an order for you with the manufacturer. Regular and non-stocked models change throughout the season depending on consumer trends and product availability. Non-stocked models may be subject to additional shipping charges. Please call for product availability.
Pricing
All pricing is in Canadian Dollars and subject to GST
Misprints
We do our best to provide you with the most up-to-date and accurate information. If an error does occur, we reserve the right to correct or cancel an order at any time, and/or edit an order to reflect the correction, and/or correct the error on our website.
Fixing Errors or Misprints
We strive to prevent errors. How we fix them depends on the error. If we find that a product description or price is incorrect, for example, we will correct it. Please note that prices and availability are subject to change without notice. Barbecue Country reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions.
__('Newsletter') ?>
CATEGORY
Barbecues & Smokers
Outdoor Living
Accessories
Recipes
Helpful Links
Warranty
Careers
Terms of Service
Blog
Events
Privacy Policy
Price Guarantee
Parts & Services
About Us
Barbecue Country… a barbecue paradise and a grillers glory! We have over 12,000 sq. ft. of retail space dedicated to making you the accomplished backyard chef your family and friends will tell their grandkids about.
More>>
Twitter
@Twitter Feed
Privacy Policy
5682 - 75 Street NW Edmonton, Alberta Canada T6E 5X6
780.469.9970
help@barbecuecountry.com
© 2020 Barbecue Country | All Rights Reserved. Designed by Frisbee Studios