https://www.paragonmotorclub.com/main/main_privacy.html
Paragon Operates In
Member Login |
Home
Paragon Home
Extended Warranty
Roadside Assistance
About Paragon
Overview
Testimonials
Affiliate Partner
Overview
FAQ's
Fleet Roadside
Contact Us
HAVE A QUESTION?
CALL TOLL FREE
1-866-247-3728
Call today for a customized extended warranty quote or roadside assistance proposal.
Get Started Now
Recieve a free, real-time warranty quote for
your vehicle.
Get a Warranty Quote!
Roadside Assistance starting at only $5.99 a
month.
Get Roadside Assistance!
Paragon Motor Club
Testimonials
"I just bought an extended warranty from Paragon Motor Club
and my dealer could not believe I bought the platinum plan at
such a good price. He has had no problem with the warranty
company and has worked with them before. I hope that I don't need
it, but if I do it will be the best investment I have made."
Robert S.
Texas
>> view all testimonials
paragon home > privacy policy
Paragon Motor Club - Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting www.paragonmotorclub.com. We hope that you will find this website ("Site") helpful
and informative.
Paragon Motor Club is strongly committed to respecting the privacy of all persons using this website
("Site"), and the protection of any personal information which we may collect and which you may choose
to share with us. Such personal information will be used in accordance with the disclosures in this
Privacy Statement, which is part of and incorporated into the Terms
and Conditions of Use of this Site.
Exclusive Disclosures Pertaining to Use of Personal Information. Please note that this Privacy
Statement pertains exclusively to information which you provide to us in the course of your use and
access of the Site, and does not alter or affect the terms and conditions of any other agreement that
you may have or enter into with any entity of Paragon Motor Club for any given product or service. The latter
agreement will continue to govern that specific legal relationship with Paragon Motor Club. However, some pages
on this Site or areas of this Site with restricted access ("Secured Sites", including project extranets or sites
engaged in e-commerce) or in foreign locations may require the application of additional or special privacy
disclosures, which will be posted on the home page of that Site.
Your Express Consent to Collection and Use of Information. If you do not agree with any disclosure in
this Privacy Statement, or have any questions, please do not access the Site. Contact us directly
at , and we will be pleased to assist you. BY CHOOSING TO PROCEED AND ACCESS THE SITE,
YOU ARE INDICATING YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT AND AGREEMENT TO THE COLLECTION, TRANSFER, HANDLING, PROCESSING,
USE AND STORAGE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION WHICH MAY BE
OBTAINED FROM YOU DURING YOUR VISIT TO OUR SITE, ANY OF WHICH MAY OCCUR BOTH INSIDE AND OUTSIDE THE
UNITED STATES OR THE EUROPEAN UNION IN JURISDICTIONS WHERE LEGAL PROTECTIONS MAY BE LESS STRINGENT.
You grant Paragon Motor Club, its affiliates, and third party providers a non-exclusive, worldwide,
royalty-free perpetual license to use your personal information for the purposes disclosed herein.
How We May Obtain Your Personal Information. When you visit and use this Site, we may obtain various
types of information (such as your name and contact information) from you that (1) you may directly
provide to us (by inputting information through various interactive features, filling out registrations,
submitting inquiries, placing orders, etc.) or (2) that we will automatically collect during your visit
to the site (such as your user identification and password, internet domain or IP address) as part of our
normal operation.
How We Will Use Your Information. Your personal information will be stored in our systems for our
internal use only. We will use such information to provide you with the requested information, goods,
services or materials, for internal research, for marketing and data analysis, to send you updates and
news concerning Paragon Motor Club and its business partners, and to better assist you with any future
requirements. It is our policy not to disclose, sell or market your personal information to any
unaffiliated third party without your prior permission. However, we may transfer or disclose your
information to our affiliates, divisions, employees, partners, contractors and suppliers, subject to use
only as set forth herein. Please note, however, that your information will not be considered subject to
any obligation of confidentiality. We may disclose your information to any person, specifically to any
governmental agency, without notice, if we in good faith believe that such is required in order to comply
with law, to protect Paragon Motor Club interests including this Site, and in response to any emergency
situation.
Use of "Cookies". Part of our data collection process may involve the use of "cookies", which are
small pieces of identifying information placed and stored on your computer by our server which enable our
system to more readily "recognize" you when you visit. Cookies are frequently used to enable sites to
more efficiently provide service, such as to customize the display to suit your interests, note your
interests while visiting our Site, and store information. It is our policy that any information obtained
through the use of cookies will only be used internally by Paragon Motor Club to better provide service to you
and to evaluate and improve the effectiveness of the Site. Cookies will not be used to track your
activities outside of the Site or for any purpose not disclosed herein.
You may elect not to accept "cookies" by setting your Internet options on your computer; however,
please be advised that in that case, you may not be able to access part or all of this Site, or parts of
this Site may not operate effectively.
How You May Review and Correct Your Collected Personal Information. At any time you may contact us at , request to review your personal information, if any, which we may have collected,
and request that your personal information be corrected, supplemented, or permanently deleted from our
systems.
No Warranties. Due to the numerous technical and operational uncertainties, we cannot make any warranty,
guarantee or representation concerning the accuracy, thoroughness, completeness, or currency of your
information, nor over our ability to control, correct, access, handle, process, use, store or transfer
such information, and all such warranties are hereby disclaimed.
Changes to Privacy Statement. Since we are constantly making changes and upgrades to our systems and
services in order to better serve you, the way we manage your personal information may change. Therefore,
we anticipate updating this Privacy Statement from time-to-time. We reserve the right to revise the
content of this Privacy Statement in any manner and at any time; without notice, however we will note the
date of revision. It is your responsibility to check the Site each time prior to access for any changes.
Protection of Your Personal Information. While we strive to undertake appropriate and reasonable
measures to safeguard your information, please remember that, due to the many technical uncertainties,
complete security of Internet transmissions cannot be guaranteed. Therefore, you understand and agree
that Paragon Motor Club is unable to provide any warranty, guarantee or representation concerning the
protection of your information or concerning the existence or effectiveness of any security measures
undertaken. Paragon Motor Club will not be liable for any claims, losses, or damages which may result from
access by an unauthorized third party, or the introduction of viruses, worms, or other harmful elements
into the system and their possible effects on personal information contained on the Site.
Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT WILL Paragon Motor Club, ITS AFFILIATES AND DIVISIONS, AND THEIR
RESPECTIVE EMPLOYEES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, CONTRACTORS, SUPPLIERS, VENDORS, INSURERS AND AGENTS, BE
LIABLE TO YOU OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY COSTS, DAMAGES (INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES), OR LIABILITY OF ANY NATURE, ARISING FROM ANY CAUSE,
RESULTING FROM THE COLLECTION, USE, TRANSFER, PROCESSING, HANDLING, CONTENT, OR STORAGE OF PERSONAL
INFORMATION OBTAINED OR SUBMITTED BY YOU RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF THIS SITE.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Statement or the use of your information,
please contact us by contacting us at .
Paragon Home
Extended Auto Warranty
Roadside Assistance
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Site Map
Motor club services for memberships are provided through Roadside Protect with corporate headquarters at
1255 Hamilton Prky, Itasca, IL 60143. Emergency Roadside services are provided by Roadside Protect, Inc.
The term "Extended Warranty", vehicle service contract, VSC and variations thereof, as listed throughout
this website, is for identification purposes only and refers to extended service contracts offered through
Paragon Motor Club. Paragon Motor Club is a trade name owned by Paragon Motor Club, Inc., a Texas Corporation.
Copyright Paragon Motor Club 2008-2020. All Rights Reserved.