http://www.absolutesocks.com/privacy-policy/
×
×
Customer Login
If you are already registered, please log in.
Email Address
Password
Forgot your password?
Create your account and enjoy a new shopping experience.
Create A New Account
"/>
Rewards Program: Earn Points For Perks!
Free Shipping (USA Only) For Orders Worth $25 & Above!
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This site is hosted by Big Commerce. Big Commerce! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Big Commerce automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. Please see the Big Commerce Privacy Policy for more information about how Big Commerce uses this information.
Absolutesocks.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Absolutesocks.com When you shop at Absolutesocks.com and depending on how you have your browser configured, a small file called a 'cookie' may be stored on your computer. This 'cookie' essentially contains a unique identification code that is used in order to save your "Shopping Bag" and review its contents the next time you bring it up. If you have 'cookies' turned off within your browser settings, your "Shopping Bag" contents will not be remembered each time you visit the site.. You can navigate and visit the website without registering or providing any personal information. However, we do require certain personal information and shipping address information for the processing of orders. Correct email addresses are necessary in our communications with regard to order status and order processing. SECURITY At Absolutesocks.com, we understands your concerns about online security. Because we share your concerns, we work closely with Big Commerce to keep our site a highly secure ordering environment – so you can shop with confidence. The result is a Web site that offers you the high level of service, convenience and trustworthiness our customers have come to expect. This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All personal information and credit card information in the order process is completed using a secure server. Absolutesocks.com respects your privacy. We never sell, rent or loan any personal information that is identifiable to any unrelated third parties. Any personal information given to us is held with the utmost care and security and will not be used in ways which you have not consented. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us toll free at 1-877-532-6588.
Sign in
Email Address *
Password *
Register
Forgot your password?