http://www.upinpieces.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective July 7, 2013
Up In Pieces respects your privacy and is committed to keeping your personal information secure.
Information we collect and how we use it:
Information you provide - When ordering our products or samples we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address). We may also ask for your credit card or other payment account information which we use for processing your payment and then promptly destroy.
Website cookies - When visiting our website, we send one or more cookies (a small file containing a string of characters) to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We may use cookies to provide a functionality to our website such as a "shopping cart" and/or improve the quality of our service by tracking user trends and preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, our website may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Log information - When you use our services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
User communications - When you send email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
Information sharing
We do not sell or rent personal information to others.
We do not use cookies to track movements on websites other than our own.
We do not disclose personal information to non-Affiliates except in the following situations:
when you request or give us permission to do so.
when we use service providers and contractors (such as credit card issuers, credit card payment processor, check cashing bureaus, or data processors, mailing and fulfillment houses, customer service or research companies, etc.) for limited purposes to assist us in completing our transactions with you, maintaining or conducting our business, or doing customer research;
when appropriate to prevent harm or injury (such as for product recalls, preventing fraud, or handling claims or other liabilities), or to comply with valid legal process and applicable laws.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at http://www.upinpieces.com/contact.
Up In Pieces App available in iTunes App Store
When using "Up In Pieces App" you may share a puzzle containing your image. Any information or images you post to our service when using "Up In Pieces App" becomes available to the public and may be reshared by the receiving party.
Modifications to our privacy policy
We may modify or update this privacy policy from time to time. Subsequent use of our website and/or services means that you consent to the updated privacy policy.