http://www.freshunlimited.com/security-privacy/
Loading... Please wait...
Where Beauty, Flavor and Style meet Ethics and Function
Customer Care
Shipping Info
Contact Us
Security & Privacy
Search
FLAT RATE SHIPPING
Continental USA & Canada
Call or Text
Beyond Organic, GMO-Free, Fair Trade...
Home
Real Food / Ingredients
Organic Baby
Organic Spa
Home Accents
Accessories
View Cart
Join our Monthly Newsletter &
Save 10% Instantly
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
Secure Shopping
PRODUCT CATEGORIES
Real Food /Ingredients
Organic Baby
Organic Spa
Home Accents
Accessories
Under $50
Custom Orders
Last Minute Options
WHY BUY FROM US
About Us
Our Green Policy
Order Status
Shipping
Returns
Security & Privacy
KNOWLEDGE IS POWER
Our Blog
Why Choose Organic
Probiotics and why they may not be the answer afterall
Why Organic Merino Wool Baby Blankets Are Best Even in the Summer
The Trouble With GMOs
Why Rallis is the World's Healthiest Olive Oil
Why is Organic More Expensive?
RESOURCES
The Art of Chocolate
Beautiful Green Living
Recipes
1-800-416-0792
Mon - Fri 9am to 5pm ESTOrEmail Us
Homesecurity-privacy
security-privacy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. www.freshunlimited.comOntario Canadainfo@freshunlimited.com1-800-416-0792This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support helpdesk software.
Where Flavors, Beauty and Style meet Ethics, Creativity and Ingenuity
© Copyright
Fresh Unlimited www.freshunlimited.com. All Rights Reserved.