http://www.thebountifulbasket.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Home             About Us              Login             Order Status            Contact Us             Custom Design Center          Our Design Gallery
Celebrations |
Real Estate |
Gourmet |
Women |
Men |
Children |
Holidays |
Corporate |
Champagne & Wine |  Specials
The Bountiful Basket Featuring Custom Gift Baskets > Privacy Policy
Our Company Policies
RETURNS:
Your complete satisfaction is very important to us.
If for any reason you are not happy with our product, please call 909-608-2131 or e-mail us and we will provide an address for returning/exchanging your package. Please note that packages must be returned in their original condition. Perishable items and shipping charges are not refundable and return shipping charges are the responsibility of the buyer/recipient.
We take great care in packaging your purchase, therefore any damaged shipments must be reported to us immediately. Be sure to keep all packaging as it may be requested by carrier. We will make every effort to replace any damaged items and ensure your satisfaction.
We pride ourselves on fast service and shipping, therefore any cancellations must be made as soon as possible. If your gift has already been shipped, we will not refund shipping charges and you will be charged a $20.00 restocking fee.
Due to availability of products and seasonal differences, we reserve the right to substitute products of equal or greater value when it becomes necessary.
PRIVACY:
Under no circumstances will we disclose and/or sell our customer database to any third party companies. The information we collect from you is solely to process and ship your gift to the recipient. In order to process your order we must have your name, phone number, e-mail address and mailing address. This information will allow us to fill your order and notify you of your order status.
Your e-mail address is used to send you an order confirmation and shipping notification.
We use a secure server to collect and process all orders.
Sustainability
The Bountiful Basket recognizes that many businesses can have a negative impact on the environment. We are committed, and enjoy, finding ways in which we can reduce the impact of our work both in our shop and when work takes us away from the shop.
It is our policy to:
Recycle as much waste material as possible
Avoid the use of paper wherever possible. For example, sending invoices and quotes via email..
Offering products for sale that we are no longer designing into our gift baskets.
Keep energy usage low. We power down all equipment that is not in use, use highly efficient lighting systems and are conservative with the use of our heater and air conditioning.
Reuse waste paper.
Purchase products made with recycled paper.
Purchase products with a lower environmental impact.
Avoid unnecessary travel by making use of instant messaging, video and audio conferencing, telephone and email.
Use recycled materials for shipping.
We provide education to our team on how to become a greener contributor to the environment.  For more information and ideas, please visit the SBA.
Your cart is empty.
Home | About Us | Contact Us | My Account | Shipping Policy | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Cart Help | Testimonials | Corporate Gift Services | FAQ
© 2020The Bountiful Basket - Custom Gifts and Baskets for All Ages, All Rights Reserved.