http://www.getinprint.com/privacy.html
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy Will Explain:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
Your choices for updating and opting out of providing information.
What Information We Collect:
Information you submit when filling out forms to ask questions, receive
quotes, provide reviews and place orders.
Information we receive from
service providers that may include:
IP Address
Cookies
Analytic data such as browser used, device, etc.
If you are completing a printing order
we receive the graphic files you submit via on-line designer, email, ftp, file
upload or web cam capture that you opt into.
What We Do With The
Information We Collect: We use the information for the purpose of processing the order you submit
to us or answering your questions or providing a quote.
We never sell
your information for any marketing purposes.
The only time any
information is released to any other entity is if a crime is committed such as
order fraud. It is necessary to supply law enforcement and other need to know
parties with information if a crime has occurred.
You Can Opt Out Of
Providing Any Information Or Change Information:
You can opt out of services on our web site or choose not to fill in any
forms or submit an order.
If you do submit information and need to change
or remove information, please contact us by email.
Third Party Services:
We have links to our Facebook page on our website. Please refer to
Facebook's privacy policy if you become a Facebook fan of ours.
We use
Google Ad Words, Google Analytics, Google +1 & Google Ad Sense. Please refer to
Google's
privacy policy for information on their services.
We use the Microsoft Ad
Center. Please refer to Microsoft's privacy policy for use of their services.
Application Security:We use a secure shopping cart to process on-line
orders.
We store only the last six digits of your credit card number on our
company computers.
We process credit card transactions by retrieving the first 9 digits of
your credit card stored on the secure shopping carts server and matching it
with the last six digits we receive with your order via email.
We then manually key in the credit card number on a physical terminal that
transmits the number via telephone to the credit card merchant processing
institution.
This is the same system physical bricks and mortar stores use except we
are storing your credit card number broken up in two separate locations.
This highly secure method of processing transaction requires extra work on
our part compared to having the transaction processed automatically on line.
We have never had one single problem with a credit card security breach in
16 years.
Applications:
Our Privacy Policy applies to all web sites operated by Get In Print, LLC
including: buyeshirts.com, buyetees.com, buyteeshirts.com,
buyetees.com, buyetees.com & getinprint.com
Changes To Our Privacy Policy:
If our privacy policy changes in the future, we will post the new policy
on-line.
Terms and Conditions:Ordering terms and conditions can be viewed at: http://www.getinprint.com/terms.html
.
Contact Information:
Get In Print, LLC
14625 Baltimore Ave. #281
Laurel, MD 20707
help@getinprint.com