https://www.acclaim-music.com/policy/account-terms
Account Terms of Use
Acclaim Sound and Lighting Account Terms of Use
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of Acclaim Sound and Lighting's Website and E-commerce services.
Acclaim Sound and Lighting is located at:
Mail Order Enquiries, Sales & Service of Musical Instruments, Drums, Guitars, Folk, Keyboards, Studio & Recording Gear.
Billing Address:
Acclaim Sound & Lighting RETAIL OUTLET
755 Main Street East, North Bay, Ontario
P1B 1C2
Toll Free 1-888-472-0070
or 1-705-472-0070
Fax: 1 705 472 0020
Directions
Hours of operation
Mon-Fri: 9am - 7pm
Sat: 12pm - 5pm
Sun: 12pm - 5pm
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use Acclaim Sound and Lighting's website if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", "You" and "Your" refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company's terms and conditions. "The Company", "Ourselves", "We", "Our" and "Us", refers to our Company. "Party", "Parties", or "Us", refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client's needs in respect of provision of the Company's stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of canada. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using Acclaim Sound and Lighting's website you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with Acclaim Sound and Lighting's privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, Acclaim Sound and Lighting and/or it's licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on Acclaim Sound and Lighting. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from https://www.acclaim-music.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from https://www.acclaim-music.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from https://www.acclaim-music.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from https://www.acclaim-music.com
Redistribute content from Acclaim Sound and Lighting (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
User Comments
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof.
Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data ('Comments') in areas of the website. Acclaim Sound and Lighting may not screen, edit, publish or review comments prior to their appearance on the website and comments do not reflect the views or opinions of Acclaim Sound and Lighting, its agents or affiliates. Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable laws Acclaim Sound and Lighting shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website.
Acclaim Sound and Lighting reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions.
You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so;
The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party;
The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy
The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote external business or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant to Acclaim Sound and Lighting a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and
Systemwide Accredited Businesses and non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls, and charity fundraising groups may hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
We may consider and approve in our sole discretion other link requests from the following types of organizations:
commonly-known consumer and/or business information sources such as Chambers of Commerce, Associations, Consumers Unions;
dot.com community sites;
associations or other groups representing charities, including charity giving sites,
online directory distributors;
internet portals;
accounting, law and consulting firms whose primary clients are businesses; and
educational institutions and trade associations.
We will approve link requests from these organizations if we determine that: (a) the link would not reflect unfavorably on us or our accredited businesses (for example, trade associations or other organizations representing inherently suspect types of business, such as work-at-home opportunities, shall not be allowed to link); (b)the organization does not have an unsatisfactory record with us; (c) the benefit to us from the visibility associated with the hyperlink outweighs the absence of ; and (d) where the link is in the context of general resource information or is otherwise consistent with editorial content in a newsletter or similar product furthering the mission of the organization.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and it products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party's site.
If you are among the organizations listed in paragraph 2 above and are interested in linking to our website, you must notify us by sending an e-mail to sales@acclaim-music.com. Please include your name, your organization name, contact information (such as a phone number and/or e-mail address) as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our Web site, and a list of the URL(s) on our site to which you would like to link. Allow 2-3 weeks for a response.
Approved organizations may hyperlink to our Web site as follows:
By use of our corporate name; or
By use of the uniform resource locator (Web address) being linked to; or
By use of any other description of our Web site or material being linked to that makes sense within the context and format of content on the linking party's site.
No use of Acclaim Sound and Lighting's logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
Contact by Email
You hereby agree to be contacted by email to verify account status and for order enquiry purposes and do hereby agree to grant express permission to receive promotional and marketing email(s) periodically from Acclaim Sound and Lighting.   You can unsubscribe to marketing and promotional email content on a permanent basis by using the "unsubscribe" feature at the bottom of those emails.
Electronic Communications
When you use any Acclaim Sound and Lighting dot com services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from any device to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you electronically in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, text, in-app push notices, or by posting notices and messages on the Acclaim web site or through other Services, such as social media. You agree that all agreements, notices, messages, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Iframes
Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames around our Web pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our Web site.
Reservation of Rights
We reserve the right at any time and in its sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our Web site. You agree to immediately remove all links to our Web site upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and its linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our Web site, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Removal of links from our website
If you find any link on our Web site or any linked web site objectionable for any reason, you may contact us about this. We will consider requests to remove links but will have no obligation to do so or to respond directly to you.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on the website is kept up to date.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;
limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or
exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer: (a) are subject to the preceding paragraph; and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Shop Safe & Secure
Free Shipping Offer
Easy Returns
Canadian Electrical Safety Standards
Get Free Stuff - Promotions!
All images, pricing and specifications within this website are based on the latest manufacturer's specifications and are subject to change at any time without prior notice. Acclaim Sound & Lighting shall endeavor to maintain the highest standards for accuracy and attention to detail, however we reserve the right to make changes at any time, without notice, to products, prices, descriptions, images and policies.
All transactions are processed in CAD funds.
© 1989-2020 Acclaim Sound and Lighting
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Account Terms and Conditions
U: 88b0ea76-a483-4047-9579-32ad05e594ea | C: VGNY1O | V: 1.2.0
BEAM ME UP
Thanks for signing up!
Close
Close
×Close