http://www.supervits.com/help.aspx
help
Call Us: 1-954-434-8975
Call Us: 1-954-434-8975
International: 1-954-252-8032
Call Us: 1-954-434-8975
International: 1-954-252-8032
Login
Account
Wishlist
Cart
Toggle navigation
Account
Brands
Herbs
Supplements
Vitamins
Oils
Cosmetics
Sports
Search
Contact Us
Login
Shipping Information:
Free shipping for orders of $75.00 or more in the continental U.S.
For orders under $75.00, shipping & handling is just $5.95 per order.
For areas outside of the continental U.S., the appropriate shipping will be added to the order. see International Orders
International Shipment Policy:
For international orders we ship via the United States Post Office Air Mail service, which takes 1-3 weeks. Shipping costs depend on the weight of the package.
When you place an order, we weigh your package, then go to usps.com to determine the cost. The country of origin is chosen, and the weight is selected. We do not add any additional fees.We charge you only the cost of shipping your package. Supervits.com has shipped internationally for many years and is familiar with the customs forms and procedures involved. Express mail from the post office is also available upon request. This is a quicker service, usually 5-10 days, and your order can be tracked in most countries. This is a more expensive service, so please send an email to info@SuperVits.com or call 1-954-434-8975 if you would like this option. Most international packages ship within 48 hours after we receive your order. Please contact your local post office and/or customs office if your package does not arrive within 2 weeks after placing your order.
Return Policy:
SuperVits is committed to providing you with the best quality merchandise that we can. Customer Service is our number one priority. In order to serve you best, please observe our policies:
Returns and Cancellations
If you are unhappy with your purchase, please contact us within 7 of days of purchase for a refund. If your purchase arrives damaged, please contact us within 3 business days and we will give you details on shipping the item back. We will replace the damaged item with no additional shipping charge, minus the shipping if returned within 7 days of purchase. All returned items must be returned in original carton and in original condition. Any items returned without an authorization will be returned to sender.
Payment Options:
Credit cards accepted:
American ExpressDiscover
Discover
MasterCard
Visa
Other forms of payment:
PayPal
Google Checkout
Check or Money Order
Online Gift Certificates
PayPal - Select the "PayPal" option at Checkout When you have successfully completed the payment process, be sure to click on "Return to SuperVits.com" link on the PayPal website to be directed back to the SuperVits website to view your receipt. Our PayPal account is: info@SuperVits.com Checks & Money Orders - We accept checks and money orders. As soon as the check clears, your item will be shipped out. Please make checks payable to: Discount Health Foods Send Checks & Money Orders to: DISCOUNT HEALTH FOODS 8222 GRIFFIN RD DAVIE, FL 33328 866-271-6852 toll free
Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is a top priority for us. We secure every order and do not rent or sell any of your information, including your email address. It is the policy of SuperVits to protect the privacy of all of our customers. We never disclose any personal information of our customers to anyone. We do not send unsolicited offers or any unwanted emails unless our customers decide to sign up for our mailing list, which lists upcoming sales. If you have any questions, please email us. Secure WebSite - Secure transactions for this website use a Comodo Certificate to ensure Secure Transmission of your information. Through SSL encryption, the certificate assures that information is kept private between the web server and your web browser. This certificate provides strong 128-bit SSL Encryption - the current industry standard. Place mouse pointer over the Seal or click the Seal to verify:
SUPERVITS STORE
About Us
Home
Login
Advanced Search
Vitamin Brands
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us
Shipping
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
FAQ
SALES&PROMOS
Coupons
Sales & Promos
Featured Manufacturer
Cart
Wishlist
Account
Login
Disclaimer: No claims found on our web pages or in print have been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Products and descriptions are not intended to diagnose,
treat, cure, or prevent any disease. No claim or opinion on these pages is intended to be, nor should be construed to be, medical advice. Please consult with a healthcare
professional before starting any diet or exercise program. SuperVits.com assumes no responsibility for product claims and guarantees made in product descriptions on this website.
Product descriptions and images are the property of the respective product manufacturers. Prices and information on these pages are subject to change without notice. Actual product
received may appear different than product pictured or described on this website due to manufacturer packaging and formula changes. SuperVits.com is not responsible for typographical
errors on these web pages.
© 2017 Discount Health Foods, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Website Security Management by Drundo Secure Ecommerce