http://www.beargarden.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy-and-cookies
Menu
Cart
Home
Store
Shop by brand
News
About Us
Contact us
My Account
Continue Shopping
Your Cart is Empty
Home
Store
Shop by brand
News
About Us
Contact us
Cart
Privacy Policy and Cookies
Privacy Promise - updated 24th May 2018
Your privacy is of the absolute importance to us, and we promise never to release your personal details to any outside company for mailing or marketing purposes.
When you make a purchase from our website, we do collect certain personal information from you (for example: your name, email address, payment address and details). All such information is held on secure servers. The Bear Garden complies fully with all applicable Data Protection and consumer legislation. We treat all personal information as fully confidential.
This webpage sets out when and how we use your personal information that you or others provide to us.
Who we are
We are The Bear Garden UK Limited, a company registered in England and Wales (registered with number 3159869).Our registered address is 10 Jeffries Passage, Guildford, Surrey, GU1 4AP, United Kingdom.
Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. Our website uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket and to remember you when you return to our site. To shop at beargarden.co.uk you need to have all cookies enabled, though you can still use the website for browsing and research purposes without them.
The Bear Garden UK Limited Privacy Policy
Introduction
Welcome to the privacy notice of The Bear Garden UK Limited, trading as The Bear Garden.
The Bear Garden respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Please also use the Glossary to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice.
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
DATA SECURITY
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
GLOSSARY
IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE
Purpose of this privacy notice
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how The Bear Garden collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our newsletter, purchase a product or service or take part in a competition.
This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing
Personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.
Controller
This privacy notice is issued on behalf of The Bear Garden UK Limited so when we mention “The Bear Garden”, "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy notice, we are referring to The Bear Garden UK Limited responsible for processing your data. The Bear Garden UK Limited is the controller and responsible for this website.
Andrew Colborne-Baber is the data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
Contact details:
Our full details are:
Full name of legal entity: The Bear Garden UK Limited
Email address: bears@beargarden.co.uk
Postal address: 10 Jeffries Passage, Guildford, Surrey GU1 4AP, UK
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated in May 2018.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
Third-party links
This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details.
Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
If you fail to provide personal data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you: • Purchase our products; • Subscribe to our service or publications; • Request marketing material to be sent to you; • Enter a competition, promotion or survey; or • Give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details. • Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties as set out below: • Technical Data from the following parties:
(a) analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
(b) advertising networks; and
(c) search information providers. • Contact, Financial and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services. • Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. • Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting us.
Purposes for which we will use your personal data
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity Type of data Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new contact.
To process your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(c) Financial
(d) Transaction
(e) Marketing and Communications
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(c) Marketing and Communications
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey.
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data).
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you.
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences.
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you.
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
Marketing:
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
Promotional offers from us:
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
Third-party marketing:
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside The Bear Garden UK Limited of companies for marketing purposes.
Opting out:
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
Where you opt out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, product/service experience or other transactions.
Cookies:
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
Change of purpose:
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA (European Economic Area), we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA
DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
DATA RETENTION
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Personal data will be kept for 7 years.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please continue reading below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data.
Request correction of your personal data.
Request erasure of your personal data.
Object to processing of your personal data.
Request restriction of processing your personal data.
Request transfer of your personal data.
Right to withdraw consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
No fee usually required:
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you:
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond:
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
GLOSSARY
LAWFUL BASIS:
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES:
External Third Parties
Service providers acting as processors based worldwide who provide IT support services.
Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the EU and United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS:
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at bears@beargarden.co.uk or by mail atThe Bear Garden[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]10 Jeffries PassageGuildfordSurreyGU1 4APUK
Trustpilot
Shop by type
Latest Arrivals
Teddy Bears
Limited Editions
Artist Teddy Bears
Animals
Baby
Characters
Dolls
Greeting Cards
Soft Toys
Gift Cards
SALE
The Small Print
Search
Shopping guide
Terms and conditions
Privacy and cookies
Delivery, Shipping and Returns
Layaway
Contact Details
T: +44 (0) 1483 302581 E: bears@beargarden.co.uk
The Bear Garden 10 Jeffries Passage Guildford Surrey GU1 4APUnited Kingdom
News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
Trustpilot
© 2020 The Bear Garden.
Website designed in the UK by dpc.agency
X