http://www.bodysupport.com/terms-of-use/
Home
About
About Us
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
Body Support Systems, Inc. Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. By accessing or using bodysupport.com, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree, without qualification or limitation, to be bound by these terms and conditions which include our privacy policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Privacy policy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also applies your visit to bodysupport.com, to fully understand our privacy practices.
Intellectual Property
All content available on bodysupport.com, including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, video, data compilations and software, and the compilation thereof (collectively, the "content") is the property of Body Support Systems, Inc. (BSS, Inc.), our affiliates, partners, or licensors, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on bodysupport.com (collectively, the "trademarks") are the registered and unregistered marks of bodysupport.com, our affiliates, partners or licensors, in the United States and other countries, and are protected by United States and international trademark laws.
All brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web Site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by Body Support Systems, Inc. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of Body Support Systems, Inc. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.
As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web Site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2009-2020 Body Support Systems, Inc. All rights reserved.
Use Of Site
This site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors and BSS, Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. Body Support Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if Body Support Systems, Inc. believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of Body Support Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries.
International
Please note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products can not be shipped to international destinations. Shipping laws are different in each country. It is the customer's responsibility to check with the customs department of the appropriate country to verify whether any shipping permits are required. Body Support Systems, Inc is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices.
Customs and import duties, taxes, and/or fees may be applied to international orders when the shipment reaches its destination. If such charges are imposed by the recipient's country, the recipient will receive a bill from FedEx. Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of the order and vary from country to country. Contact your local customs office for details or use a duty calculator (available online) to estimate the cost.
Warranties
All warranties are limited to manufacturing defects in materials or workmanship. All warranties are void if the Body Support Systems, Inc. products were not purchased from an Authorized Distributor, as evidenced by proof of purchase. Anyone claiming to be an Authorized Distributor, who is not in fact authorized, is breaking the law and subject to consequences. If you are ever in doubt, contact customer service to verify a Distributor's status. The warranty coverage is as follows: Vinyl - Covered by a 3-year limited warranty; Foam - Covered by a 10 year-limited warranty; Face Support Base - Covered by a 3-year limited warranty; and Cotton Covers - Covered by a 90-Day limited warranty. Please read our full Warranty Policy for additional information.
Return Policy
We offer returns for most items within 90 days of receipt of shipment. Within the 90 day return period, simply call us at (541)488-1172 or (800)448-2400 for a refund authorization code or login to your account, view the order using the "Completed Orders" link under the My Account menu and click the Return Item(s) button. We will notify you via e-mail of your refund once we have received and processed the returned item. Please note: Gift certificates and shipping charges are nonrefundable. The customer is responsible for all shipping costs to return an item. All returns will be inspected upon receipt. If it is determined that a returned item is damaged or otherwise ineligible for return, the item will be sent back at the customer’s expense or the customer may choose to abandon the item. Please read our full Return Policy for additional information regarding restocking fees, refunds, exchanges, and more.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Body Support Systems, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing bodysupport.com and using your Internet account.
Terms of Use Agreement
You acknowledge and agree that these terms and conditions, which include our privacy policy, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of bodysupport.com, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.
If you have any questions regarding these terms and conditions, please contact us at sales@bodysupport.com.
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address