http://www.circulon.com/pages/terms-of-service
Skip to content
Cookware
Cookware
Explore by Collection
Acclaim
Elementum
Innovatum
Momentum
Symmetry
Ultimum
Explore by Pan Shape
Casseroles & Dutch Ovens
Cookware Sets
Fry Pans & Sauté Pans
Grills & Griddles
Roasters & Specialty
Saucepans
Steamers & Strainers
Stockpots & Saucepots
Woks & Stir Frys
Explore by Material
Aluminum
Hard Anodized Aluminum
Stainless Steel
Bakeware
Bakeware
Shop by Pan Type
Bakeware Sets
Sheet Pans
Cake Pans & Springform Pans
Loaf Pans & Muffin Pans
TeakettlesTools & AccessoriesMORE
MORE
Discover Circulon
Why Circulon?
Recipes
Become an Affiliate
SALEGIFTS
Register
Login
Cart
Spend $39 more to receive discounted ground shipping.
Your cart is empty
20% Off Select Cookware Sets *Some exclusions apply. No code necessary. Prices as marked. Offer valid on online purchases made by 11:59pm (PT) on December 13, 2020. Offer end date is subject to change. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer.
30% de descuento en artículos seleccionados por tiempo limitado:
* Se aplican algunas exclusiones. Oferta válida para compras en línea realizadas hasta las 11:59 pm (hora del Pacífico) del 15 diciembre de 2020. La fecha de finalización de la oferta está sujeta a cambios. El código de promoción debe ingresarse al finalizar la compra. El código de promoción es válido para un solo uso. La oferta no se puede combinar con otros cupones, descuentos, ofertas o promociones. La oferta no es transferible y no puede venderse ni intercambiarse de ninguna otra manera. Oferta válida solo para artículos disponibles a mano en stock. Oferta no válida en compras anteriores, pedidos especiales, tarjetas de regalo, impuestos, artículos de edición limitada o artículos en oferta. Los asociados no son elegibles para esta oferta. Ingrese el código de promoción ROSCA al finalizar la compra.
Discounted UPS® Ground shipping on orders with pre-tax value of $39
Orders placed before 11:59 a.m. ET / 8:59 a.m. PT will ship the same business day. Orders placed at 11:59 a.m. ET / 8:59 a.m. PT will ship the next business day.
Shipping charges are calculated on total shipping weight and ship-to address location.
We currently ship to the Continental US, Alaska, Hawaii, PO Boxes, Army Post Offices (APO), and Fleet Post Offices (FPO).
All orders shipping to an APO, FPO, or PO Box address will be fulfilled via USPS.
There are two ways to track your order:
Once your order has shipped you will receive an email confirming that your order has shipped. On this email is a tracking number. There will be a link in your email to either UPS or USPS. Click on this link and you will be able to track your order.
If you have created an account on Circulon.com, you can login to your account to view your order history and the UPS or USPS tracking link for each order.
At Circulon, we’re committed to your satisfaction. From your Circulon account and order tracking to product registration, use and care, warranty information and more, we are here with information, resources and direct assistance to support your selection.
You may contact us Monday through Friday, 7:30am to 4:30pm PT (excluding holidays) at via Live Chat Support or by telephone at (800) 388-3872
You also may reach us by mail at: Circulon Consumer Relations 2001 Meyer Way Fairfield, CA 94533
20% OFF SELECT COOKWARE SETSstar
SHOP NOW
OUR HOLIDAY GIFT GUIDESHOP NOW
$10 SHIPPING ON ORDERS $39+star
LEARN MORE
These Terms of Use apply to the following Meyer Corporation, United States sites: www.meyer.com, www.potsandpans.com, www.pauladeenkitchenware.com, www.anolon.com, www.farberwarecookware.com, www.circulon.com, www.cakebossbakeware.com, www.meyervineyard.com, www.meyercommercialware.com, www.bonjourproducts.com and www.silverstone.com, collectively known as “Meyer Sites” or “Sites.”
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING ANY OF THE SITES. Your use of any of the Sites is expressly conditioned on your compliance with and acceptance of the following terms and conditions. By using any of the Sites, you signify your assent to these terms and conditions and the related privacy policy. If you do not agree with any part of the following terms and conditions, do not use any of the Sites.
Copyright © 2004-2020, Meyer Corporation
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
1. OWNERSHIP.
All of the Sites, and each of its components, are the copyrighted property of Meyer, and its affiliates, various third-party providers and distributors. Portions of the content found on any of the Sites may be owned by such affiliates, third-party providers and distributors and is the copyrighted work of the respective third-party providers. None of the content or data found on any of the Sites may be reproduced, republished, distributed, sold, transferred, or modified without the express written permission of Meyer and its third-party providers and distributors. In addition, the trademarks, logos and service marks displayed on any of the Sites (collectively, the “Trademarks”) are the registered and common-law trademarks of Meyer, its affiliates, and various third parties. Nothing contained on any of the Sites should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Trademarks without the written permission of Meyer or such other party that may own the Trademark.
2. USE OF A SITE.
You may only use any of the Sites to browse the content, make inquiries to Meyer, order Meyer products and not for any other purposes. The Sites and the content provided in any of the Sites may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed without the written permission of Meyer, except that you may download, display and print one copy of the materials presented on any of the Sites on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial use only. “Deep-linking,” “embedding” or using analogous technology is strictly prohibited unless specifically authorized in writing. Unauthorized use of any of the Sites and the materials contained on any of the Sites may violate applicable copyright, trademark or other intellectual property laws or other laws. You must retain all copyright and trademark notices, and any other proprietary notices, contained in the materials. The use of such materials on any other website or in any environment of networked computers is prohibited. You may share links from the Sites with others or post them on social media sites, however, you are prohibited from posting to or transmitting from any of the Sites any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Meyer provides links from the Sites to other websites for your information and convenience. Meyer does not assume any responsibility or liability with respect to any website linked from any of the Sites (or any website linking to any of the Sites), including its content and operation. Meyer does not review or monitor such links. Except for links available through the “store locator” function, a link from any of the Sites to another website (or a link from another website to any of the Sites) does not constitute a referral, endorsement, approval, advertising, offer or solicitation with respect to such website, its contents, or any products or services advertised or distributed through that website. While any of the Sites may contain “links” to other sites, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. You agree that you will not use any device, software or other instrumentality to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of any of the Sites, and that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure. In addition, you may not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor, copy or scrape any of our web pages or the content contained herein, without the prior express written consent from an authorized executive of Meyer (such consent is deemed given for standard search engine technology employed by Internet search websites to direct Internet users to the Sites).
3. AGE AND RESPONSIBILITY.
You represent that you are of sufficient legal age to use any of the Sites and to create binding legal obligations for any liability you may incur because of the use of any of the Sites. You understand that you are financially responsible for all uses of any of the Sites by you and those using your Access Codes (defined hereafter).
4. PRIVACY.
You represent that you have read the Meyer Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein, and agree that the terms of such policy are reasonable. You consent to the use of any information submitted to Meyer and its third-party providers and distributors in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in the Meyer Privacy Policy.
5. SPECIALS, PROMOTIONS AND SWEEPSTAKES/CONTESTS.
Please read the official rules that accompany each special offer, coupon, discount, contest and sweepstakes that we may offer or conduct. THESE MAY SUPERSEDE THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE MEYER PRIVACY POLICY.
6. PASSWORDS.
When you order you will be given the opportunity to create an account. In that regard, you will be permitted to create your own username and passwords (“Access Codes”). Thereafter, you may utilize those Access Codes to obtain access to your account. You will be responsible for any activities conducted using Access Codes assigned to you.
7. EMPLOYMENT.
From time to time, Meyer may place vacancy announcements on the Sites, seeking applications from candidates who desire employment with Meyer or one of its related entities. However, Meyer is not under any obligation to screen or review any applications or to offer any vacancy announcement or other employment opportunities. As a result, Meyer does not certify the existence, type or quality of the jobs posted, the accuracy of the listings, the suitability of any job opportunities to candidates or the continued existence of the job after posting. The Sites and all job-related information they contain are provided “AS IS.” MEYER MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR COMPLETENESS OF THE JOB-RELATED OR OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THE SITES. Meyer does not guarantee that any employment position will be offered to any of the candidates submitting information. By using the Sites, you assume the risk that the information on the Sites may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date, or that a specific posting may not meet your needs and requirements. You also agree that any information you submit, whether or not it is in response to any posted vacancy, is truthful and complete.
8. SUBMISSIONS.
“Submissions” means all comments, feedback, suggestions, photos, e-mail and similar information or materials that you submit to Meyer regarding the products or services of Meyer. Submissions will not be confidential and will become the property of Meyer upon submission to Meyer. By providing any Submissions, you agree to assign to Meyer, at no charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the Submissions. You represent and warrant that any Submission you provide to Meyer will be complete and accurate. You acknowledge that you are responsible for the Submissions that you provide, and that you, not Meyer, have full responsibility for the Submissions, including their legality, reliability, appropriateness, originality and copyright.
Except as expressly stated and agreed upon in advance by Meyer, no confidential relationship shall be established if any user of any of the Sites should make any oral, written or electronic communication to Meyer (such as feedback, questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, etc.). If any Meyer website requires or requests that such information be provided, and that such information contains personal identifying information (e.g., name, address, phone number), Meyer shall obtain, use and maintain it in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy. Otherwise, such communication and any information submitted therewith shall be considered non-confidential, and Meyer shall be free to reproduce, publish or otherwise use such information for any purposes whatsoever including, without limitation, the research, development, manufacture, use or sale of products incorporating such information. The sender of any information to Meyer is fully responsible for its content, including its truthfulness and accuracy and its non-infringement of any other person’s proprietary or privacy rights.
9. PRODUCT AND SERVICE AVAILABILITY.
Reference to any product or service on any of the Sites constitutes an offer to sell or supply that product or service and does not mean that the product or service is available when you order it. Meyer manages all or portions of the Sites in the United States of America. Meyer does not imply that the materials on any of the Sites are appropriate or available for use outside of the United States and we may not be able to fill your order if you require shipping outside of the United States.
We cannot guarantee that a product will actually ship right away, as inventory can change significantly from day to day. In rare cases, a product may be in stock when you place your order, and sold out by the time your order is processed. If an item is in your shopping cart when you place your order, but is sold out by the time your order is processed, we will notify you by e-mail that your order will not be filled and you will not be charged.
10. COLORS.
Meyer attempts to display the colors of our products as accurately as possible. Nevertheless, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor. We cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
11. BACKORDERS (OUT OF STOCK).
Backordered merchandise includes items that are not currently in stock. In most cases, these items are on order from our manufacturing facilities or suppliers. In some cases, we are researching or waiting for stock information from one or more of our suppliers. We will notify you if a backorder situation exists.
12. PRICES AND AVAILABILITY.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES LISTED ON ANY OF THE SITES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. The listing, description of, or reference to, a product or service on any of the Sites does not imply that the product or service is presently available. If a product or service is listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error, error in pricing information received from a supplier, or any other reason, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any order placed for such product or service at the incorrect price.
13. ORDER ACCEPTANCE.
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or for no reason at all. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any product or service. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
14. SALES TAX.
Sales tax charges are based on state and local tax laws and tax rates for the delivery address of your order. Where required, tax will also be applied to the shipping and handling charges. If you return an item for a refund, you will also receive a refund for the taxes you paid for that item. You will not receive a refund for the taxes you paid on the shipping and handling of that item, as the shipping and handling charges are nonrefundable once an item has been shipped. Please note that on-screen order totals reflect estimated tax. The actual charge to your credit card will reflect all applicable taxes calculated at the time your order is shipped.
15. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY.
By entering any of the Sites you have confirm that you are of legal age in the state in which you reside. If you wish to purchase any products or use certain services on any of the Sites, you must provide certain minimum the required information to us. By entering any information on any of the Sites, you represent and warrant that: (i) you are using your actual identity; (ii) you have provided only true, accurate, current and complete information; and (iii) you will maintain and promptly update the information that you provide to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. Additionally, you agree to maintain the strict confidentiality of your account and any Access Codes that you have chosen. Remember that you are responsible for all activity that occurs under your account or Access Codes. We cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with these obligations. We will use all information provided to us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
If you want to cancel your Access Codes, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of an Access Code, please notify us immediately through this link. We may delete or change any Access Code at any time and for any reason.
16. PAYMENT.
You are responsible for any payments due for any products or services ordered through your account. You shall also be responsible for any costs of collection for overdue payments.
17. RELATIONSHIP.
Your use of any of the Sites is independent of Meyer and not as an employee, agent, partner, or joint venturer with Meyer for any purpose. We will permit our independent sales representatives to access portions of any of the Sites.
18. GOVERNING LAW.
This Agreement and its performance shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, United States of America, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in San Francisco, California, United States of America, in all questions and controversies arising out of your use of any of the Sites and this Agreement. You agree that, regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to these Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arises or will be forever barred.
19. ASSIGNMENT.
You may not assign, convey, subcontract or delegate your rights, duties or obligations hereunder.
20. MODIFICATION.
Meyer may at any time modify these Terms of Use in our discretion without notice. Your use of any of the Sites will be conditioned upon the Terms of Use posted on our site at the time of your use. Please be sure to review our Privacy Policy before proceeding to use any of the Sites.
21. ADDITIONAL TERMS.
Additional terms and conditions may apply to purchases of goods and services and other uses of portions of any of the Sites, and you agree to abide by such other terms and conditions.
22. HEADINGS.
The heading used in these Terms and Conditions are included by convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms and Conditions.
23. COPYRIGHT ACT AGENT.
Meyer respects the intellectual property rights of others, and requires that the people who use any of the Sites do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please forward the following information to the Copyright Agent named below:
Your address, telephone number, and email address;
A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
A description of where the alleged infringing material is located;
A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by you, the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; and
A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Copyright Agent
Meyer Corporation
One Meyer Plaza
Vallejo, CA 94590
Attention: Frank Conway
Email: legal@meyer.com
24. ENTIRE AGREEMENT.
These terms and conditions, together with those incorporated herein or referred to herein constitute the entire agreement between us relating to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes any prior understandings or agreements (whether oral or written) regarding the subject matter, and may not be amended or modified except in writing or by making such amendments or modifications available on any of the Sites.
HOW TO CONTACT US.
If you have any comments or questions, please do not hesitate to contact us through this link. or you may submit your questions at Customer Support Knowledge Base.