https://www.inSPAration.com/privacy.asp
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Thank you for taking the time to review our Privacy
Policy. At times, inSPAration.com will collect certain personal
information about customers and visitors to websites hosted by us. Such
information will include both identifiable personal data, as well as
non-identifiable personal information. Identifiable personal information
will be collected when you sign a contract for service with us, or use our
website for a transaction or subscription service. Non-identifiable information
is gathered automatically when you visit our website or those websites
hosted by us, and stored for use in our system.
The purpose of this privacy policy is to explain to
customers what types of information we will collect and how that
information is used. In most cases, we collect this information to ensure
network integrity and that we continue to provide you with the most
relevant content and best possible service that suits your needs. In some
cases, we are required by law to collect personal information about
customers. Except where the law requires otherwise, we undertake to
protect the confidentiality of such data.
Confidentiality
inSPAration.com respects
customer privacy and the privacy of those accessing our website, or those
websites hosted by us. We undertake to protect the confidentiality of our
customers and users including all personal information supplied in the
course of contracting with us for services.  We undertake not to sell
your personal information to third parties for commercial or marketing
purposes.
Collection of Personal Data
inSPAration.com collects
personal data about our users when you visit a website hosted by us; apply
for a service subscription; respond to a customer questionnaire; through
the use of cookie technology.  We may also combine information about
you that we have with information we obtain from our business partners or
affiliates.
[ A cookie is a data file that
sits on your computer hardisk. The cookie is placed there by a remote web
server that you have visited using a browser like Netscape or Internet
Explorer. It is used to uniquely identify you during web interactions with a
website and contains data parameters that allow the remote HTML server to keep
a record of who you are, and what actions you take at the remote web site. You
have the option to disable the cookie function in your browser, but will be
restricted from accessing many sites as a result.]
Use of Personal Data
inSPAration may
on occasion use your personal information to contact you about promotional
offers; advise you of matters relevant to service provision and in some
cases, solicit your feedback. However, inSPAration.com will
provide you with an option within every communication to opt out of
receiving any communications of this nature or you can contact our
customer services representatives to ensure that you do not receive such
promotional information, at (800) 882-0037.
inSPAration.com collects
and shares aggregated user data with business partners, sponsors or other
third parties for the purposes of developing content and ensuring relevant
advertising and content, such user data will never be used to identify
individual users. These business partners and affiliated companies do not
have any independent right to share this information.
inSPAration.com may
log the websites you visit; collect IP addresses and information about
your operating system and the type of browser you use for the purposes of
network/system administration; to report aggregate information to our
advertisers, and to audit the use of our site. This data however will not
be used to identify individual users who will at all times remain
anonymous
Any information inSPAration.com collects from
you through correspondence with us, whether via e-mail, telephonically or
by written letter, will only be used to address the matters within that
correspondence. If this requires referring such correspondence within inSPAration.com or to a third party to ensure customer service, your personal
information will only be disclosed to the point necessary to address your
query or concerns, and will otherwise be kept confidential.
Public Space (Bulletin Boards, Chat
Rooms and Third-Party Sites)
Any information that customers disclose in a public
space, including on any bulletin board, chat room or any site inSPAration.com may host for you, is available to anyone else who visits that space. inSPAration.com cannot safeguard any information you disclose there.
Site Linking
inSPAration.com websites
contain many links to sites that belong to third parties unrelated to us. inSPAration.com cannot be held responsible for any use of your personal information
arising from you disclosing personal such information on third party
sites. inSPAration.com cannot protect any information you may
disclose on these sites and recommends that you review the privacy policy
statements of those sites you visit.
Minors
inSPAration.com will
not enter into a service subscription contract with a minor unless such
minor has explicit written consent from a parent or guardian to do so. inSPAration.com undertakes not to contact minors about promotional offers or for
marketing purposes without a parental consent.
Reservation of Rights
inSPAration.com reserves
the right to disclose information about customers where required in good
faith, to do so by law or to exercise our legal rights or defend ourselves
against legal claims.
inSPAration.com further
reserves the right to share information with law enforcement to
investigate or prevent illegal activities being committed over our
network.
inSPAration.com reserves
our rights to disclose your personal information where you have given us
explicit legal written consent to do so.
inSPAration.com reserves
the right to monitor user and network traffic for site security purposes
and prevent any unauthorized attempts to tamper with our site or cause
damage to our property.
inSPAration.com reserves
the right to make changes to this privacy policy or update it. Where a
major change is made, customers will be informed by e-mail notification or
through a notice on our website. Customers and site visitors bear the
responsibility to ensure that they have read the changes or updates as the
case may be.
Navigation
Login / My Account   Log Out
Register
Proper Water Maintenance
Trade Shows
About Us
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Search Products
Newsletter
Sign up for our Email Promotions
Contact Us
Corporate Offices
11950 Hertz Street, Moorpark, CA 93021Map
Phone
(805) 553-0820
Toll Free
(800) 882-0037
E-mail
info@insparation.com
Contact Form
SSL SECURE SITE