http://www.gameplay.co.uk/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/HubArticleView?hubId=757830&articleId=757831&catalogId=10201&langId=44&storeId=10151&merchname=footer-_-about-_-termsconditions
Jump to site search
Jump to main content
Jump to main category navigation
Jump to secondary navigation
Jump to footer
Terms & Conditions
Website Terms of UseTrading TermsPre-Payment Terms & ConditionsTrade-In In Store Terms & ConditionsDeposit Terms and ConditionsRewardGAME ELITEGAME Marketplace Terms & ConditionsPromotional TermsGAME AccountTrade In Online Terms
Game Retail Limited, trading as Game.co.uk ("GAME", "Us", "We" or "Our"), a company registered in England and Wales (company number 7837246) whose registered address is at: Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ. Our VAT registration number is GB 190 3961 94.
The products and services offered by Us through this Game.co.uk website (the “Site”) are subject to the Website Terms of Use and Trading Terms set out below which together form the terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”). By using the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use this Site.
We reserve the right to update the Terms and Conditions at any time. When We do so, We will provide access to the new Terms and Conditions on the Site home page. The new Terms and Conditions will take effect immediately and will govern all transactions with Us through the Site. If you do not agree with the new version of the Terms and Conditions, you must cease to use the Site.
Privacy and Data Protection
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Please also see our privacy policy for further information on how we handle your personal information and who we share it with.
Website Terms of Use
Accessing the Site
We cannot guarantee that the Site will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error-free. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site and, in particular, you must not attempt to circumvent security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt the Site or any computer system, server, router or any other internet-connected device.
We cannot and do not guarantee or warrant that any content of the Site will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties. You are responsible for implementing sufficient procedures and virus checks (including anti-virus and other security checks) to satisfy your particular requirements for the safety and reliability of data input and output.
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to withdraw, suspend or modify the Site or certain features or parts of the Site with or without notice to you, where We have reason to do so. There may also be times when the Site or certain features or parts of the Site become unavailable, whether on a scheduled or unscheduled basis. You agree that We will not be liable to you or to any third party for any withdrawal, modification, unavailability, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or any service available on or through the Site.
We do not accept liability for any losses or claims arising from any inability to access the Site or any failure to complete a transaction.
Using the Site
This Site is for personal and non-commercial use. You must not use any materials contained in the Site except to the extent necessary for your own personal use.
In using the Site and information available from the Site, you agree that you will not:
(a) post, disseminate or transmit unauthorised advertisements or promotional materials, chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited mass email to people or entities who have not agreed to be part of such mailings;
(b) omit, delete, forge or misrepresent transmission information, including headers, return mailing and Internet protocol addresses or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any content;
(c) impersonate any person or entity, or fail to state or otherwise misrepresent an affiliation with any person or entity;
(d) engage in any activities in order to withhold or cloak identity or contact information;
(e) send harassing and/or threatening messages to others;
(f) engage in "flooding" - i.e. ICMP flooding and mail bombing (sending large amounts of email repeatedly to the same email address);
(g) use the information available on the Site for any illegal, immoral or anti-social purpose, in violation of any applicable laws or regulations or in a manner which is or may be damaging to Our name or reputation;
(h) electronically stalk or otherwise electronically harass another; or
(i) engage in any Internet activities that would violate the personal privacy rights of others, including but not limited to, collecting and distributing information about Internet users without their permission.
You agree that you are responsible for your own communications and that you will not post, disseminate or transmit any content that:
(1) contains personally identifiable information belonging to minors;
or
(2) is for commercial purposes or contains advertising or is intended to solicit a person to buy or sell services or to make donations.
Accuracy of information
We will use reasonable endeavours to ensure that information on the Site is accurate, but commentary and other material posted on the Site are not intended to amount to advice or authority on which reliance should be placed. Except to the extent that Our Trading Terms apply (as set out below), We make no representation or warranty that any information is accurate, complete or up-to-date and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, We accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by any reliance placed on such information by you or anyone to whom you communicate such information.
Intellectual Property
All content on the Site is protected by copyright. We, or Our licensors, own copyright and/or database rights in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the original content.
Except as expressly set out in these Terms & Conditions, nothing shall give you any rights in respect of any intellectual property owned by Us or Our licensors. You shall not assert or attempt to obtain any such rights and you shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from, or in any way exploit, Our name, trade marks, logos or other proprietary marks, or any of the content of the Site, in whole or in part, except as provided in these Terms & Conditions.
You may download information from the Site for your own personal non-commercial use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without Our express permission and that of the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyright material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trade mark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyright material.
The rights granted to you under these Terms & Conditions shall terminate immediately upon your breach of any of these Terms of Use.
Communications
Whilst We are always happy to hear from you, it is Our policy not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas or suggestions other than those We specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those We have developed independently. Therefore, We request that you do not send to Us any original creative materials such as original artwork etc. Any communication or material you do transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Anything you transmit or post may be used by Us or our affiliates for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. We are free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Your Site account
You may create an account on this Site by clicking on the Your Account link on the homepage and following the on-screen prompts. Please note that you will be required to supply information including a valid email address and your home address. This needs to be the registered address of your chosen payment card. Incorrect details may result in the rejection of your order.
You can amend your details at any time by logging in or while placing your next order. To do so , either select 'change your details' on the 'checkout' screen or log in and navigate to your account pages and follow the relevant links.
Please note that We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if it is or appears to Us to be used in breach of any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including the provision of false registration details or any other misuse of the Site. Any person who holds such a suspended or terminated account must not re-register on the Site without Our prior consent.
Linked Sites
We assume no responsibility for the contents of any other web sites to which the Site has links and We do not endorse the material on any linked web site. The provision of any links does not imply We have any association with their operators. We shall not be held responsible or liable for any loss or damages caused or alleged to have been caused by use of or in reliance on any content, goods or services available on such hyperlinked sites.
Trading Terms
What these terms cover. These are the terms and conditions on which we supply products to you, whether these are goods, services or digital content.
Why you should read them. Please read these terms carefully before you submit your order to us. These terms tell you who we are, how we will provide products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information. If you think that there is a mistake in these terms, please contact us to discuss.
INFORMATION ABOUT US AND HOW TO CONTACT US
We are Game Retail Limited a company registered in England and Wales. Our company registration number is 07837246 and our registered office is at Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 6YJ. Our registered VAT number is 7837246.
How to contact us. You can contact us on web chat or by writing to us at cs@help.game.co.uk or GAME Customer Service, Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, RG21 6YJ
How we may contact you. If we have to contact you we will do so by telephone or by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provided to us in your order.
You agree to inform us if your name, email address or any other contact or personal details provided change by contacting our customer service team on the number or email address set out above and you agree that we will not be responsible for missed notifications if you have not kept your contact details with us up-to-date.
"Writing" or “written” includes emails.
Pricing Policy
We continue to review Our service to ensure that customers keep coming back to Us for more than just great value in all the products We sell.
Pricing on the Site may vary from GAME Store prices. In any instance where the online price is lower, Our stores will not be able to match the online price. All online promotions, bundles, offers and discounts apply to the Site only and do not apply to Our stores.
The prices of products advertised for sale on the Site are as set out on the Site, errors and omissions excepted. All prices are in pounds (£) sterling, inclusive of VAT (where applicable) at the current rates, but excluding delivery charges. Delivery charges will be clearly set out when you place your order and will be added to the total amount due once you have selected a delivery service from the options available. Prices and delivery charges displayed are valid and effective only in the United Kingdom.
Prices may change at any time prior to acceptance of your order.
In the unlikely event that the price of an item has been incorrectly advertised on the Site, We will usually contact you to ask whether you wish to proceed with your order at the correct price. If you are not happy to proceed, or We are unable to obtain your instructions, We will cancel your order and any sum debited by Us from your debit/credit card will be refunded in full to the same card. We will not be obliged to supply products at the incorrect price.
Age Restrictions
Any product with a BBFC (British Board of film Classification) or PEGI (Pan-European Games Information) rating will be clearly described as such on the product page for that item. For further information on age ratings, see the Video Standards Council Website, the PEGI website, or the Ask About Games Website.
Warning: It is an offence to attempt to buy a certificated title if you are under the required age or to attempt to purchase any such title on behalf of an underage third party.
Persons placing orders for the purchase of products on the Site, confirm that they are of the appropriate age to receive and view the specified certification of the title(s) so ordered.
Any person ordering a product for a third party hereby certifies the intended recipient of the order is of the appropriate age to receive and view the specified certification of the title(s) so ordered.
We reserve the right not to supply any age-restricted product where We reasonably believe that a customer is below the relevant minimum age.
Product Information
We are under a legal duty to supply goods which conform with the contract We have entered into with you.
Further information about Our products and services is set out in Our Products and Services help pages.
We have taken reasonable steps to display as accurately as possible the pack shots, product descriptions, screen shots, specifications and other detailing of Our products in the images that appear on the Site. However, as the actual detailing you see onscreen will depend on your monitor, We cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of such detailing will exactly reflect the detailing of the product upon delivery. All detailing of products is subject to change and may not represent the finished product.
Unless otherwise stated, offers cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer (online or otherwise). We reserve the right to restrict offers to one purchase per household at our discretion. All offers are subject to availability while stocks last. Offers may be withdrawn without notice for reasonable cause.
The feature on the Site of a product does not constitute a guarantee of its availability. Products, prices and technical requirements are subject to change at any time without notice.
Please note that the Site stocks PAL UK games, consoles, accessories and region 2 UK DVDs only.
Our Contract with you
Further information about placing and paying for an order is set out in Our Ordering and Payment help pages.
You may place an order to purchase a product advertised for sale on the Site by following the onscreen prompts after clicking on the item you are interested in. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your order up until the point at which you submit your order (by clicking ‘pay now’ on the ‘payment’ page of the checkout procedure).
All orders placed by you are subject to acceptance by us. We may choose not to accept your order for any reason and will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circumstances. On any such occasion We will email you to make you aware as soon as it is possible to do so.
You will receive an email, once your order is in process detailing your order reference and details of the product(s) you have ordered. Please note that this email is an acknowledgement only and is not an acceptance of your order.
Acceptance of your order and the formation of a contract between you and Us will take place when We send you an email confirming that the products you have ordered are being dispatched to you, unless We have notified you that We do not accept your order or you have already cancelled it in accordance with the provisions below (see Cancelling an Order).
If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this and will not charge you for the product. This might be because we have identified an error in the price or description of the product or because we are unable to meet a delivery deadline you have specified.
Although We endeavour to give accurate stock availability information on the Site occasionally products you order may not be available. If this happens We will cancel your order, send you an email to confirm the cancellation and any sum debited by Us from your debit/credit card will be refunded in full to the same card.
Preowned Items
You can purchase pre-owned software and hardware with confidence through the Site. Most pre-owned software and hardware comes boxed with instructions and is fully tested. We cannot guarantee the condition of pre-owned products; they may appear slightly blemished. However, all pre-owned stock is checked, and where necessary reconditioned, prior to being put on sale on the Site.
Pre-released orders
Pre-released orders (preorders)
are orders for items that have not yet become available. You may be able to make a pre-released order using the Site, and where possible (and subject to availability) such orders will be shipped to you on the day prior to release, in order that you may receive it on the release date. Release dates are set by the manufacturers and are subject to change. As a result We are not liable for any changes to a pre-release date advertised by Us..
Pre-release orders will be supplied at the price applicable at the time of order, or the price applicable when your order is processed prior to dispatch, whichever is lower.
Payment
We cannot accept your order until you have paid for it in full. You can pay by all major credit or debit cards listed on the Site.
Please note We are unable to accept payment by American Express. Payment will be charged at the point of submitting your order, usually just before dispatch.
For pre-release orders your card will be preliminarily checked for security purposes. You will be charged for the full amount of your order up to 7 working days prior to the release date as confirmed by the manufacturer.
Upon submitting your order, you confirm that the payment card that is being used is yours, and you meet the age restrictions for the title purchased.
All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation and fraud checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to authorise payment to us, We will not accept your order, We will not be obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal and We will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery. We are not responsible for your card issuer charging you as a result of Our processing of your credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
You authorise Us to debit your nominated payment card to recover all charges and amounts due and owing to Us.
Delivery
Please allow 3 – 7 working days from dispatch for orders by standard delivery.
Further information about our delivery areas, delivery charges and estimated delivery times is set in Our Delivery Help pages.
Subject to availability, We will use reasonable endeavours to deliver the products you have ordered as soon as possible after you place your order, any in any event within 30 days. You shall be given an estimated time for delivery at the time your order is placed. If the goods are not available for delivery within 30 days of being ordered you are entitled to cancel your order and receive a full refund of any monies paid.
Orders for in stock, non pre-release products placed before 1pm are usually dispatched same day. Orders for in stock, non pre-release products placed after 1pm are usually dispatched the next working day. Orders with Express Delivery for stock, non pre-release products placed Monday to Thursday before 1pm are usually delivered the next working day. Orders with Express Delivery for stock, non pre-release products placed on Friday before 1pm will usually be delivered on Monday, unless it is a UK Bank Holiday.
We do not ship to PO Box addresses.
Digital downloads will be delivered to your e-mail address linked to your GAME Reward Card account or provided by you during the checkout process.
Delivery charges will be clearly set out when you place your order and will be added to the total amount due once you have selected a delivery service from the options available.
We deliver the products ordered to the valid delivery address which you supply. Orders over £1000 can only be dispatched to the card holder’s address. We cannot deliver items within the same order to multiple addresses. We currently deliver to the UK mainland, including the Scottish Highlands and Islands and Northern Ireland. We also deliver to certain other countries which are listed in our Delivery Help pages, although We are unable to ship orders over 1000g outside of the UK, including all hardware orders.
Certain deliveries may require a signature to confirm receipt.
We will advise you by email if there is likely to be a delay in dispatching your order. We reserve the right at Our discretion to ship orders only to the billing address.
If you order two or more items from Us and one of those items is not in stock, We will contact you (using the details you provide to us when ordering or in your Site account) to discuss changes to your order. There will be no extra postal charges for orders where delayed items are sent separately.
Once delivered (or collected), the products ordered will become your property (provided they have been paid for in full) and your responsibility. Except in relation to products that are damaged or faulty when delivered or which have been incorrectly delivered, We will not accept any liability for their loss, damage or destruction after they have been delivered.
Due to customs, legal, regulatory and certain practical restrictions applicable to orders placed for non-UK deliveries, some of our products may not be available for delivery to certain destinations outside of the UK. We reserve the right to define what can and cannot be delivered to destinations outside of the UK.
Please note that many countries have import restrictions on certain products or materials. The products you order for delivery to destinations outside the UK may be subject to duties, taxes or additional levies upon importation. These duties or taxes are levied once the product reaches the country of destination and you are responsible for paying any such costs.
Please note that you will be considered the importer of record when ordering goods from this Site for delivery overseas. You are responsible for determining whether there is any restriction on delivery of our products to your selected destination and you must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods. We recommend you contact your local customs authority or post office (where applicable) to learn more about customs restrictions and possible costs prior to placing an order.
Overdue Delivery
You can check the current delivery status of your order at any time by logging in to your Site account. In addition, We will send you an email (to the email address you supply when you register with the Site) alerting you of any change of status of your order including when We’ve dispatched your order.
You should allow 3 – 7 working days from dispatch for orders by standard delivery.
Your order should arrive within not more than 10 days of dispatch (not including Sundays) for domestic orders or 45 days of dispatch for international orders.
This maximum delivery period shall have elapsed before We will consider claims for lost in transit consignments.
If you suspect a delivery to be overdue then please either send Us a message via the Contact Us facility on the Site or email the Customer Services Department at cs@help.game.co.uk.
Please note this applies to UK standard post orders only. For queries on International or Parcel Force orders please contact our Customer Services team.
Click & Reserve
Our email confirmation of Click & Reserve order place online does not constitute our acceptance of the order. Completion of the contract for the order takes place at the point at which you purchase and collect the goods in store.
Our email confirmation will include an expiration date for your reservation. If you do not purchase and collect the goods before the expiration date your reservation will be released and you will not be able to purchase and collect the goods. Once a reservation order is placed it cannot be manually cancelled and the goods will be held until the expiration date. We cannot guarantee availability of released reservations.
Sometimes the price of an order will change between the point of reservation and collection in store.
The price you pay will be the lower of:
(1) the price at the point of reservation or
(2) the price at the point of purchase and collection. We will not honour any price fluctuations between these two points.
Our Pricing Policy (as set out above) also applies to Click & Reserve orders.
We will only honour reservations where you present a valid order reference number as provided in our email confirmation.
We may also require you to provide the e-mail address and telephone number associated with the account through which the order was placed.
If, in our opinion, any person or persons, whether acting on behalf of themselves or a business, engages in practices that call into question the fair use of the Click & Reserve system, we reserve the right to cancel reservations and / or to restrict / block access to the Click & Reserve system for that person or persons. Examples of such activity may include placing significant numbers of reservations where the goods are not subsequently collected, placing significant numbers of reservations for the same product without them being subsequently collected and the selling of reservation confirmations. This list is not exhaustive. We reserve the right to restrict or limit availability of the Click & Reserve service at any time for any reason.
Title to the goods shall not pass to you until you have purchased and collected the goods in store.
Refunds for goods purchased online using the Click & Reserve service may be requested in store or by post. See our Cancellations and Returns Policy below for further information.
Collect From Store (Click & Collect)
Our email confirmation of a Collect From Store (Click & Collect) order placed online does not constitute our acceptance of the order. Completion of the contract for the order takes place at the point at which you collect the goods in store.
If you do not collect the goods within 14 days from the date of issue of your order confirmation, your order will be cancelled and we will issue a refund to the payment method used to place the order.
Our Pricing Policy (as set out above) also applies to Collect From Store (Click & Collect) orders.
We will only honour Collect From Store (Click & Collect) orders where you present all of the following at the point of collection:
• the confirmation email from when the order was placed
• the credit or debit card that was used to place the order;
• verification of your identity in the form of:
(i) a passport OR Drivers Licence; AND
(ii) a utility bill/statement dated within the last 3 months (including corresponding address).
Where a request by us for proof of ID is not met, we reserve the right to refuse your collection attempt.
If, in our opinion, any person or persons, whether acting on behalf of themselves or a business, engages in practices that call into question the fair use of the Collect From Store (Click & Collect) system, we reserve the right to cancel orders (and where appropriate, refund the value of the goods to the original purchase method) and / or to restrict / block access to the Collect From Store (Click & Collect) system for that person or persons. Examples of such activity may include placing significant numbers of orders where the goods are not subsequently collected, placing significant numbers of orders for the same product without them being subsequently collected and the selling of order confirmations. This list is not exhaustive. We reserve the right to restrict or limit availability of the Collect From Store (Click & Collect) service at any time for any reason.
Title to the goods shall not pass to you until you have collected the goods in store.
Refunds for goods purchased online using the Buy & Collect service may be requested in store or by post. See our Cancellations and Returns Policy below for further information.
Cancellations and Returns Policy
Please refer to our Returns Policy HERE for information on (i) your rights to return a product under our 30 day goodwill return policy, (ii) your rights to return a product because we are at fault, or because the product is faulty, and (iii) your 14 day right to cancel under the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013
Our liability
We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these Terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking this contract or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the sales process.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights including the right to receive products which are: as described and match information we provided to you and any sample or model seen or examined by you; of satisfactory quality; fit for any particular purpose made known to us; supplied with reasonable skill and care; and for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987
If defective digital content which we have supplied damages a device or digital content belonging to you and this is caused by our failure to use reasonable care and skill we will either repair the damage or pay you compensation. However, we will not be liable for damage which you could have avoided by following our advice to apply an update offered to you free of charge or for damage which was caused by you failing to correctly follow installation instructions or to have in place the minimum system requirements advised by us.
We are not liable for business losses. We only supply the products for domestic and private use. If you use the products for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
We shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of Our obligations insofar as the performance of such obligations is prevented by an event or by matters beyond Our reasonable control.
Nothing in this section or elsewhere in these Terms & Conditions affects your statutory legal rights.
Distributors Rights
You agree to be bound by any terms and conditions imposed by the distributor or producer of any product or service or any other copyright material and in particular you must not:
(a) make copies of material supplied to you by Us for sale or rental or for any other reason whatsoever; or
(b) show any copyright material in a public place or for profit.
Other Important terms
We may transfer any contract made under these Terms to someone else. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation.
You may only assign or transfer your rights under these Terms & Conditions if we agree to this in writing.
If a court finds part of these Terms illegal, the rest will continue in force. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.
Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. For example, if you miss a payment and we do not chase you but we continue to provide the products, we can still require you to make the payment at a later date.
Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings. These terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Scottish or the English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the products in either the Northern Irish or the English courts..
Online Dispute Resolution. In addition, please note that disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform.>
A copy of these Terms and Conditions are available on written request to: GAME Customer Services, Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ
Any formal legal notices should be sent to Us at the address at the end of these Terms & Conditions.
We use CyberSource for processing of security information and this data is passed outside the EEA (European Economic Area) to the U.S.A. and then back to the UK. CyberSource has been certified by Visa, U.S.A. and Visa International as being compliant with the Cardholder Information Security Program and the Account Information Security program, respectively, which must be renewed annually after follow-up audits. To date, these are the most stringent security requirements in the industry having to do with how consumer data is secured, technologically as well as from a process standpoint.
Help
You can find answers to frequently asked questions in our Frequently Asked Questions help pages.
If you have any queries concerning Our service, the Site or any products you purchase from Us (for example technical problems) or if your question is not covered in the Frequently Asked Questions help pages, please Contact Us.
These terms and conditions were last updated on 09 August 2019
In-Store Terms and Conditions
Pre-Payment Paid by Customers Ahead of New Software Releases Terms and Conditions
In these Terms and Conditions of Pre-Payment (referred to as "re-Payment Terms") the expressions "Us", "We" and "Our" relate to Game Retail Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 7837246, and whose registered address is at Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ.
Our VAT registration number is GB 190 3961 94.
Please read these Pre-Payment Terms carefully before making your Pre-Payment as the terms and conditions set out below will apply.
We reserve the right to change these Pre-Payment Terms and when we do so Our new Pre-Payment Terms will be available in Our stores.
1.	These Pre-Payment Terms apply alongside and in addition to Our Terms and Conditions of Sale which apply to all sales made by Us in-store.
2.	Nothing in these Pre-Payment Terms or in Our Terms and Conditions of Sale are intended to or will have the effect of excluding or reducing your statutory rights as a consumer.
3.	When you order a software product in advance of its release date you may be given the option to pay for the software product in full at the time of order. The price you pay for the product will be determined by in-store staff when you make the Pre-Payment.
4.	Payment will be taken using cash, credit or debit card, a Gift Card, or other Game Gift Cards that you may have. At that point you will have bought your new software product. You will be issued with a collection pack which you must retain as you will require it to collect your software product at the time of release.
5.	Please take good care of your collection pack as you must present it when collecting your software product and we reserve the right not to release the product without it. If you do not bring it with you at time of collection there may be considerable delay whilst we check your entitlement to the product and you may not be able to collect it on the release date.
6.	Pre-Payment can be made a number of weeks prior to the software product’s expected release date (as determined by in-store staff). Not all software products are available for Pre-Payment. Products that are available for Pre-Payment will be determined by in-store staff members upon request.
7.	Sometimes the price of a software product will decrease between the time a Pre-Payment is made and the software product’s release date. If this happens, the difference in price will be refunded to you when you collect your software product in-store. The refund will be made to either a Game Gift Card or to the payment method you originally used to make the pre-payment (at your option).
8.	You will be able to collect your software product in-store on or after the release date during Our store’s business hours. Some of Our stores may offer special midnight collections for selected products; however these are strictly at the discretion of Our individual stores and will not be available for all prepaid software products.
9.	Sometimes supplies of new software products are not available to us on the expected dates and pre-payment does not guarantee availability of any software product on a specific date.
10.	If however We are for any reason unable to supply you with the ordered software product within a reasonable time of the expected availability date, We will always try to offer you an acceptable alternative product.
If however We cannot offer you an alternative which you find acceptable and as a result you cancel your order, We will refund your pre-payment for the item concerned in full to either a Game Gift Card or to the payment method you originally used to make the Pre-Payment (at your option).
11.	If, having paid a pre-payment, you change your mind and cancel your order, except where this is as a result of Our breach, We reserve the right to retain a sum to cover Our expenses in dealing with the administration of your order and its cancellation as well as Our lost business resulting from your cancellation.
We may however at Our discretion allow you to transfer the pre-payment amount and apply it against purchase of a different product available in-store. Any refund following this will be to either a Game Gift Card or to the payment method you originally used to make the Pre-Payment (at your option).
12.	By making a pre-payment and providing Us with your contact details you agree to Us contacting you with regard to the software product.
13.	These Pre-Payment Terms apply to purchases made in Game stores only and do not apply to on-line transactions.
14.	These Pre-Payment Terms shall be interpreted under English Law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English
Trade-In Terms and Conditions
1	INTRODUCTION
1.1	Game Retail Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with registered number 07837246 and with its registered office at Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ trading as game.co.uk ("we/us/our") operates a trade-in programme (the "Programme") which allows owners of devices, including but not limited to: certain pre-owned games software, games consoles, laptops, PCs, hard drives, cameras, mobile phones, tablets, satellite navigation systems and accessories ("Pre-Owned Products") to trade-in their Pre-Owned Products in return for cash or a GAME gift card.
1.2	These Terms and Conditions will apply to your participation in the Programme.
1.3	If you wish to participate in the Programme, you will be provided with a till receipt to sign and return to us before leaving your Pre-Owned Product with us for testing and valuation. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you should not participate in the Programme.
1.4	We reserve the right to vary these Terms and Conditions and/or to cease the Programme at any time in our sole discretion.
When We do so, We will provide access to the new Terms and Conditions through this page and available upon from one of our in-store representatives. The new Terms and Conditions will take effect immediately.
2	OWNERSHIP AND STATUS
2.1	You confirm that:
2.1.1	you have the legal right to sell all Pre-Owned Products you submit for trade-in via the Programme;
2.1.2	the Pre-Owned Products you submit to us are not counterfeit or stolen;
2.1.3	your submission of the Pre-Owned Products to us fully complies with these Terms and Conditions;
2.1.4	you are a consumer and are not acting on behalf of any other entity;
2.1.5	you are resident in the United Kingdom and have a billing and postal address in the United Kingdom; and
2.1.6	the Pre-Owned Products are from the United Kingdom only.
2.2	Pre-Owned Products submitted to us must meet the Programme’s eligibility requirements, which will be determined by us in our sole discretion based on the condition, age and market value of the Pre-Owned Product.
2.3	Any Pre-Owned Products deemed to be counterfeit or stolen will be reported to the relevant authorities and are not eligible for the Programme.
2.4	We reserve the right to refuse to trade in any Pre-Owned Product submitted to us for testing and valuation if the Pre-Owned Product does not meet our criteria for that Pre-Owned Product.
If this is the case, we will inform you why we are unable to accept the Pre-Owned Product for trade-in and will return it to you.
2.5	We will at our discretion require verification of ID for any trade-ins in exchange for cash; trade-ins made by customers who do not have a Game Reward Account; or certain types of hardware trade-ins. Acceptable forms of ID include two of the following:
2.5.1	Passport OR Drivers Licence; AND
2.5.2	Utility bill dated within the last month (including corresponding address).
Where a request by us for proof of ID is not met, we reserve the right to refuse any trade-in transaction.
3	BASIC FUNCTIONALITY TESTING
3.1	When submitting your Pre-Owned Product to us you may be required to demonstrate the basic functionality of the Pre-Owned Product to our representative in store.
For example, where possible, you must demonstrate that the Pre-Owned Product:
3.1.1	powers or boots up;
3.1.2	if applicable, has an in tact screen which is not cracked or smashed and, if the Pre-Owned Product has a touch screen, that it is fully functional;
3.1.3	does not have significant damage such as cracks (although general fair wear and tear is acceptable).
3.2	In the event that any Pre-Owned Product is or includes a software title, it must satisfy all of our eligibility criteria including (but not limited to) the following:-
a)	any case must be in the correct format, unbroken and capable of boxing the disk or cartridge securely;
b)	any sleeve must be the correct one for the Pre-Owned Product, must include the barcode and must be complete and unsoiled;
c)	any disk must be in good condition and not scratched, dented or cracked; and
d)	any cover must include all relevant marketing, be in good condition and not have faded or suffered water damage.
3.3	In the event that the software title does not comply with these requirements or is not, in our opinion, suitable for trade-in, we reserve the right (in our sole discretion) to make a reduction from the valuation provided and/or to reject the Pre-Owned Product in its entirety.
For a non-exhaustive list of deductions which may be made, please see below:
a)	Damaged/broken case - £0.50p
b)	Damaged/missing sleeve - £1.00
c)	Scratched disc requiring disc clean - £1.00
3.4	Software titles that are not eligible for return are:
a)	Multiple copies of the same product;
b)	Software titles that are similar to but do not match the exact version displayed on the online trade in price checker. This includes any software titles that are in any format other than PAL and without a PEGI or BBFC age rating;
c)	Damaged software titles that are materially damaged upon receipt.
3.5	Rejected software titles that are not returned will be recycled for free at no profit to us.
4	FULL TESTING
4.1	If our in store representative is satisfied that your Pre-Owned Product satisfies the basic functionality requirements set out above, you will be required to leave your Pre-Owned Product with us for further testing by our in store team.
4.2	Before leaving your Pre-Owned Product with us, please ensure that you have:
4.2.1	removed all:
a)	passwords and access restrictions (including for any linked accounts, eg Apple iCloud);
b)	SIM or memory cards from the Pre-Owned Product; and
c)	personal information, including (but not limited to) all names, phone numbers, SMS and email messages, browsing history, photos, games, songs, video, apps, programs and all other data that might identify you or any other individual ("personal information"); and
4.2.2	disabled any data receiving functions such as wifi, Bluetooth or 3G.
4.3	Our in store representatives will perform further testing on your Pre-Owned Product against our eligibility requirements so that we can establish if your Pre-Owned Product is eligible for trade-in through the Programme and, if so, give you an accurate valuation.
4.4	When you register, we will inform you how long we estimate further testing will take and when you will receive your valuation. The length of time this process will take may vary depending on the type of product and level of trading activity in store.
5	VALUATION
5.1	If, after basic functionality testing and/ or full testing, we are satisfied that your Pre-Owned Product meets our eligibility criteria, we will give you our valuation of your Pre-Owned Product.
5.2	All valuations provided by us will be in pounds sterling, are final and are only valid on the day they are given.
If you do not accept the valuation on the date it is given, We will assume that you have rejected it.
5.3	We make every effort to ensure that the posted trade-in values are accurate but occasionally errors may result in the display of an incorrect trade-in value. If you trade-in an item for which an incorrect trade-in value has been posted, we reserve the right to accept or reject the item at its discretion.
6	TRADE-IN AND PAYMENT
6.1	Once you have received our valuation you may either:
6.1.1	 accept the valuation and trade-in your Pre-Owned Product, in which case we will pay the valuation price to you in cash or by issuing a GAME gift card to you in pounds sterling (£) in return for the Pre-Owned Product; or
6.1.2	 reject the valuation, in which case your Pre-Owned Product will be returned to you in the same condition as it was in when it was left with us for testing. However, as part of Full Testing any personal data remaining on the Pre-Owned Product will be removed.
6.2	Trading in online, you will only receive a GAME gift card for the value of the online trade in by post, whilst if you trade your items into one of our GAME stores, you are entitled to either cash or a GAME gift card that is store credit.
6.3 If you accept our valuation, full ownership of the Pre-Owned Product will pass to us upon payment to you of the valuation sum.
6.4	You will not be entitled to any other payment for items you submit for trade-in as part of the Programme.
7	YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
7.1	By leaving your Pre-Owned Product with us and accepting these Terms and Conditions, you confirm that all personal information has been permanently, securely and completely deleted from your Pre-Owned Product.
7.2	We shall have no liability for any losses, claims or damages arising in respect of any personal information which you fail to delete from your Tech Item (whether knowingly or unknowingly).
7.3	You accept and acknowledge that it is your responsibility to remove personal information from your Pre-Owned Product prior to handing it over to us and to cancel any contracts linked to the Pre-Owned Product.
8	OUR LIABILITY TO YOU
8.1	If we fail to comply with these Terms and Conditions, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breach of the Terms and Conditions or our negligence, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time we entered into this contract.
8.2	If we cause any damage to your Pre-Owned Product whilst it is in our possession, we will repair the damage or pay to you the cost of a replacement. However, we are not responsible for the cost of repairing any pre-existing faults or damage that we discover in the course of testing the Pre-Owned Product.
We will not be responsible for any loss or damage caused to your Pre-Owned Product during transit either to us, or, if we return the Pre-Owned Product to you.
8.3	We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability for:
8.3.1	death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors;
8.3.2	fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
8.3.3	breach of the terms implied by section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (title and quiet possession);
8.3.4	breach of the terms implied by sections 3, 4 and 5 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982 (description, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and samples); and
8.3.5	defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.
9	GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law. You and we both agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
Deposits Paid by Customers Ahead of New Product Releases Terms and Conditions
In these Terms and Conditions of Pre-Order (referred to as "Pre-Order Terms") the expressions "Us", "We" and "Our" relate to Game Retail Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with company number 7837246, and whose registered address is at Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ. Our VAT registration number is GB 190 3961 94.
Please read these Pre-Order Terms carefully before placing your pre-order as the terms and conditions set out below will apply.
We reserve the right to change Our Pre-Order Terms and when we do so Our new Pre-Order Terms will be available in Our stores. The Pre-Order Terms applicable at the time you pay a pre-order will however apply to that Pre-Order irrespective of any later changes in Our Pre-Order Terms.
1. These Pre-Order Terms apply alongside and in addition to Our Terms and Conditions of Sale which apply to all sales made by Us in-store.
2. Nothing in these Pre-Order Terms or in Our Terms and Conditions of Sale are intended to or will have the effect of excluding or reducing your statutory rights as a consumer.
3. When you order a product in advance of its release date we will ask you for a deposit by way of a reservation fee. The level of deposit payment required will vary depending on the product being ordered. We will tell you what you will need to pay as a deposit before you place you place your pre-order.
4. Pre-ordered products will be held by us for up to 48 hours from the product’s release date only, after which they may be released and re-allocated to other customers.
5. If, having paid a deposit for your pre-order, you either (i) change your mind and cancel your order before the release date of the product, or (ii) return the product after the release date under our 30 Day Return Policy, or (iii) fail to collect the product which you have ordered within 48 hours of its release date (which shall be deemed to be a cancellation), except where this is as a result of Our breach, we reserve the right to retain a sum to cover Our expenses in dealing with the administration of your order and its cancellation as well as Our lost business resulting from your cancellation, return or failure to failure or collect. In most cases this will amount to the value of the pre-order deposit and the deposit will be non-refundable. We may however at Our discretion allow you to transfer the deposit and apply it against purchase of a different product available in-store.
6. Sometimes supplies of new products are not available to us on the expected dates and placing a pre-order with payment of a deposit does not guarantee availability of any product on a specific date.
7. If however We are for any reason unable to supply you with the ordered product within a reasonable time of the expected availability date, We will always try to offer you an acceptable alternative product. If however We cannot offer you an alternative which you find acceptable and as a result you cancel your order, We will refund your pre-order deposit for the item concerned in full.
8. By paying a deposit and providing Us with your contact details when placing a pre-order you agree to Us contacting you with regard to the product (for example, to advise you of special packages or special editions or pre-payment plan options or other aspects that may be of interest to you).
9. These Pre-Order Terms apply to pre-orders made in Game stores only and do not apply to on-line transactions.
10. These Pre-Order Terms shall be interpreted under English Law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
REWARD
These Terms and Conditions (and the GAME Privacy Policy) form a contract between Game Retail Ltd ('GAME') and you, the 'Account Holder', in relation to how GAME Reward points are earned and spent.
1. The GAME Reward programme is open to any person who applies and is accepted for a GAME Reward account, either at a GAME store in the UK or online at www.game.co.uk. GAME may extend, amend or terminate the GAME Reward programme at its discretion, or amend these Terms and Conditions at any time in which case GAME will post notices on its website at www.game.co.uk and in-store. If you apply for a GAME Reward account you confirm that you accept these Terms and Conditions. GAME may refuse an application for a GAME Reward account if it has good reason to do so.
2. If you apply for a GAME Reward account in a GAME store you will need to provide one of the sales team with your title, forename, surname, address and gender. If you apply for a GAME Reward account online, you will need to create a GAME account and you will be required to input the same information together with a valid email address and your date of birth.
3. An administration fee is chargeable on an application for a GAME Reward account. This fee may be waived at GAME’s discretion.
4. GAME Reward cards, where issued, remain the property of GAME. If requested, Account Holders are required to return any GAME Reward card that they hold to GAME or to destroy it.
5. Account Holders are responsible for the security of their GAME Reward cards and credentials and for any points earned or redeemed ('spent') using them. If a GAME Reward card or other credentials are lost, stolen, or damaged or a person has gained unauthorised access to the Account Holder’s GAME Reward details or account, the Account Holder should notify GAME immediately, either online at www.game.co.uk/contact-us or through one of the team at a GAME store, so that appropriate security measures can be taken and, where appropriate, a new card or new credentials can be issued.
6. GAME Reward cards cannot be used as credit cards or guarantee cards.
7. Account Holders earn GAME Reward points on purchases in GAME stores or online at www.game.co.uk. GAME Reward points are not awarded on purchases on Game’s Ebay Store. To earn points in a GAME store, the Account Holder must present their GAME Reward card or credentials to a member of the GAME sales team at the till at the beginning of the transaction. To earn points online, you must link your online GAME account with your GAME Reward account. To link your accounts, login to your GAME account at www.game.co.uk and follow the instructions in the 'My Account' section. Your GAME Reward account must be registered with a UK post code in order to link your accounts. Account Holders can only link one GAME Reward account to each GAME account. Once your GAME Reward account is linked to your GAME account points are automatically credited to your GAME Reward account when you complete a qualifying purchase after logging in.
8. GAME Reward points will only be added at the time of purchase and cannot be added at a later date. It usually takes up to 24 hours for points to be available in your GAME Reward account. GAME Reward points cannot be earned on purchases made prior to joining the GAME Reward programme.
9. Points are awarded on every purchase over £1.00, except on the purchase of gift vouchers, mobile game downloads and Membership codes. Points can be earned on downloads from a date to be notified to Account Holders (by notices in store and at www.game.co.uk.) Other products may be included or excluded from time to time at the discretion of GAME.
10. Account Holders will receive points on qualifying purchases calculated at the rate of 1 point for every £0.25 spent (rounded up to the nearest whole number, so, for example, a purchase for £9.98 earns 40 points and a purchase for £10.01 earns 41 points). GAME reserves the right to remove incorrectly calculated Reward points and/or Reward points which have been added erroneously.
11. GAME reserves the right to vary the rate at which GAME Reward points are earned (including offering bonus points from time to time) on providing 14 days’ notice. Notice is properly given if we post details of any changes at www.game.co.uk and in store.
12. Account Holders can redeem GAME Reward points against purchases in GAME stores or online at GAME.co.uk the rate of £1.00 per 400 points. GAME Reward points cannot be redeemed against purchases in Game’s Ebay Store. The minimum redemption is 400 points or £1.00 against a purchase but any number of points above 400 can be redeemed pro-rata. No change or credit will be given for any overpayment using points. GAME reserves the right to vary the number of points required to be redeemed against a purchase or to exclude certain products from the GAME Reward programme.
13. Points cannot be redeemed until registered on an Account Holder’s GAME Reward account. Note that as stated above, it takes around 24 hours for points earned to register.
14. To redeem points against an intended purchase in a GAME store, the Account Holder must present their GAME Reward card or GAME App to a member of the GAME sales team at the till at the beginning of the transaction. To redeem points against intended purchases online at www.game.co.uk, login to your account and select the option to pay by redeeming points at the appropriate point during the payment process.
15. GAME Reward points can be used as part payment towards a product either online at GAME.co.uk or in a GAME store. GAME Reward points cannot be used as part payment towards a product on GAME’s Ebay Store. GAME Reward points will be not earned on products where points have been redeemed as payment or part payment for that product.
16. GAME Reward points have no cash redemption value. GAME Reward points are for Account Holder’s personal use and cannot be exchanged, sold or transferred to another Account Holder’s account. GAME Reward points can only be redeemed in the country in which the GAME Reward account is registered.
17. If a transaction on which points are earned or redeemed is cancelled or reversed or a product is returned (in accordance with GAME’s Returns Policy) GAME will reverse the associated points earned or redeemed. Account Holders must present their GAME Reward card or credentials to a member of the GAME sales team when they require a refund so that points awarded can be debited from the GAME Reward account for the product being returned.
18. The GAME Reward programme is operated and promoted by Game Retail Limited Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ.
19. At GAME we are committed to protecting Account Holders' privacy and will only use the information that we collect about Account Holders in accordance with all applicable data protection and privacy legislation, regulations and guidance. In our privacy policy we explain how we look after Account Holders' personal data, as well as personal data we receive when individuals visit our websites, buy products or services from us online or in store, or book a station or enter tournaments in our Belong arenas. We also explain the data privacy rights of individuals and how the law protects them. It is important that our privacy policy is read together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data. Our privacy policy is in addition to the other notices and is not intended to override them.
20. It is the responsibility of the Account Holder to notify GAME of any change to or error in their contact details. Details can be updated either at a GAME store or online. GAME reserves the right to suspend a GAME Reward account if an Account Holder’s contact details are incomplete or inaccurate.
21. GAME reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions, or suspend or terminate the GAME Reward programme at any time. GAME will notify Account Holders of any changes to these Terms and Conditions by posting notices in store and online at www.game.co.uk/reward. GAME will where reasonably possible give Account Holders 14 days’ notice of any changes, suspension or termination. Earning or redeeming points after notice is posted will constitute acceptance of any amended Terms and Conditions.
22. Account Holders can terminate their GAME Reward account on written notice to GAME at any time.
23. Any Account Holder may only hold one GAME Reward account at any time. Game reserves the right to de-duplicate its lists of Account Holders by terminating or merging GAME Reward accounts that it reasonably believes to be duplicates issued to the same Account Holder.
24. If GAME reasonably believes that an Account Holder is in breach of these Terms and Conditions or that the Account Holder has abused the GAME Reward programme, GAME reserves the right to take any appropriate action, including suspending or terminating the Account Holder’s GAME Reward account.
25. If the GAME Reward programme or an individual account is terminated (for whatever reason) the Account Holder’s right to earn or redeem points is lost.
26. If an Account Holder has not used their GAME Reward account for a period of 12 months or more, their GAME Reward account balance may be reset to zero. Where this occurs Game may continue to hold your details unless you ask us to delete them. Account Holders are entitled to apply to have their GAME Reward account reactivated and GAME may, at its discretion, re-award any points which were held in the Account Holder’s account at the time the account was zeroed. Re-instatement will not however be possible if you have asked us to delete your details.
27. No party other than the Account Holder and GAME has any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or any equivalent legislation in any jurisdiction, or otherwise, to enforce any term of these Terms and Conditions.
28. These Terms and Conditions are subject to and shall be interpreted under English Law.
29. Any dispute arising under or in connection with these Terms and Conditions is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
GAME Account - TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Introduction
Game Retail Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with registered number 07837246 and with its registered office at Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire RG21 6YJ ("GAME") operates the "GAME Account", which lets you log in to the GAME.co.uk website (the "Site") and use additional services offered by GAME, including GAME Reward and GAME Wallet (the "Services").
These Terms and Conditions will govern any use you make of GAME Account of the Services. We reserve the right to update the Terms and Conditions at any time. When we do so, we will provide access to the new Terms and Conditions here and provide you a message through your Game Account. The new Terms and Conditions will take effect immediately.
By registering for a GAME Account, logging in to your GAME Account or otherwise using a GAME Account or one of the Services, you agree to comply with these terms and conditions.
Using your GAME Account
The GAME Account makes it easier for you to use and place orders on the Site and to use the Services.
We do not guarantee that the GAME Account, the Site, or any of the Services, will always be available or be uninterrupted. Access to the GAME Account is permitted on a temporary basis. We may suspend, withdraw, discontinue or change all or any part of the GAME Account without notice. We will not be liable to you if for any reason our site is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Creating and logging in your GAME Account
When you create a GAME Account, you can choose to log in using a third-party social account (such as Google, Facebook, Microsoft etc.) or by creating your own user name and password directly with GAME. The list of supported third party social accounts will be displayed to you when you create your GAME Account, and we may add additional supported third party social accounts from time to time. In exceptional circumstances, we may have to stop supporting a third party social accounts, and we will contact you if this is likely to affect you.
If you have created a GAME Account using a third party social accounts, you will need to use the same account whenever you log in to your GAME Account. Your use of a third party social accounts is subject to the terms and conditions of the entity that provides it, and you will need to agree to share certain information with GAME in order to be able to use your chosen third party social accounts with your GAME Account
Where you have previously used one of the Services we will integrate the information you have already provided into your new GAME Account, provided you use the same identifying information when you create your GAME Account.
If you choose to create your own user name and password directly with GAME when setting up your GAME Account, we may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as your GAME Reward account or card details, or your personal details. You must make sure that any information you give to us is accurate.
Whichever method you use to create your GAME Account, it is your responsibility to keep the login details secure. If anyone anyone logs in to your GAME Account using the correct credentials, we are entitled to treat them as if they are you or are authorised by you to use your account. We will never ask you for your login details outside of the login process itself.
Personal Information
You will need to ensure that the personal details you have recorded with us are accurate and up to date.
Please note that we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if it is or appears to us to be used in breach of any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions, including the provision of false registration details or any other misuse of the Site. Any person who holds such a suspended or terminated account must not re-register on the Site without Our prior consent.
Privacy and Data Protection
At Game Retail Limited, we are committed to protecting your privacy and will only use the information that we collect about you in accordance with all applicable data protection and privacy legislation, regulations and guidance.
In our privacy policy [LINK] we explain how we look after your personal data when you use your GAME Account, visit our websites (regardless of where you visit them from), when you buy products or services from us online or in store, or when you book a station or enter tournaments in our Belong arenas. We also explain your data privacy rights and how the law protects you. It is important that you read our privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your personal data. Our privacy policy is in addition to the other notices and is not intended to override them.
Other terms that form part of the contract
Creating a GAME Account also gives you access to the Services, and the terms and conditions applicable to those Services are incorporated in these GAME Account terms of use.
The additional terms and conditions incorporated into the contract are GAME Reward; and GAME Wallet.
Security and Passwords
When you create a GAME Account you will choose a user identification code and password. You must treat them as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential. You must not disclose it to any third party. We will never ask you for your login details outside of the login process itself.
We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or allocated by us, at any time, if in our reasonable opinion you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these terms of use.
If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your user identification code or password, you must promptly notify us at customerservices@game.co.uk
This event is being organised by GAME Retail Ltd., whose registered office is at Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke RG21 6YJ.
Inactive accounts
We reserve the right to delete or deactivate any GAME Accounts that we regard as being inactive due to not having been used for a reasonable period of time. If we do this you may not be able to continue to use the Services and will have to create a new GAME Account in order to use the Site and the Services.
Intellectual Property Rights
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the GAME Account, the Site, and the Services. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved. You must not modify or attempt to modify the GAME Account, the Site or the Services, nor to compromise any of the security features associated with the same. Our status (and that of any identified contributors) as the authors and owners of the GAME Account, the Site and the Services must always be acknowledged. You must not use any part of the GAME Account, the Site and the Services for commercial purposes without obtaining a licence to do so from us or our licensors.
Miscellaneous
Nothing in these terms of use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by English law. To the extent permitted by law, we exclude all conditions, warranties, representations or other terms which may apply to the GAME Account, the Site or the Services, whether express or implied. We will not be liable to any user for any loss or damage, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, even if foreseeable, arising under or in connection with:
•	use of, or inability to use, the GAME Account, the Site or the Services; or • use of or reliance on any content displayed on via the GAME Account, the Site or the Services.
If you are a business user, please note that in particular, we will not be liable for: •loss of profits, sales, business, or revenue;•business interruption; •	loss of anticipated savings; • loss of business opportunity, goodwill or reputation; or •any indirect or consequential loss or damage.
If you are a consumer user, please note that we only provide the GAME Account, the Site or the Services for domestic and private use. You agree not to use the GAME Account, the Site or the Services for any commercial or business purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity. We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a virus, distributed denial-of-service attack, or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the GAME Account, the Site or the Services. We assume no responsibility for the content of websites linked on the Site. Such links should not be interpreted as endorsement by us of those linked websites. We will not be liable for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Different limitations and exclusions of liability will apply to liability arising as a result of the supply of any goods by use to you, which will be set out in our Terms and conditions of supply. No party other than the Account Holder and GAME has any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 or any equivalent legislation in any jurisdiction, or otherwise, to enforce any term of these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions are subject to and shall be interpreted under English Law.
GAME Logo
Our Products
Deals
Accessories
Coming Soon
Pre-owned
Tech | Merchandise
Playstation® | Xbox® | Nintendo®
Our Services
GAME Blog
Pre-order price promise
Trade-in
Pre-owned guarantee
GAME Finance
Store Finder | Store Events
Customer Services
Help Home
Contact Us
Deliveries
Where is my order?
Returns information
Tech Support
Company Information
Gender Pay Gap
Modern Slavery
Careers at GAME
Tax Strategy
Covid-19 Information
About
News
Privacy Centre
Terms & Conditions
Cookies
Copyright
Ways to pay
Email sign-up
Sign up for the latest news, game releases and best deals.
Sign me up
More from GAME
Reward, Elite & App
GAME Reward App
Game Retail Limited. trading as GAME.co.uk - Company Registration No: 7837246 - Company Registered in England Registered Address: Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 6YJ
GAME Retail Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 652341). Credit provided by Klarna Bank AB, authorised and regulated by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, with limited supervision by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK (FRN: 536065). Registered office: Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. Corporation ID number: 556737-0431.
© Game.co.uk 2019 All Rights Reserved
Representative Example:
Representative 19.9% APR (variable)
Purchase rate 19.9% p.a. (variable)
Assumed credit limit £1,200
Subject to status. Terms and conditions apply. Game Retail Limited acts as a broker and not a lender. Commission may be received. We will introduce to PayPal (Europe) S.à rl et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg. ™
COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies belonging to GAME & third parties to provide you with the best experience on our site and deliver marketing based on your interests. By clicking I accept you signify your consent to the use of these cookies. By clicking close we'll assume you are happy to receive cookies from the game.co.uk website. To learn more, please see our COOKIE POLICY.
I accept
Close