http://www.aviartnutkins.com/privacy.php#cookie-info
+44(0)1959 524416hello@aviartnutkins.comSend Email
Search
Items
Checkout
Main content
Service navigation
Avi-Art - Aviation Art by Geoff Nutkins
Limited Editions
Battle of Britain
Collector's Editions
Pilot Portraits
Open Editions
Pencil Sketches
Individuals
Remarques
Remarques of any print are available from just £50.00. Just email us and tell us what you want.
Pilot Signatures
Looking for a something signed by a specific pilot?
Signatures
Home
Privacy and Cookies Privacy and Cookies
We treat any information you provide us with as confidential.It will never be published, shared, distributed or sold to any other parties.The only personally-identifiable information collected by this site is information which you choose to send us via our Secure Order Form if you decide to place an order.
If you do place an order we will only use your supplied information for the purposes of fulfilling your order. We treat this information as confidential and it will never be published, shared, distributed or sold to any other parties. Your email address will not be added to any mailing list.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer. This website uses cookies to retrieve the contents of your shopping cart and to ensure we provide a good user experience. Our cookies do not contain any personal information. If you do not wish to accept cookies you can delete them or configure your browser to reject them. These websites can help you do that: www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org.
Please note that if you block all cookies from our site, it will not be possible to use the shopping basket. If you then wish to make a purchase, please contact us.
The cookies we set:
Cookie
Name
Purpose
Avi-Art Session
PHPSESSID
This cookie gives you a temporary, anonymous ID. Our shopping basket cannot work without this cookie. It will be automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser.
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz
These cookies are used to collect information about the way visitors use our site. All information is anonymous. These cookies are first-party. We use the information they gather to improve our site and make it more user-friendly. It tells us, amongst other things, how many visitors we have had, where they come from and which pages they view. If you wish, you can opt out of these cookies.
Secure Ordering
If you decide to place an order with us, you will be directed to our Secure Order Form. We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your personal data during transmission across the internet.
To top
Info pages
The Artist
Pilot Signatures
Spitfire Prints
Useful stuff
Contact
Delivery Costs
International Orders
Sitemap
Important stuff
Privacy and Cookies
Terms and Conditions
Copyright
Our other places
eBay Shop
Our Museum
© Avi-Art / Geoff Nutkins 2020
Avi-Art - Aviation Art by Geoff Nutkins - Paintings, Sketches, Prints
Avi-Art uses anonymous cookies to provide functionality. Some may have been set already. About our cookies.
Click the button to accept our cookies. If you continue using our site, we will assume you are happy to accept them anyway.