https://www.americanspice.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Spices
All Spices
Ground Spices
Whole Spices
Cinnamon
Paprikas
Peppercorns
Herbs
All Herbs
Ground Herbs
Whole Herbs
Spice Blends & Seasonings
All Spice Blends & Seasonings
BBQ Rubs
Chili Powders
Poultry Seasonings
Salt Free Seasonings
Seafood Seasonings
Steak Seasonings
John Henry's
New Seasonings
Chiles & Peppers
All Chiles & Peppers
Ground Chiles
Whole Chiles
Spicy Chiles
Fruits & Vegetables
All Fruits & Vegetables
Fruits
Vegetables
Mushrooms
All Mushrooms
Ground Mushrooms
Whole Mushrooms
Flavored Powders
All Flavored Powders
Dairy Powders
Egg Powders
Vinegar Powders
Sweet Powders
Salts
All Salts
Hawaiian Sea Salt
Sugars
All Sugars
Sanding Sugar
Oils & Extracts
Popcorn
All Popcorn
Popcorn Kernels
Popcorn Seasonings
Jerky & Sausage Making
All Jerky & Sausage Making
Casings
Curing
Jerky Seasonings
Sausage Seasonings
Other Seasonings
Additives
Mixes
All Mixes
Bread and Baking Supplies
Dip Mixes
Marinades
Salad Dressing Mixes
Soups and Chili Mixes
Specialty Shops
All Specialty Shops
Baking Supplies
BBQ & Grilling
Brewing Ingredients
Cajun Shop
Canning and Pickling
Coconut
Gluten Free Products
Hard-to-Find Items
Specialty Products
Smoked Products
Unker's Products
Vegan Friendly
Gift Items
Spice Containers
Vanilla
Recent Posts
The dried seed of the cuminim cymimuni plant makes cumin seed.	cumin makes up a large proportion of
…
read more
26th May 2020
Oregano means Joy of The Mountain in Ancient Greek	Ancient Greeks believed that cows that grazed
…
read more
27th Oct 2018
Paprika is so much more than a coloring agent!
It is made by grinding the pods of the pepper
…
read more
27th Oct 2018
TheGreatAmericanSpice
Home
Help Center
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AmericanSpice.com is committed to protecting your privacy online. This policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard your personal information. If you have any questions, please call toll-free 877-6SPICE9 (877-677-4239) or email us at information@americanspice.com.
What Information Do We Collect & How is it Used?
Ordering Information - When placing an order we ask for your name, mailing address, email address, and credit card information. This information is used to process and fulfill your order, send you a receipt, and inform you of your order status.
Contests and Give Aways - When entering a contest or give away, we may ask for your name, email address, mailing address, and/or broad demographic information (age,gender,etc.). This information is used to administer the contest and/or notify winners. Demographic information is used to improve and focus the services and features offered to our customers.
Mailing List - When signing up for the AmericanSpice.com mailing list, we ask for your name and email address. This information is used to send you the requested email. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Site Usage Statistics - We collect general site usage statistics to administer the site, determine shopping trends, and improve the overall shopping experience at AmericanSpice.com. This data is not linked to personal identifiable information.
How We Protect Your Information
We maintain both electronic and procedural safeguards to ensure the maximum security of your personal information. All orders placed on our site are protected by the highest level of encryption and cannot be viewed or altered as information travels to our secure server. Once we receive your information, we store it on a secure server that is not accessible from the Internet.
Who Has Access To Your Information
Credit card transactions are processed by a trusted third-party financial institution. They receive only enough credit card and billing information to determine the validity of the card and process the transaction.
AmericanSpice.com does not sell or share names, credit card, or any personal information with any other third party.
Additionally, we restrict access to stored personal information to only those employees who have a specific business need for utilizing it.
Use of Email
We occasionally email our customers with information about upcoming promotions, sales, new products, recipes, and exclusive special offers. If, for any reason, you do not wish to receive this information, simply follow the instructions in each email or contact us at info@americanspice.com. Please also remember that email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure method of transmitting sensitive information such as your credit card number. Use of Cookies "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our site uses cookies to keep track of items, speed navigation, and determine which areas of the site are popular or unpopular. We may also use cookies to tailor site content to your interests based on your previous shopping preferences at AmericanSpice.com. The information stored in this cookie does not directly contain any personally identifiable information.
By default, your browser is initially configured to accept cookies. Although not recommended, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. You will still be able to place orders on our site, even with cookies disabled.
Privacy of Children
AmericanSpice.com does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. We sincerely hope that all parents monitor their children's use of the Internet and make them aware of the concerns regarding the use of personal information online.
AmericanSpice.com is constantly improving the services provided to our customers. If new features affect this policy, we will post the changes on this page immediately. We urge you to review this page regularly so that you are always aware of our current privacy policy.
OK