http://www.jesters.com/terms-conditions
Home
/
Terms and conditions
Privacy Policy
We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store details if you select the 'Remember me' option.
Site Usage Information
This website gathers "site usage" information like the number and frequency of visitors to the website, in the same way that television ratings tell the TV networks how many people have tuned into a particular programme. We only use such data in its aggregate form to help us:
* determine how much our customers use different parts of the site.
* improve the overall quality and efficiency of our site so that it is both relevant and appealing.
Individual User Information
Individually identifiable information will not be released to any third parties, except to service your specific enquiry, without that individual's prior consent. Visitors are specifically asked for individually identifiable information when enquiring.
From time to time, we may wish to contact individual users regarding new service developments or to make promotional offers.
Where we conduct customer and service research, we will not disclose this information to any third parties.
Disclosure
We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to this website or information that you may give us, such as your name, postcode, address, email address or telephone number, to any outside companies.
However we reserve the right to access and disclose individually identifiable information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly or to protect itself or its users. Where practical, Brimtoy Ltd will attempt to obtain the consent of the individual prior to disclosing individually identifiable information. As mentioned above, we reserve the right to share aggregated "site usage" information with third parties.
Privacy Policy Changes
In the event that we decide to change our privacy policy for this website, we will post those changes here and notify you of those changes, if you so wish. This means you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.
Security
The security of your information is a priority to us. Unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the internet, can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect the information you supply to us, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party we provide the information to. You provide all such information at your own risk.