https://www.liverpoolmedals.com/cookie-policy
X
Search our full catalog
Country:
Any Country
Albania
Araucania
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Azores
Bahrain
Belgium
Bolivia
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burundi
C.S.S.R.
Cambodia & Laos
Cameroon
Canada
Central African Republic
Chile
Columbia
Comores
Congo and Zaire
Croatia
Cuba
Czechoslovakia
Dahomey
Denmark
Dominican Republic
Egypt
Estonia
Ethiopia
Fiji
Finland
France
France Ephemeral
French Colonies
Gabon
Gambia
German Empire
German Reich
Germany
Ghana
Great Britain
Greece
Groups
Haiti
Haute Volta
Honduras
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
International Orders
Iraq
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Jordan
Kenya
Kiribati (Gilbert Islands)
Korea
Latvia
Lebanon
Liberia
Liechtenstien
Luxembourg
Malagasy
Malawi
Malaya
Malaysia
Malta
Mauretania
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Morocco
Nepal
Netherlands
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Nigeria
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Panama
Paraguay
Peoples Republic of Bulgaria
Peoples Republic of China
Peoples Republic of Korea
Persia (Iran)
Peru
Phillipines
Poland
Polish Badges
Portugal
Republic of Austria
Republic of Yugoslavia
Rhodesia
Romania
Russia
Russian Federation
San Marino
Sarawak
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Siam and Thailand
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Africa Republic
South Korea
South Vietnam
Soviet Russia
Spain
Sphinx Military Organisation
Sudan
Surinam
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tanzania
Tchad
Tonga
Tunisia
Turkey
U.S.A.
Uganda
United Kingdom
United Nations
Vatican
Venezuela
W.W.I. ALLIED VICTORY MEDALS
Yemen
Yugoslavia Kingdom
Zanzibar
Zimbabwe
German States & Subcategories:
Any State
Anhalt
Anhalt-Bernburg
Anhalt-Kothen
Baden
Bavaria
Brunswick
Frankfurt
Hanover
Hanseatic States
Hessen Darmstadt
Hessen Kassel
Hohenzolleren
Lippe Detmold
Mecklenburg-Schwerin
Mounted Groups
Nassau
Oldenburg
Prussia
Reuss
Saxe Altenburg
Saxe Coburg Gotha
Saxe Coburg Saalfeld
Saxe Meiningen
Saxe Weimar
Saxony
Schaumburg-Lippe
Schleswig Holstein
Schwarzburg Rudolstadt
Weurtemburg
Category:
Any Category
Awards For Gallantry And Distinguished Service
Campaign Medal Groups Pre W.W.I.
First World War Medals
Long Service Coronation And Miscellaneous
Miniatures
Modern Groups
Orders Decorations And Meritorious Service Medals
Single Campaign Medals
World Medals and Decorations
British Medals and Decorations
Price Range:
X
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register
Latest Stock
We usually update our stock every 2 to 3 weeks.
See our latest stock
British Medals & Orders
Browse our stock of British Medals from United Kingdom & it’s Colonies.
British Medals & Orders
World Medals & Orders
Browse our stock from all other countries of the world.
World Medals & Orders
Archives
Browse our sold item archive.
See archives
Cookie Policy
HomepageCookie Policy
This is the Cookie Policy for Liverpool Medals, accessible from www.liverpoolmedals.com
What Are Cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Account related cookiesIf you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
Login related cookiesWe use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
Email newsletters related cookiesThis site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Orders processing related cookiesThis site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Forms related cookiesWhen you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
Site preferences cookiesIn order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it’s important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods:
Email: sales@liverpoolmedals.com
By visiting this link: www.liverpoolmedals.com
Phone: 01619283272
Get Our News and updates
Be the first to know about our stock updates.
Translate »