http://www.golftrainingaids.com/pages/privacy-policy
All Departmentx
New Arrivals!
Full Swing Aids
Short Game Aids
Putting Products
Nets, Mats, Balls & Targets
Fitness & Distance
Clearance!
New Arrivals!
Full Swing Aids
Short Game Aids
Putting Aids
Junior Products
Shop All Products
all departments
New Arrivals!
Full Swing Aids
Short Game Aids
Putting Products
Nets, Mats, Balls & Targets
Fitness & Distance
Clearance!
Golf Training AidsHome
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect several types of information from and about users, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as non-personal demographic information;
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and/or other tracking technologies.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
The information we collect may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, making a purchase on our Website, subscribing to our emails or text messages, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information provided to us through social networks or third-party platforms when you, for example, engage with our social media content, or communicate with us via social media (such as your name, e-mail, profile picture, likes, location, friend list, photos or other information described by the applicable social network or platform).
USAGE DETAILS, IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, or our advertising or applications on third-party websites and services, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data, and does not alone identify any individual. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website.  Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. We may place tags on our webpages called “web beacons.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies.
THIRD PARTY WEB ANALYTICS SERVICES
We may use third party web analytics services on this Website and our social media pages, such as those of Google Analytics.  The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to collect information (such as IP address) and use that information to help us analyze how visitors use the Website.  These vendors may use cookies placed on this Website (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and cookies placed on third-party web sites (such as Google advertising cookies), or other third-party identifiers, together, to analyze our Website visitors.
You may deactivate the ability of Google Analytics to analyze your browsing activities on this Website.  To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on provided by Google at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  To learn more about privacy and Google Analytics please consult the Google Analytics overview provided by Google at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
TARGETED ADVERTISING & THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISER USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad servers may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about users of the Website. This may include information about users' behavior on this and other websites to serve them interested-based behavioral advertising. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly. For information on how to opt-out of certain third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad servers, see the Choices section below.
We may also use third-party platforms and technology, including platforms operated by social networks, such as Google and Facebook to show you interest-based ads. These companies have specific Interest-Based Ads programs that match people that have shown interest in Golf Training Aids through our websites, stores or other services with users on their platforms and properties. If we participate in these programs, we convert your personal information (which may include name, email address or telephone number) or other information into a unique value which can be matched by those third parties with a user on their platform or with other data they may have collected from you. This matching allows us to deliver interest-based ads to users of these platforms. To opt-out of these ads, you must change your advertising preferences for those third-party platforms. You can manage your preferences for these advertising programs by clicking on the following relevant links: for Facebook click here, for Google click here. These platforms may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To manage your account.
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request.
To process your transaction.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
For online promotions and interactive user content.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
To tailor ads displayed to you based on your interests and history with us.
Respond to your inquiries.
For any other purpose with your consent.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Golf Training Aids's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Golf Training Aids is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Golf Training Aids, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
DATA TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be transferred to countries other than the country in which it was originally collected and your personal information may be processed and stored outside of your country of residence. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country of residence and your personal information will be subject to applicable foreign laws. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address, cell phone number or other contact information used by the Company to promote our own or our third-party partner’s products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form) or at any other time by sending us an e-mail stating your request to orders@golftrainingaids.com. If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you can tell us not to send you promotional e-mail by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the emails you receive from us.  If you no longer wish to receive text messages, you can text STOP to the five digit short code for the text messaging program from which you no longer wish to receive messages (i.e., the five digit number from which the text messages are being sent).
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.  However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. To learn more about advertising networks and to opt out of interest-based advertising, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
REVIEWING, UPDATING AND MODIFYING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You may request to review, change or delete your personal information by sending an email to orders@golftrainingaids.com.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, we may link to third-party content, applications, or websites on our website. This third-party content has their own privacy practices. This privacy policy does not describe how these third parties collect and use data.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use many different measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. For example, your Personal Information is contained behind secured networks, and is encrypted when transmitted to us via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, to try and keep the information secure. We regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. Our Website is hosted by Shopify Inc., a platform for online merchants. For more information about Shopify’s privacy practices, please see the privacy policy here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
SHOPPERS' RIGHTS
Golf Training Aids supports Shoppers’ rights in the following ways:
Transparency. Shoppers’ rights relating to transparency are supported through the full and clear disclosure of the processing and storage of Shopper’s information, and the Purposes thereof, in this Privacy Policy.
Access, Rectification, and Deletion. If you are located in the EEA, you have certain rights under European law with respect to your personal data, including the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data. You may request to review, change or delete your personal information by sending an email to orders@golftrainingaids.com.
Breaches. Golf Training Aids shall notify its users in the event of any breach or unauthorized access to Shoppers’ PII of the following information: the existence and nature of such breach, our DPO, possible or likely consequences, and measures taken to address or, where possible, mitigate the breach.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website, and where appropriate, by other means.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about your personal information or this policy, please contact us by email at orders@golftrainingaids.com, or by using the contact details below:
Golf Training Aids LLC8080 Belvedere Rd Suite 1West Palm Beach, FL 33411 United States 1-800-367-4279
Copyright © 2020 Golf Training Aids All Rights Reserved
Sample Product
Add to cart
Product successfully added to your Shopping Cart
Continue Shopping
Proceed to Checkout