https://www.herbalfire.com/terms-conditions/
Herbal Fire Botanicals
My Cart 0 items: $0.00
My Account
Checkout
Log In
Search:
Search
Advanced Search
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using http://www.herbalfire.com ("the Site") operated by Greenline LTD. ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at http://www.herbalfire.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual PropertyThe Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Greenline LTD. and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
TerminationWe may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other SitesOur Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by HerbalFire.com
HerbalFire.com has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing LawThis Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This AgreementWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Some of the information on the site is taken directly from Simon's Legal High Blog
Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
For more information about Privacy and Refund Policy, please visit:
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Additional Terms and Conditions; EULAsWhen you use G2A Pay services provided by G2A.COM Limited (hereinafter referred to as the "G2A Pay services provider") to make a purchase on our website, responsibility over your purchase will first be transferred to G2A.COM Limited before it is delivered to you. G2A Pay services provider assumes primary responsibility, with our assistance, for payment and payment related customer support. The terms between G2A Pay services provider and customers who utilize services of G2A Pay are governed by separate agreements and are not subject to the Terms on this website.
With respect to customers making purchases through G2A Pay services provider checkout, (i) the Privacy Policy of G2A Pay services provider shall apply to all payments and should be reviewed before making any purchase, and (ii) the G2A Pay services provider Refund Policy shall apply to all payments unless notice is expressly provided by the relevant supplier to buyers in advance. In addition the purchase of certain products may also require shoppers to agree to one or more End-User License Agreements (or "EULAs") that may include additional terms set by the product supplier rather than by Us or G2A Pay services provider. You will be bound by any EULA that you agree to.
We and/or entities that sell products on our website by using G2A Pay services are primarily responsible for  warranty, maintenance, technical or product support services for those Products. We and/or entities that sell products on our website are primarily responsible to users for any liabilities related to fulfillment of orders, and EULAs entered into by the End-User Customer. G2A Pay services provider is primarily responsible for facilitating your payment.
You are responsible for any fees, taxes or other costs associated with the purchase and delivery of your items resulting from charges imposed by your relationship with payment services providers or the duties and taxes imposed by your local customs officials or other regulatory body.
For customer service inquiries or disputes, You may contact us by email at support@herbalfire.com
Questions related to payments made through G2A Pay services provider payment should be addressed to support@g2a.com.
Where possible, we will work with You and/or any user selling on our website, to resolve any disputes arising from your purchase.
Customer Service
Customer Service:Send Online MessageOur Email Address:support@herbalfire.comTrace Your Order:Click Here
Most Popular
White Lotus :: Nymphaea alba
Sencha Premium :: Japanese Green Tea
Palo Santo, Holy wood :: Bulnesia sarmienti
Maca Roots :: Lepidium Meyenii
Ginkgo :: Ginkgo biloba
Eucalyptus
Coriander Seed :: Coriandrum sativum
Chamomile :: Matricaria chamomilla
Bee Pollen
Company Information
About Us
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Affiliate Program
Customer Service
Shipping & Delivery
Security & Privacy
Payment
Returns & Replacements
Money Back Guarantee
Contact Us
Great Link
Ethnobotany at Wikipedia
Discalaimer: The products and statements on our site have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition.
Site Map
Affiliates
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
© 2016 Herbal Fire Botanicals