http://www.fantasyglassworks.com/privacy.htm
ApothecaryJars
Beer Mugs &Pilsner Glasses
BeverageGlasses
BrandyGlasses
ChampagneFlutes
CoffeeMugs
Decanters & Pitchers
Decanter &Pitcher Sets
HomeDecor
Margarita &Martini Glasses
Pet RelatedStuff
PictureFrames
ShotGlasses
WhiskeyGlasses
WineGlasses
U.S. StateWhiskey Glasses
Designs
Fonts
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Effective December 1, 1999 Amended February 10, 2000 Re-Amended March 7, 2001 Re-Amended March 1, 2004 Re-Amended March 10, 2005
Our Commitment To Privacy: Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information
is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Fantasy Glassworks website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information
collected at these pages are:
Name Address
Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information
collected are:
Name Address
Email address Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information
you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. If you wish to view,
correct or update any personally identifiable information that we maintain, please call or text (815) 964-2080 from 8:00 am to 4:00 pm CST. So we can uniquely identify you, please have your latest order number available.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y
number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated
uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Fantasy
Glassworks uses the services of BlueHost and Comodo Positive SSL Certificate to provide the highest level of secure online transactions. BlueHost maintains their own privacy and security policies. If you have any questions about these
services, or how they handle the information they receive, please see http://www.bluehost.com.
Fantasy Glassworks ships all packages via UPS and utilizes UPS WorldShip software to facilitate the shipping procedure. If you have any questions about these services, or how they handle the information they receive, please see
http://www.ups.com/content/us/en/resources/ship/terms/privacy.html?WT.svl=Footer.
Fantasy Glassworks also uses the services of Moneris Solutions to provide the highest level of secure credit card processing. This program maintains it's own privacy and security policies. If you have any questions about these
services, or how they handle the information they receive, please see Moneris Solutions web site.
Fantasy Glassworks provides links to external sites as a convenience to the user. The inclusion of any link does not imply Fantasy Glassworks endorsement of the external site company, its web site, or the products and services
it promotes and sells. Fantasy Glassworks is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured
to attract anyone under 13.
BBBOnLine®
Privacy Program:
We also participate in the Council of Better Business Bureau's BBBOnLine® Privacy Program, and comply with all the BBBOnLine Privacy standards. Further information about this program is available at
http://www.bbb.org/online.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call or text us at (815) 964-2080 or send us an email at
info@fantasyglassworks.com
Bulk Orders
Our discount schedule is based on dollar amount - this leaves you free to choose as many different types of glasses as you like and still receive the discount.
Learn More ›
Personalize
We offer (for a small additional charge) over 175 designs that can be added, along with text, to our personalized glasses. Or you can get your company logo or custom design engraved,
please see our
Custom Design Instructions page for more information.
Learn More ›
Drink Recipes
Just for fun, here are various drink recipes grouped by main ingredient.
Learn More ›
Blog
Jan 18, 2014 - All About Scotch
Nov 23, 2013 - All About Beer
Nov 16, 2013 - Get to know Fantasy Glassworks Inspiration failing you? We offer various quotes
that can be put on most glasses.
Privacy Policy
Fantasy Glassworks ©2018