https://www.abbeyspring.com/privacy-policy/
Bottleless Water Coolers
Bottled Water Coolers
Reverse Osmosis Filtration Systems
Hydrotech/Aqua Flo Reverse Osmosis Systems
Vertex Reverse Osmosis Systems
BevGuard Commercial Grade Systems
BevGuard Filters
BevGuard Manifolds
Replacement Water Filters
Parts & Accessories
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, Just email or call asking to be removed from future emails.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 3/25/2011
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.abbeyspring.com
1583 Rose Ave
Santa Rosa, California 95407
USA
S.Steineck@abbeyspring.com
707-545-0278
Don't Know Which Replacement Filters You Need?
Send Us a Picture of Your
Water Filtration System and We'll Tell You!
Call UsE-Mail