https://www.artshades.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Sarah Walker ArtShades
sarah@artshades.co.uk
My Account
Checkout
Basket
0 Items
Home
About
FAQs Lamp Sizes and Prices Events
Gallery
Half Lampshades
Half Shade Table Lamps Half Shade Wall Lights
Drum Lampshades
Drum Shade Table Lamps Drum Shade Floor Lamps Drum Shade Ceiling Pendants
Map Lampshades
Map Shade Table Lamps Map Shade Wall Lights Map Shade Floor Lamps Map Shade Ceiling Pendants
How to Buy
Patterned Half-Shade Table Lamp Patterned Half-Shade Wall Light Patterned Drum Shade Map Half-Shade Table Lamp Map Drum Table Lamp Map Drum Shade Map Wall Shade
Design Library
Abstract Designs Floral Designs Striped Designs
Blog
Shop
Select Page
×
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Sarah Walker ArtShades uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this website.
Sarah Walker ArtShades is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Sarah Walker ArtShades may change this policy at any time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 4 May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
• name
• contact information including email address
• demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
• other information relevant to fulfilling an order or enquiry
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and, in particular, for the following reasons:
• To respond to an enquiry or fulfill an order
• For internal record keeping
• To improve our products and services.
• To send promotional emails about new products, special offers, events or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
• whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you would like to subscribe to our monthly newsletters to receive exclusive offers, details of new products and forthcoming events
• if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us at Sarah Walker ArtShades, 80 Wells Road, Malvern, Worcs WR14 4PA, emailing us at sarah@artshades.co.uk or unsubscribing using the option at the foot of any email newsletter you receive from us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we are required by law to do so.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to: Sarah Walker ArtShades, 80 Wells Road, Malvern, Worcs WR14 4PA.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Product Search×
Subscribe to my newsletterJoin my mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from ArtShades.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!
No spam - easy to unsubscribe
Search× Events There are no upcoming events at this time.
Contact
Postage and Packing
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Sarah Walker ArtShades
Selsdon House
80 Wells Road
Malvern
Worcestershire
WR14 4PA
© Sarah Walker Artshades | Website design and hosting by Top Spin Web Design
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Privacy Preference Center
Options
Consent Management
Consent Management
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
ON
OFF
You read and agreed to our Privacy Policy.
OK