http://www.pretty-piercing.com/privacy.html
Pretty-Piercing.com
Home
Login
Register
Note:
Free shipping for any order that exceeds $30 to all USA customers.
Call us at . Or you can send us questions via contact form.
Shopping cart
Empty
Privacy Policy
In order to comply with international standards, and to inform our visitors and clients on our privacy policy at Pretty-Piercing.com we include this page.
Privacy Notice and Conditions of Use
We value the privacy of our visitors, and although we do track visits to our website, we merely track to ascertain where our visitors come from, or were referred from, and this information is never used for any other purpose other than for our own statistical purposes.
Electronic mail
Any mail sent to us, is private, and your address will never be used, or sold to any mailing list. When you visit us or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You hereby consent to receive communications from us electronically when sending any query to us.
We will communicate with you by e-mail and you hereby agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Newsletters
If you however decide to join our affiliated company's FREE newsletter service, you may do so, and they will also not sell, rent or make available your mailing address to any other party.
Free information
When you request free information from our websites, via auto-responder, you agree to receive our FREE monthly newsletter, but you are also entitled to request to be unsubscribed from the FREE monthly newsletter.
Shopping cart
The shopping cart used for buying from us, uses cookies to make your shopping experience more personalized, and are only used to save you time when visiting again.
When ordering, a note is made of the IP address from which the order was placed, and this is done for the security of the credit card holder.
Should we find that anybody tries to use a credit card fraudulently, a case of fraud may
be opened and handed over to Interpol, to prosecute the matter in any country of the world in which they have representation, and where the attempted fraudulent action took place.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Pretty-Piercing.com or its content suppliers, or the property of writers in which the copyright is vested and protected.
The layout, intellectual properties and all content on this site is the exclusive property of Pretty-Piercing.com and protected by US and International copyright laws.
All software used on this site is the property of Pretty-Piercing.com or its software suppliers and protected by International copyright laws.
License
Pretty-Piercing.com grants you a partial license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion thereof, except with express written consent of Pretty-Piercing.com or its holding company.
Pretty-Piercing.com forbids that any portion of this site may to be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, re-sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Pretty-Piercing.com or its holding company.
You are also prohibited and forbidden to frame and/or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form).
The use of the meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Pretty-Piercing.com names or trademarks are prohibited without the express written consent of Pretty-Piercing.com
or its holding company.
Any unauthorized use, or attempted unauthorized use terminates the permission or partial license granted by Pretty-Piercing.com.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of this site so long as the link does not portray this site, its holding company, affiliates, or products and/or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner.
You may also not use any logos, or images belonging to this site or its holding company or any other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from this site are made pursuant to a shipment contract and/or contract made between this site and its shipping company and this means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
General
If you have any concern about the way we treat your privacy, please call us a complete description of your query to phone, and we will try to resolve it.
Since our business changes constantly, this Notice and the Conditions of Use also change, so you are requested to look at this page at intervals should you wish to keep up to date with any changes.
If you have any questions, please contact us
Catalog
Rings and Barbells
Belly Button Rings
Captive Bead Rings
Nipple Rings & Shields
Circular Barbells
Curved Barbells
Straight Barbells
Spiral Barbells
Studs & Screws
Nose Screws & Studs
Labret Studs
Ear Studs
Retainers & Expanders
Retainers
Claws & Talons
Pinchers & Buffalo
Piercing Tusks
Flesh Tunnels
Piercing Expanders
Type Piercing
Eyebrow Piercing
Ear Piercing
Nipple piercing
Navel Piercing
Nose piercing
Lip piercing
Tongue piercing
Male piercing
Female piercing
Material
Solid gold
Gold plated
Silver
Titanium
Blackline
Stainless Steel
Acrylic
Organic
PTFE material
Special
Tools & Accessories
Internally Threaded
Large gauge
Shipping Rates | Return Policy | Conditions of Use | Privacy | Contact Us
Copyright (c) 2002-2020 Pretty-Piercing.com All rights reserved