http://www.icelebratediversity.com/pages/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
This website – http://www.icelebratediversity.com (the "Site") is being made available to you free-of-charge. The terms "you", "your", and "yours" refer to anyone accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Site. The term “iCelebrateDiversity.com,” "iMeltingpot.com," “DiversityJellybeans.com”, “DiversityBeans.com”, "we," "us," and "our" refer to iMelingpot.com, LLC, dba iCelebrateDiversity.com together with its affiliates and subsidiaries. We reserve the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time and to revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time as we see fit. As such, you should check these Terms and Conditions periodically. Changes will not apply to any orders we have already accepted unless the law requires. If you violate any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions you will have your access canceled and you may be permanently banned from accessing, viewing, browsing and using the Site. Your accessing, viewing, browsing and/or using the Site after we post changes to these Terms and Conditions constitutes your acceptance and agreement to those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them. At the bottom of this page, we will notify you of the date these Terms and Conditions were last updated.
Entering the Site will constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not enter the Site.
ABOUT US
This Site is operated by iCelebrateDiversity.com. We are a company incorporated in Oklahoma, USA.
DISCRIMINATION
We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy & Security Policy, which also governs your visit to the Site. To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of the Privacy and Security Policy and the Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions shall govern.
COPYRIGHT
You acknowledge that the Site contains information, data, photographs, videos, typefaces, graphics, and other material (collectively "Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights in databases and/or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws, and we own a copyright and/or database right in the selection, coordination, arrangement, presentment and enhancement of such Content. You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from or adaptations of, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal use and that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the U.S. copyright laws (see, e.g., 17 U.S.C. Section 107), your legal rights in relation to "fair dealing" under European copyright law, or your legal rights under any other similar copyright law, you may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other proprietary right.
Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the Site or any information displayed on the Site, through the use of framing, deep linking or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions; or (b) with our prior written permission or the prior written permission from such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of information displayed on the Site.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT
We rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party Content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, "Associates") who supply some of the goods advertised on the Site and, in some cases, drop ship them directly to our customers. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, we are not liable for any infringement of copyrights, trademarks, trade dress or other proprietary or intellectual property rights arising out of Content posted on or transmitted through the Site, or items advertised on the Site, by our Associates. If you believe that your rights under intellectual property laws are being violated by any Content posted on or transmitted through the Site, or items advertised on the Site, please contact us promptly so that we may investigate the situation and, if appropriate, block or remove the offending Content and/or advertisements. It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Site. In order for us to investigate your claim of infringement, you must provide us with the following information:
1. An electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
2. A description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you believe has been infringed;
3. A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located or identified on the Site;
4. Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
5. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
6. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information submitted to us is accurate and that you are the owner of the copyright or intellectual property or authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or intellectual property.
The above information should be provided to our agent for notice of claims of copyright or other intellectual property infringement, who can be reached as follows:
By mail:
Copyright Agent c/o iCelebrateDiversity.com 14400 Heritage Place
Edmond, OK  73013
By phone:
(866) 458-7398
TRADEMARKS
iCelebrateDiversity.com, DiversityJellybeans.com, DiversityBeans.com and other marks which may or may not be designated on the Site by a "™" "®" "SM" or other similar designation, are registered, pending or unregistered trademarks or service marks of iCelebrateDiversity.com, in the United States and other countries. Our graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of iCelebrateDiversity.com. iCelebrateDiversity.com’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not iCelebrateDiversity.com’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers or in any manner that disparages or discredits iCelebrateDiversity.com. All other trademarks not owned by us that appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by iCelebrateDiversity.com.
SITE ACCESS
You may not download (other than page caching) or modify the Site or any portion of it without our express, prior written consent. This includes: a prohibition on any resale or commercial use of the Site or its Content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use or making adaptations of the Site or its Content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; and any use of data mining, screen-scraping, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The Site or any portion of the Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express, prior written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of iCelebrateDiversity.com or its Associates without our express, prior written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express, prior written consent.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you submit through "My Account" and the corresponding password, and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under "My Account" or password. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts and to remove or edit content submitted by you in the "My Account" area of the Site.
EXPORT
The U.S. export control laws regulate the export and re-export of technology originating in the United States. This includes the electronic transmission of information and software to foreign countries and to certain foreign nationals. You agree to abide by these laws and regulations.
PATENT LICENSING
Portions of the Site may be covered by one or more patents, including U.S. Patent No. 6,330,592.
LINKS
We are not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or from the Site or any bulletin board associated with us or the Site. These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Unless otherwise noted, any other website accessed from the Site is independent from us, and we have no control over the content of that other website. In addition, a link to any other website does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such other website.
In no event shall any reference to any third party or third party product or service be construed as our approval or endorsement of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
The Site is provided on an "AS IS," "as available" basis. Neither iCelebrateDiversit.com, nor its Associates warrant that use of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free. Neither iCelebrateDiversity.com, nor its Associates warrant the accuracy, integrity, or completeness of the Content provided on the Site, or the products or services offered for sale on the Site. Further, iCelebrateDiversity.com makes no representation that Content provided on the Site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United States. iCelebrateDiversity.com specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability or warranties of fitness for a particular purpose. No oral advice or written information given by iCelebrateDiversity.com or its Associates shall create a warranty. You expressly agree that your access to, viewing of, browsing, visiting or use of the Site is at your sole risk.
Under no circumstances shall iCelebrateDiversity.com or its Associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the Site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at the Site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to iCelebrateDiversity.com records, programs or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply whether in an action at law, including but not limited to contract, negligence, or other tortious action; or an action in equity, even if an authorized representative of iCelebrateDiversity.com has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages. You hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all Content, merchandise and services available through the Site. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Although we take steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of product and third-party service descriptions posted on the Site, please refer to the manufacturer or Associates for details.
The products on our Site are intended for personal, not commercial or business use, unless otherwise indicated. As such, you assume the risk when purchasing products for a commercial or business use or application.
ONLINE CONDUCT
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racial, ethnic, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that is or that encourages fraudulent activity or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, federal, or international law. You agree not to harass, advocate harassment, or to engage in any conduct that is abusive to any person or entity. You are prohibited from sending or otherwise posting unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) through the Site. If we are notified of or suspect allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive User Content provided by you (e.g., through an author chat, online review, or participation in our Community tab), we may (but without any obligation) investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such User Content from the Site. We may disclose any User Content or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Site; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of iCelebrateDiversity.com, its Associates, our users and customers and/or you.
We reserve the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or Content that we deem in our sole discretion to be unlawful or harmful to you, the Site, Site users, our customers or any rights of iCelebrateDiversity.com or any third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither iCelebrateDiversity.com nor its Associates can ensure prompt removal of questionable Content after online posting. Accordingly, neither iCelebrateDiversity.com, nor its Associates assume any liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or Content on the Site.
YOUR USER CONTENT POSTED ON THE SITE
For any information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material (collectively "User Content"), sent, transmitted, or uploaded by you on the Site, you agree to grant (i) us and our respective contractors and business partners a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, fully paid up, worldwide license in perpetuity to use, copy, publicly perform, digitally perform, publicly display, and distribute such User Content and to prepare derivative works based on, or incorporate into other works, such User Content, with or without attribution; and (ii) subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms and Conditions, all users an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to use such User Content for each user's personal, non-commercial use. You understand that all your User Content may be visible to, sent to, and viewed by all other users of the Site, and you expressly waive any privacy rights you may otherwise have to your User Content. You agree to allow us, if we elect in our sole discretion, to email your User Content to other users.
You are solely responsible for your User Content and for the resolution of any disputes that arise between you and any other entity or individual because of your User Content. You agree not to post, upload, or transmit any User Content that violates the intellectual property rights of any third party including: copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, publicity or privacy rights, or any other proprietary right of any party. You understand and agree that we do not monitor but reserve the right to review and delete any User Content for any or no reason, including but not limited to User Content that, in our sole discretion, (i) violates these Terms and Conditions, (ii) is offensive or illegal, or (iii) may harm, violate the rights of or threaten the safety of any User and/or any other individual or entity.
YOUR CONSENT FOR NOTICES WE SEND YOU
You agree that we have the right to send you certain information in connection with the Site. We may send you this and any other information in electronic form to the e-mail address you specified when you created an account through the Site or with any subdivisions of the Site such as Community, etc. You may have the right to withdraw this consent under applicable law, but if you do, we may cancel your rights to the Site. Notices provided to you via e-mail will be deemed given and received on the transmission date of the e-mail. As long as you access and use the Site, you agree that you will have, or have access to, the necessary software and hardware to receive such notices. If you do not consent to receive any notices electronically, you agree to stop using or accessing the Site.
TERMINATION OF USAGE
We may terminate your access or suspend your right to access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law, is in breach of these Terms and Conditions or is harmful to the interests of other users, Associates, or us. In addition, we reserve the right to refuse an order from any customer in our sole discretion.
USAGE BY MINORS
This Site is not intended for or directed to persons who are minors (typically persons under the age of 18, depending on where you live). Because we cannot prohibit minors from accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Site, we must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising minors to decide which materials are appropriate for minors to view and/or purchase. By registering with this Site, purchasing products from us or providing us with any information, you represent to us that you are legally permitted to enter into a binding contract (18 years of age or older in most jurisdictions) or, if you are under the legal age of consent, you have the express permission from your parent or guardian and that any information you provide to us is not inaccurate, deceptive or misleading.
We require that all purchases be made either (i) by individuals who are not minors and who can legally enter into binding contracts (typically persons 18 years of age or older, depending on where you live), or (ii) by minors with the permission of a parent or guardian to purchase items on the Site.
APPLICABLE LAW
If you access the Site from anywhere in the United States or Canada, you agree that the laws of the State of Oklahoma, USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and iCelebrateDiversity.com and/or its Associates.
DISPUTES
If you access the Site from within the United States or Canada, any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site, to these Terms and Conditions, to our Privacy and Security Policy, to our advertising or solicitation practices or to products you purchase through the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate iCelebrateDiversity.com's intellectual property rights, iCelebrateDiversity.com may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Oklahoma, USA and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to these Terms and Conditions, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our Privacy and Security Policy, Shipping and Delivery Policy, and all other policies posted on the Site, all of which are incorporated herein by this reference. These incorporated policies also govern your visit to the Site. We reserve the right to make changes to the Site, any incorporated policies, and these Terms and Conditions at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
HOW TO ORDER THROUGH THE SITE
After placing an order, you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we have received your order ("Order Confirmation"). Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a product. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email confirming the shipment of your order (the "Shipping Confirmation"). A contract with us will only be formed when we send you the Shipping Confirmation. The contract will relate only to those products whose shipment we have confirmed in the Shipping Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other products which may have been part of your order in a separate Order Confirmation. We reserve the right to cancel your order at any time before we have accepted it and we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order where there has been an obvious error in price or where the product is no longer in our or our third party fulfillment provider's inventory.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS
Prices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected when discovered. Our Site contains a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed on our Site may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the product to you. If a product's correct price is higher than the price stated on our Site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection. We are under no obligation to provide the product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you an Order Confirmation or a Shipping Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognized by you as a pricing error.
On occasion, you may be able to place a product in your shopping cart and submit your order for processing, but your order is subsequently cancelled due to unavailability of product. You acknowledge that products may sell quickly and there may be a short period of time after an order has been submitted, but where the product is no longer available. You agree that we may cancel your order after you have received an Order Confirmation without penalty.
On very rare occasions, you may receive a Shipping Confirmation from us, but the product is no longer available in our or our third party fulfillment provider's inventory. You agree that we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order without penalty if we are unable to ship the product you ordered due to unavailability.
NOTICE TO SITE USERS ON COLLECTION OF TAX AND USER WAIVER OF DAMAGES OWING TO ERROR IN CALCULATION OF TAX
In states where we have no physical presence, we are not required to collect and remit sales tax for Site purchases. However, many states require that their residents file a sales or use tax return for items purchased on this Site. You should consult your state and local tax laws to determine compliance with tax laws and regulations in your area. In some states we collect and remit sales tax. For purchases where sales tax is applicable you will see the tax calculated on the checkout page before you are asked to confirm the purchase. We use reasonable commercial efforts to calculate and remit the correct amount of tax required on each taxable purchase, but we do not guarantee the accuracy of the amount of the tax we represent to you as the tax owed. Minor errors may occur owing to the inability to accurately track multiple taxing districts, state and local “tax holidays,” the timing of rate changes or the application of certain taxes to categories of items we sell. As a result of any error, we may overcollect or undercollect your tax. In consideration of our allowing you access to and use of the Site, and in collecting and remitting taxes required on your purchases, you hereby waive your right to claim that the tax collected on any purchase is incorrect in any respect and agree to hold harmless iCelebrateDiversity.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives, for any harm or other damages you may incur as a result of our error in calculating the taxes you owe for your purchases.
SHIPPING
The term shipping or ship includes the commencement of shipping items in an order for multiple purchases or where the item purchased consists of components that must be shipped separately. For example, your order may consist of (1) several different items, (2) a quantity of the same item, or, (3) a single item with several component parts the size of which might require them to be shipped in separate packages. In all such orders, we endeavor to ship out individual packages together so that they arrive at the same time; however, when that is not possible, we commence shipping by shipping individual packages in the order the soonest they are available and conditions permit. In these instances, our notification to you that your order has ”shipped,” marks the time when shipping has commenced; it does not mean that all items in the order have shipped at that time. All packages sent have a separate tracking number and may be followed on the Order Status page. You agree that credit cards and debit cards are to be charged on the date of inventory reservation for the order, not the date of shipping.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from iCelebrateDiversity.com are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon tender of the item to the carrier.
ICELEBRATEDIVERSITY.COM'S MOBILE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The following terms and conditions apply to all Mobile services provided by iCelebrateDiversity.com among others (collectively, "the Service") and are intended as a supplement to the iCelebrateDiversity.com Terms and Conditions (collectively "Terms and Conditions"). Where there is a conflict, these terms and conditions shall apply to the Service. Note that the Service may not be available or accessible in your location. Subscribing to the Service will constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not subscribe to the Service.
SERVICE DESCRIPTION
iCelebrateDiversity.com provides downloadable mobile applications, exclusive deal offerings, graphics, and other information or data via the internet, SMS, MMS, WAP, BREW and other means of mobile content delivery to compatible mobile devices. In order to use the Service, you must have a mobile communications subscription with a participating carrier or otherwise have access to a mobile communications network for which iCelebrateDiversity.com makes the Service available, as well as any carrier services necessary to download content, and pay any service fees associated with any such access. In addition, you must provide compatible, functioning equipment and software necessary to connect to the Service, including, but not limited to, a mobile handset or other mobile access device. You are responsible for ensuring that your equipment and/or software are compatible with and do not disturb or interfere with carrier operations. Any equipment or software causing interference or creating unreasonable inefficiencies within the Service and/or placing an undue burden or load on the infrastructure or operation of the Service may be immediately disconnected from the Service and iCelebrateDiversity.com shall have the right to immediately terminate your subscription. If any upgrade in or to the Service requires changes in your equipment or software, you must effect these changes at your own expense if you desire to maintain your access to the Service. Unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new or additional features released to augment or enhance the current Service, including the release of new products and/or services shall be subject to these Terms and Conditions.
SPECIAL TERMS FOR OUR NON-U.S. CUSTOMERS
Non-U.S. Pricing
Pricing of products available for purchase by non-U.S. customers may vary by country and from our prices for our U.S. customers, owing to the inclusion of all or a portion of shipping, taxes, duties and imports factored into the price of the product.
Delivery Times
Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Shipping Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then within a reasonable time of the date of the Shipping Confirmation, which could in exceptional circumstances be longer than 30 days.
Disclaimers of Warranty and Limitations of Liability
To all international customers only, we warrant to you that, where you buy a product as a consumer, any product purchased from us through our Site is of satisfactory quality and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which products of the kind are commonly supplied and will conform with description or sample.
Our liability for losses any international customer suffers as a result of us breaking these Terms and Conditions or anything else we do or do not do in connection with any order is strictly limited to the purchase price of the product you purchased and any losses which are a foreseeable consequence of us breaking the Terms and Conditions. Losses are foreseeable where they could reasonably be contemplated by the parties at the time your order is accepted by us.
We are not responsible for indirect losses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable, including but not limited to: (a) loss of income or revenue; (b) loss of business; (c) loss of profits or contracts; (d) loss of anticipated savings; (e) loss of data; or (f) waste of management or office time however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise.This does not in any way limit or exclude any liability of us (a) under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987; (b) for breach of any condition as to title or quiet enjoyment implied by section 12 Sale of Goods Act 1979 or section 2 Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982; (c) for death or personal injury caused by our negligence; or (d) for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Other than the warranties and other assurances we give you in these Terms and Conditions, iCelebrateDiversity.com specifically disclaims all warranties, conditions and other terms of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to implied terms of satisfactory quality or fitness for purpose. No oral advice or written information given by iCelebrateDiversity.com shall create a warranty (unless made fraudulently).
Applicable Law
If you access the Site from anywhere other than the United States or Canada, you agree that English law will govern these Terms and Conditions and the purchase of products by you through the Site, and that any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and iCelebrateDiversity.com or its affiliates and subsidiaries shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
These Terms and Conditions were last revised and made effective as of December 9, 2011.
Home
/ Terms & Conditions
Shipping, Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
About Us
Blog
Copyright © 2020 iCelebrateDiversity.
.