http://www.glasshouseworks.com/privacy-policy
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account
Wish List (0)My AccountShopping CartCheckout
Shopping Cart
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Tropicals & House Plants
Succulents
Perennials
Plant Themes
Aquatic Plants
Bonsai
Color Purple
Fairy Gardens
Ferns
Fragrant Plants
Gittin' Religion
Hummingbirds & Butterflies
Kid's Plants
Standards & Topiary
Succulent Wreaths
Terrarium Plants
The Black Garden
The Gold Garden
The Silver Garden
The White Garden
Tropical Bulbs
Tropical Herbs
Tropical Look
Wardian Case Plants
Winter Bloomers
Zoo & Animal Plants
Collections
General Theme Collections
Succulent and Desert Plant Collections
Tropical Flower & Foliage Collections
Tropical Look/Color Collections
Winter Hardy Flower & Foliage Collections
All Plants
Garden Art & Supplies
Garden Supplies
Classic Garden Art
Chinese Garden Art
African Art
Statuary
Ceramics
Wood Carvings
Tiffany Stained Glass
Christine Freeman Leafstones
Windchimes
Odds & Ends
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience. Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service. Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails. The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. Parts of your supplied financial information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, no private financial information will be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information)
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging in and editting their account information.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.glasshouseworks.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 07/04/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
GlasshouseWorks.com
P.O. Box 97
Stewart, Ohio 45778-0097
United States
740-662-2142
Continue
Glasshouse Works
The Glasshouse Works greenhouses is a mailorder nursery specializing in rare and exotic hardy and tropical plants from around the world. We are your source for plants both traditional and unusual. Variegated plants are our specialty.
Church Street, P.O. Box 97
Stewart, OH 45778-0097
Tel: 740-662-2142
store@glasshouseworks.com
currently closed to the public.
Facebook
Information
About Us
Ordering Details & Shipping Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Friends of Glasshouse Works
Customer Service
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Site Map
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Glasshouse Works © 2020