http://www.lavendersoflondon.com/terms-conditions
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. Continuing to use this site signifies your implied consent to the use of Cookies - pressing the “I Agree button” will remove this notice. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our "Privacy & Cookies" policy in the footer of the site.I Agree
HomeThe WarehouseHireTradeDeliveryOpening TimesContact Us
Terms & Conditions
Introduction:These terms and conditions govern your use of our website, by using our website your accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any past of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website. You must be at least 18 years of age to use our website.
By using our website and agreeing to these terms and conditions you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
By placing an order on the Lavenders Of London website you are agreeing to the terms and condition of sale Usted below.
Goods And Services: Lavenders Of London warrants that all goods promoted for sale ase of satisfactory quality. Sizes, specifications, images and ideal uses are not intended to be binding and are only intended to give a general description and possible use of the product. Lavenders Of London does not take responsibility for produc. not meeting the exact dimensions and specifications listed on the website.
All product images are for illustrative purposes only, Lavenders Of London does not take responsibility for the product not meeting the exact specification/colours set out by the product descriptions and imagery.
Pricing, Availability And Information:All prices listed on the website are in pound sterling and inclusive of VAT charged at 20%.
All products offered for sale are subject to availability.
Lavenders Of London reserves the right to make any alterations to the price of the products listed for sale and the delivery chasges on the website without prior notice. In the unlikely event that there is an error in the pricing of the goods on order we will contact you as soon as possible to reconfirm that the price is acceptable before dispatch.
Ordering: When you receive confirmation of your order via email, this is to indicate that we have received your order. This does not indicate that a contract exists between us. A contract will only exist when your order has been accepted and an invoice has been sent to you (This will be enclosed on delivery of your goods).
You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of your orden In the event that an item is unavailable for dispatch, we will contact you as soon as possible. You will be given to choice to cancel/amend your order if you would rather not wait.
Lavenders Of London will always contact you regarding any problems prior to dispatch.
Payment: You may pay using Visa credit, Visa debit, MasterCard credit, MasterCard debit, JCB, Visa electron or maestro. No other forms of payment are accepted.
Blog News
Mar02
News
Sunday Dates for 2020
APRIL 5TH 2020
MAY 3RD 2020
JUNE 7TH 2020
JULY 5TH 2020
AUGUST 2ND 2020
SEPEMBER 6TH 2020
OCTOBER 4TH 2020
NOVEMBER 1ST 2020
NOVEMBER 15TH 2020
DECEMBER 6TH 2020
DECEMBER 13TH 2020
Mar02
Sunday opening dates 2020
APRIL 5TH          SEPTEMBER 6TH
MAY 3RD            OCTOBER 4TH
JUNE 7TH           NOVEMBER 1ST & 15TH
JULY 5TH.           DECEMBER 6TH & 13TH
AUGUST 2ND
Delivery Worldwide
We can deliver anywhere in the World. Uk customers can order online. If you are outside the uk and would like to order some of of lovely itmes email us what you are looking to buy and quanties and we will be able to get you a shipping cost.
Info@lavendersoflondon.com
Can't Find what you are looking for ?
Want to speak to somebody
Give us a call
0203 - 764 2810
Testimonials
"This place is the best the different things to buy are endless and quality is great best of all are the prices xx Thank You Lavenders of London" - Dee Slade
"Lovely staff, so helpful, great choice of stuff to plan a event. Brilliant customer service thank you so much for all your help today xx" - Sian Fishenden
"Fantastic service and very nice people. Thank you for your help and advice." - Sarah Tiffin
See more reviews on our Facebook page.
Social Media & Partners
Lavenders of London LtdAs featured on
Copyright © 2015 Lavenders of London is a trading name of Wilfred Whittingtons Ltd | All Rights Reserved | info@lavendersoflondon.com | Registered office: 6 Forest Road, Loughborough, LE11 3NP | Registered in England | Company Number 612790 |Site Designed and Supported by VISAV
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies