http://www.a-rocking-horse-to-love.com/privacy_policy.html
A Rocking Horse To Love
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Winter Marketing USA Corp. is a US corporation doing business as A Rocking Horse To Love, www.A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love.com, and is owned by a Canadian corporation, Winter Marketing Inc.
Our Commitment to Online Security
A Rocking Horse To Love respects the privacy of our visitors and is committed to the highest possible privacy standards. All physical, electronic and managerial procedures are structured to protect the security of your personal information. Billing information transmitted by www.A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love.com is encrypted for the safety of your private information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology supporting 128-bit encryption. All sensitive and account information on this site is password-protected for the privacy and security of our users.In addition, A Rocking Horse To Love is a member of the Hacker Safe Scan-Alert security protection program that tests the web site daily to increase protection against hackers.
All Personally Identified Information gathered on this website is in accordance with the Privacy Policy.
Personal Information Collected Online
In the process of doing business online, A Rocking Horse To Love collects personal information that includes names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses and billing information. Voluntarily submitted personally identifiable information is the only personal information ever collected on this web site. A Rocking Horse To Love does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 18.
How We Use Information Collected Online
We will use your personal information only for the purpose for which you submitted it such as to process and ship orders and to reply to your phone calls and emails. If you choose to receive our newsletters and submit your email address in the appropriate box, that email address will only be used to transmit electronic newsletters to you from A Rocking Horse To Love and will never be used for other purposes.
At any time you can add or remove your name from this list by contacting us at privacy@A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love.com. The email address you enter or give to us on the telephone as part of your order will never be used to send you newsletters or other emails not related to your order.
How Your Information May Be Shared
A Rocking Horse To Love uses the shipping services of many of their wholesalers to ship products directly from wholesalers to customers. It is therefore necessary to submit your shipping name, address and contact phone numbers to the appropriate wholesaler so that your order can be shipped. A Rocking Horse To Love never forwards any of your billing information to wholesalers or any other company unless that information is needed for shipping. Occasionally it is necessary for us to supply the name and address information of the person who placed the order to the person who received the order when the recipient contacts us for help in determining who sent them the gift. None of your personal information will be shared for any other purpose unless it is required by law (for example, a subpoena) or regulation or is requested by a government agency. All information collected on A Rocking Horse To Love will be kept strictly confidential and will never be sold, rented, reused, loaned or disclosed.
Computer Tracking and Cookies
A Rocking Horse To Love does not collect, track or distribute personal information that has not been entered by visitors. Our site logs do generate some non-identifying site usage data to track the total number of visitors to our site, the number of visitors to each page of our site, the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers, and other such technical information. This is technical information that does not identify specific individuals and cannot be used to gather personal information. The data generated in this process is referred to as "non-personally identifiable information". This information is only used for our private purposes of improving our marketing and the functioning of our site.
A Rocking Horse To Love uses a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love uses non-identifying cookies to provide easier site navigation and to help us analyze site usage more accurately.
For instance, our server may set a cookie that keeps you from having to enter a password more than once during a visit to one of our sites. In all cases in which cookies are used, the cookie will not collect personally identifiable information except with your explicit permission. Our cookies do not generate personal data, do not read personal data from your machine and are never tied to anything that could be used to identify you.
If your browser is set to reject cookies, you can still use www.A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love.com.
Testimonials
All customer testimonials and comments displayed on this web site regarding the products sold and/or the services provided by this web site have been submitted in writing to A Rocking Horse To Love.
Third Party Links and Advertisements
A Rocking Horse To Love currently contains links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest that you contact those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
We do not use third party advertising companies to provide advertisements or allow third party advertisers to track your browsing.
Access to Your Information
Upon your request, any of the information we have collected about you will be deleted unless the information is part of a condition of using this web site. No credit card information is collected or stored on our web site. If you request to update, access or delete your information, we will respond to you within ten business days. You may be asked to verify your identity before we provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information.
In the event of a Merger or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger of A Rocking Horse To Love with another company, all information held by A Rocking Horse To Love would become the property of the new company. In the event of bankruptcy, all information held by A Rocking Horse To Love would be destroyed following the date that such information was no longer required to be maintained.
Problems or Complaints with our Privacy Policy
If you have a complaint about A Rocking Horse To Love's compliance with this privacy policy, you may contact us at privacy@A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love.com.
Revisions to this Privacy Policy
A Rocking Horse To Love reserves the right to revise, modify or amend this privacy policy and other policies and agreements at any time. Notice of revision, modification or amendment will be posted here in this privacy policy and will apply to information collected after the date of such posting.
Protecting Children's Privacy
If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. We encourage parents to go online with their kids.
Here are a few tips to help make a child's online experience safer:
Teach kids never to give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult. Includes name, address, phone, school, etc.
Know the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate.
Look for Web site privacy policies.
Know how your child's information is treated.
For more tips on protecting children's privacy online check out the FTC's site. You can find it at ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/index.html.
To Contact Us:
US address:
Winter Marketing USA Corp.
1621 Cornwall Avenue
Bellingham, WA
98225
Canadian address:
Winter Marketing USA Corp.
800-15355 24th Avenue
Suite 288
Surrey, BC, Canada
V4A 2H9
Email: orders@A-Rocking-Horse-To-Love.com
Toll Free: 1-877-703-2613
Revised September 21, 2009
Search Products:
Advanced Search
Rocking Horses
Natural Wood Horses
Painted Wood Horses
Plush Rocking Horses
Rocking Toys
Toddler Rocking Toys
Plush Rocking Animals
Plush Rocking Dogs
Rocking Vehicles
Kids Furniture
All Kids Furniture
Kids Rocking Chairs
Kids Room Decor
Play Furniture
Kids Furniture Sets
Kids Rugs
Kids Area Rugs
Classroom Rugs
Pretend Play
All Pretend Play
Dollhouses
Play Kitchens
Puppets & Puppet Theaters
Stuffed Animals
Kids Toys
Educational Toys
Hopper Balls
Ride On Toys
Toddler Toys
Wooden Toys
Specialty Toys
Eco Friendly Toys
Handcrafted in the USA
Daycare and Preschool
Classroom Toys
Classroom Furniture & Rugs
Special
Gift Certificates
Help and Info
Customer service
Contact Us
Recover Password
Privacy Policy
Customer feedback
Home|
Contact Us|
Customer Service|
Shopping Cart|
Your Account
Your Cart
Cart is empty
(0)
Total: $0.00
Checkout
Copyright © 2005-2011 A Rocking Horse To Love