http://www.woodenrailwayadventures.com/termsofuse.html
Terms of Use
All uses of ABC Booksleuths, (www.store.woodenrailwayadventures.com) website
("Website") and its Contents are subject to the following terms
and conditions of use ("Terms of Use").
By accessing or using this Website, you agree that you have read, understand
and
agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, as well as the Wooden Railway
Adventures Privacy
Policy ("Privacy Policy"), which is hereby incorporated into
these Terms of Use. The
term "Wooden Railway Adventures" is used interchangeably with
"ABC Booksleuths" and when
used refers to ABC Booksleuths.
Wooden Railway Adventures reserves the right to make changes to the Terms
of Use, Privacy
Policy, Contents, and Website at any time without prior notice. Charges
are effective
immediately upon posting of the modified text on the website. Your continued
use of
this Website signifies your continuing consent to be bound by these Terms
of Use and
the Privacy Policy. You should review the Terms of Use periodically to
stay informed of
changes that may affect you.
Children under the age of 18 are not permitted to use this
Website. Children under
the age of 18 are not permitted to purchase product from this Website.
No information
should be submitted to this Website by anyone under the age of 18. No
information
concerning children under the age of 18 should be submitted to this Website.
The entire Contents and design of this Website are proprietary
to Wooden Railway Adventures or its vendors, suppliers, and manufactures
and are protected by copyright law.
Wooden Railway Adventures grants you a limited license to access and make
personal use of
this Website and its contents. Any modification or use of this content
constitutes an
infringement of Wooden Railway Adventures intellectual property rights.
Other than as
required to facilitate your personal use, you may not reproduce, create
derivative
works from, republish, transmit or distribute any content from this site
without the
prior written permission of Wooden Railway Adventures.
"Wooden Railway Adventures" and the associated
logos and other marks are property of Wooden Railway Adventures You may
not use such marks without Wooden Railway Adventures prior written permission.
All other names, brands, and marks used on this site are used for identification
purposes may be trademarks of their respective owners. These brands,
marks, and trademarks are property of their respective owners and cannot
be used
with the respective owners' permission.
For your convenience, hyperlinks to other websites may be
provided on this Website.
Wooden Railway Adventures does not sponsor or endorse these websites.
You acknowledge
and agree that Wooden Railway Adventures is not responsible for, and has
no liability with
respect to, the availability of such sites, the treatment of your personally-identifiable
information by such sites, or the information and products on or available
from such
sites.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold ABC Booksleuths
it affiliates, contractors,
suppliers, partners, owners, management, employees and agents (collectively
"ABC Booksleuths et al.") harmless from and against all claims,
demands, suits, or other
proceedings and all resulting loss, damage, liability, cost and expense
(including
reasonable attorneys' fees), due to or arising out of your access to and
use of this
Website.
This Website was created and is operated under the laws
of the State of South Carolina. The
laws of the State of South Carolina will govern these Terms of Use, without giving
effect to any
principles of conflict of laws. Although you acknowledge that we have
the ability to
enforce our rights in any court of competent jurisdiction, you hereby
consent to the
exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Greenville County, South Carolina,
regarding any and all
disputes relating to these Terms of Use or your use of any part of this
Website.
ABC Booksleuths et al, shall not be liable shall to you
for any loss, cost, damage, or
injury arising out of or in connection with (a) your use of or reliance
on (or inability to
use) this Website, or (b) your purchase and use of any goods or services
provided by
ABC Booksleuths et al. through this Website.
ABC Booksleuths attempts to be as accurate as possible with
this Website.
Notwithstanding, this Website is provided on an "AS IS," "AS
AVAILABLE BASIS,"
without representations or warranties of any kind. ABC Booksleuths et
al. makes no
representations or warranties, whether express or implied, with respect
to this
Website or its use of, including, but not limited to, warranties regarding
the accuracy,
completeness, currency, or availability of this Website, and warranties
of
merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. ABC Booksleuths
reserves
the right to cancel any order at its sole discretion. If a product offered
by Wooden Railway Adventures is not as described, your sole solution is
to return it to Wooden Railway Adventures in compliance with Wooden Railway
Adventures return policy.
Under no circumstances shall ABC Booksleuths et al. be liable
to you or any third party
for any direct, indirect, consequential, incidental, punitive, special
or similar damages or
costs. If ABC Booksleuths et al. is found liable to you or any third part
for any claims or
matters arising under or in connection with this agreement, their aggregate
and
maximum liability for all such matters and claims in any calendar year
shall not exceed
$100. Some states do not allow limitations on how long an implied warranty
lasts or
the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so
certain of the
above limitations may not apply to you.
You agree that these Terms of Use and any operating rules
posted on this Website
describe the entire agreement between us with respect to their subject
matter. You
may not assign any of your rights, obligations or privileges under these
Terms of Use
without the prior, written consent of ABC Booksleuths If a court of competent
jurisdiction finds that any provision of these Terms of Use is invalid
or unenforceable,
we both agree that the other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain
in full force
and effect. You agree that, regardless of any applicable law to the contrary,
you
cannot file a claim or cause of action arising out of or related to this
Website or these
Terms of Use more than one (1) year after such claim or cause of action
arose.
You agree to be bound by these Terms of Use and the Wooden
Railway Adventures Privacy
Policy referenced herein.