https://www.davidmellordesign.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
Japanese Yen - JPY
US Dollar - USD
Contact Us
My Account
Basket
0
£0.00
Basket
0
£0.00
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Who we are
David Mellor CBE, RDI Biography
David Mellor Key Designs
David Mellor Short Chronology
Corin Mellor Biography
Corin Mellor Key Designs
David Mellor Cutlery
The Round Building
Making David Mellor Cutlery
Visitor Centre
The Country Shop
Design Museum
Café
The Round Building
Shops
The Country Shop
Marylebone
Sloane Square
Services
Wedding Lists
Trade and hospitality
Customer Service
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
David Mellor Design is committed to ensuring that your privacy and personal data is protected.
About this Policy
This policy explains how and why we collect, store, use and share your personal data. It also outlines the controls and choices that you have around when and how you choose to share your personal data.
The aim of this Policy is to:
Ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it, and who we share it with.
Explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us in order to fulfil your order or provide our services.
Explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal data we collect and process about you and how we will protect your privacy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or would like to exercise any of your rights, please email us at data@davidmellordesign.co.uk or write to us at the address detailed in How to contact David Mellor Design about privacy.
This Policy was last updated on 25th May 2018.
Who we are
David Mellor Design Limited is the data controller responsible for this Website - this means that we are responsible for deciding why and how we use personal data in our business.
When we mention “David Mellor”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this Privacy Policy, we are referring to David Mellor Design Limited.
How we collect data
This section explains the different ways that we may collect or receive data.
Data that you provide when you interact with us
You may give data to us when you complete forms on our Website, email or telephone us, or contact us through social media. This includes data that you provide when you:
place on order
create an account on our Website
sign up to receive our email newsletter
request to receive our catalogue in the post
request sale notifications and other direct mail in the post
contact our Customer Services or Sales teams
engage with us on social media
enter competitions/promotions
complete research surveys
Data that we receive automatically
We may automatically collect data when you visit or interact with our Website:
data about your computing device, browsing activity and navigation paths
referral data when you click on an advert that we have placed on a third party Website or on social media
Data obtained from third parties
We may receive data about you from various categories of third parties, including:
from payment processing platforms and fraud prevention services
from analytics providers, advertising networks, search providers and data partners
from your friends who sent you a link to a product using “Email to a friend”
from your friends/relatives/colleagues who arrange for an order to be delivered to you
Data types that we collect
Some of the data that we collect using the methods outlined above may be classed as personal data. Personal data is any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We collect a variety of personal data about our customers and visitors to the David Mellor Website. The personal data falls into these categories:
Category
Description
Identification data
title, first name, middle name, last name, login email address and password, account number
Contact data
billing address, delivery address, email address, telephone numbers
Transaction data
tokenised details about payments from and refunds to you, products that you have purchased from us, location of the store that you made the purchase at (if in-store)
Profile data
login email address and password, your order history, your wish/gift list, settings/preferences, additional data acquired from analytics and profiling
Technical data
includes your internet protocol (IP) address, login data, browser type and version, time zone and language settings, location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this Website.
Usage data
includes information about how you use our Website, products and services
Tracking data
includes information that we or our service partners collect about you from cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (such as your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data, criminal convictions and offences). If you share personal data referred to in this category we will not know and can only treat it as personal data.
If you are a same-sex couple who create a Wedding List or Gift List, it may be possible to infer your sexual orientation. Depending on the settings for your list, you may have chosen to make it public online, and anyone can read it.
You can choose not to share personal data with us, or refuse certain contact permissions, but this might mean that we will be unable to provide the products and services you’ve requested.
Legal basis for processing personal data
We only use your personal data where we have a legal right to do so. The table below describes the legal basis for processing your data.
We may process your personal data for more than one legal basis depending on how we are using it.
Categories of personal data used for the processing purpose
Description of why we process your personal data (‘processing purpose’)
Legal Basis for the processing purpose
Identification data
Contact data
Transaction data
To fulfil your order for products and services placed through our Website or in-store.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Identification data
Contact data
Transaction data
To communicate with you about your order or for service related purposes.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Identification data
Contact data
To communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, for:
marketing
research
promotional purposes
Consent
Legitimate Interest
Technical data
Usage data
Transaction data
Tracking data
Profile data
To understand how you access and use David Mellor services such as our Website to ensure technical functionality, develop new products and services, and analyse your use of the Website, including your interaction with advertising, products, and services that are made available, linked to, or offered through the Website.
Performance of a Contract
Legitimate Interest
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is placed on your computer's hard drive. The file contains an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies are either "persistent" or "session" cookies:
Persistent cookies are stored by a web browser and will remain valid until a set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date.
Session cookies will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our Website.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
If you opt to receive marketing emails from us, you agree that we have your permission to track your activity via cookies, pixels, and other similar technologies to enable us to measure the effectiveness of our campaigns and customise the products that are presented to you in marketing emails. You agree that we can transfer the information related to this tracking to MailChimp, our email marketing provider.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether you allowed us to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
_GA
Used by Google Analytics to distinguish users.
_GAT
Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate.
MAGEMONKEY_CAMPAIGN_ID
Used to track the response to our email marketing activities.
MAGEMONKEY_EMAIL_ID
Used to track the response to our email marketing activities.
If you block cookies, you may not be able to use all the features on our Website.
Data retention and deletion
We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with our services and for legitimate and essential business purposes, such as maintaining the performance of the David Mellor Website, making data-driven business decisions about new products and features, complying with our legal obligations, and resolving disputes. We keep some of your personal data for as long as you are a user of David Mellor services. For example, we keep your account and contact information, wish/gift lists and settings/preferences.
If you request, we will delete or anonymise your personal data so that it no longer identifies you, unless, we are legally allowed or required to maintain certain personal data, including situations such as the following:
If there is an unresolved issue relating to your account, such as an outstanding credit on your account or an unresolved claim or dispute we will retain the necessary personal data until the issue is resolved;
Where we are required to retain the personal data for our legal, tax, audit, and accounting obligations, we will retain the necessary personal data for the period required by applicable law; and/or,
Where necessary for our legitimate business interests such as fraud prevention or to maintain the security of our users.
Disclosures of data to third-party organisations
David Mellor has never shared with or sold your data to third-party marketing organisations or other companies for marketing or ‘non-service’ purposes. We may share your personal data with the third parties set out below for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
Company
Purpose
Sage Pay
When you make a payment on our Website, the payment is processed directly with Sage Pay. We transfer your billing and shipping addresses, contact details and order contents to Sage Pay. You enter your card information directly into the Sage Pay servers and a reference of your payment is then sent back to us in the form of a token.
Royal Mail Group
When you make a purchase on our Website, via telephone or for delivery from one of our shops, your information will be transferred to Royal Mail Group (trading as Royal Mail and Parcelforce) for delivery of the order to your address.
MailChimp
When you make a purchase on our Website or via telephone, your email address and order details will be transferred to MailChimp, our marketing automation partner, for the purposes of sending transactional emails such as your order confirmation and shipment notification. We will also send you our email newsletter if you opted-in to receive it.
City Sprint
When you make a purchase in one of our London shops and request a bike courier delivery, your name, contact information and address will be transferred to City Sprint for delivery of the order to your address.
Amazon Web Services
Our Website and database are held on Amazon Web Services infrastructure.
Google Analytics
If you choose to allow Google cookies, information about your system settings, browsing behaviour and activity will be transferred to Google Analytics to enable data-driven business decisions to be made for the ongoing development of our Website and online services.
Law enforcement agencies and government
We will share your data with law enforcement agencies and government entities wherever we are legally required to do so by statute, court order or warrant.
International transfers
Some of our external third party providers are based outside the EEA and their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. When we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection such is afforded to it and we will comply with the General Data Protection Regulation. All our current third-party suppliers participate in the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Links to other Websites
Our Website may contain links to other Websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other Website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy Policy that is applicable to the Website in question.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
David Mellor may change this Policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. This Policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Children
Many of the products that we sell are age-restricted to 18 years and over. This Website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
Your legal rights
You have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. These rights are not absolute and vary depending on certain circumstances.
Please visit the Website of the Information Commissioner’s Office for more information about these rights
Request access to your personal data
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your personal data
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data
This enables you to object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing your personal data
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy
where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it
where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims
you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request transfer of your personal data
We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Right to withdraw consent
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please see “How to contact David Mellor Design about privacy” below.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
How to contact David Mellor Design about privacy
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or would like to exercise any of your rights, please email us at data@davidmellordesign.co.uk or write to us at the following address:
Data Manager
David Mellor Design Limited
The Round Building
Hathersage
S32 1BA
United Kingdom
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), which is the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues. We would appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance.
Customer Service
Follow us
Coronavirus update
About us
Careers
Contact us
Trade and hospitality
Wedding lists
Gift vouchers
Visitor Centre
Returns policy
Delivery information
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Subscribe to our email newsletter
View PDF catalogue
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
Japanese Yen - JPY
US Dollar - USD
Telephone: 01433 650220 email: davidmellor@davidmellordesign.co.uk
David Mellor Design Ltd, The Round Building, Hathersage, Sheffield, S32 1BA Reg# 1679789 EnglandCopyright © David Mellor Design Ltd 2020. All Rights Reserved.
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button below.
Allow