http://www.autolightsbulbs.com/info/privacypolicy.aspx
HomeShopping Cart
Contact UsAbout USPrivacy PolicyTerms
Free Shipping on All Products!
Privacy Policy
Autolightsbulbs.com is serious about protecting your personal information and the importance of maintaining your privacy.
We value your business with us and we appreciate your trust.
In return, we are constantly working to make sure that your personal information is secure and private.
By visiting Autolightsbulbs.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Autolightsbulbs.com
does not sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except as disclosed in this privacy policy.
Your information will not be shared without your permission.
Information Collected:
The information that we collect from you helps us personalize and continually improve upon your Autolightsbulbs.com shopping experience.
You have the option not to provide certain information;
however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to take full advantage of some of our web site features.
This section of our privacy policy applies to all information collected by or submitted to Autolightsbulbs.com.
When you visit our site, we automatically receive and store any information you enter on our website.
For example, you provide information when you search for a product; place an order through Autolightsbulbs.com, provide information in your account;
communicate with us by phone, e-mail; complete a questionnaire or any other way.
As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers;
financial information, such as credit card or bank account numbers, including Social Security and driver’s license numbers;
transactional information based on your activities on the Site and content you generate or that relates to your account;
shipping, billing and other information you provide to purchase or ship an item, community discussions, chats, dispute resolution,
correspondence through the Site, and correspondence sent to us;
Why we collect personal information
We collect your personal information because it helps us deliver a superior level of customer service.
It enables us to give you convenient access to our products and services and focus on categories of greatest interest to you.
In addition, your personal information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements,
special offers, and events that you might like to hear about.
What information we collect and how we may use it
The information that we collect from you helps us personalize and continually improve upon your Autolightsbulbs.com shopping experience.
You have the option not to provide certain information;
however, withholding information may prevent you from being able to take full advantage of some of our web site features.
We may ask for your personal information when you’re discussing a service issue on the phone with an associate,
participating in an online survey, or purchasing a product.
When you interact with Autolightsbulbs.com, we may collect personal information relevant to the situation,
such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, and contact preferences;
your credit card information and information about the Autolightsbulbs.com products you own,
such as their serial numbers and date of purchase; and information relating to a support or service issue.
We collect information regarding customer activities on our websites.
This helps us to determine how best to provide useful information to customers and to understand which parts of our websites,
products, and Internet services are of most interest to them.
How we protect your personal information
Autolightsbulbs.com takes precautions — including administrative, technical,
and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse,
as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Autolightsbulbs.com uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on all web pages where personal information is required.
To make purchases from the Autolightsbulbs.com, you must use an SSL-enabled browser such as Firefox, Netscape Navigator 3.0 or later, or Internet Explorer.
Doing so protects the confidentiality of your personal and credit card information while it’s transmitted over the Internet.
You can help us by also taking precautions to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
ScanAlert security technology is used to protect us from hackers and shows you proof of our ability to protect you.
Autolightsbulbs.com is Hacker Safe certified by ScanAlert, the world’s largest e-commerce security auditing company.
Our servers are required to pass a daily scan that checks for vulnerabilities to hacker threats.
Look for the ScanAlert "Hacker Safe" icon, which denotes that the entire site is protected from hacking threats.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
This privacy policy was last modified on 02/28/2008.
Autolightsbulbs.com may revise this policy from time to time.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement so that you are aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time,
so please review it frequently. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer
information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Shop By Category
Headlights & Parking Lights
Tail Lights
Fog Lights
Light Bulbs
Mirrors
Shop By Vehicle
Select Year
2019
2018
2017
2016
2015
2014
2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004
2003
2002
2001
2000
1999
1998
1997
1996
1995
1994
1993
1992
1991
1990
1989
1988
1987
1986
1985
1984
1983
1982
1981
1980
1979
1978
1977
1976
1975
1974
1973
Featured Products
Freightliner Columbia Headlights
Volvo XC90 Headlights
Pontiac Grand Prix Headlights
Hyundai Veloster Headlights
Why Buy From Us
Low Price Guaranteed
Free Shipping and Handling
Fast Shipping
Dedicated Products
Easy Returns
Customer Testimonials
Secure Shopping
Shipping Info
Free Shipping!
most orders are shipped within 24 hours.
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
© Copyright 2017 Autolightsbulbs.com. All Rights Reserved.