http://www.caspiancaviar.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy - Updated 25th May 2018 in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation 2018Your privacy is important to us. This privacy statement describes the online information practices which we Caspian Caviar Trading Ltd ("we", "our") employ in relating to the information which you, our customers, ("you", "your") provide when using the www.caspiancaviar.co.uk site ("Website"). By accessing and using the Website you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Statement.The Information We CollectWe collect personally identifiable information relating to you which may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit/ debit card information ("Personal Information") in the following situations:When you register on the Website for an on-line account or otherwise contact us to obtain information relating to us or our services (including when you update the "Your On-line Account", "Your Address Book" or "Your Order Details" section of the Website, communicate with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise, complete a questionnaire or competition entry form;Information collected automatically using "cookies":Whenever you interact with the Website, we receive and store certain types of information using "cookies". Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.Information from other sources:We receive information from third parties we use in providing services to you from time to time, including delivery and address information from our carriers and account and credit history information from credit bureaux and sources we use to process payments.We don not collect any "sensitive information".How We Normally Use Information About YouWe will only use your Personal Information for the purpose(s) for which you provide it to us - including, for example, to: respond to your enquiries;handle orders, deliver items and process payments;communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers,update our records and maintain any on-line account you may have with us;prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our Website; and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf. We only share your Personal Information with our other offices or authorised distributors where appropriate and with other entities only as described below. [We ensure the parties with whom we share your Personal Information follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Statement.]AgentsFrom time to time we employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf including fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending customer communications, analysing data, processing credit card payments and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Promotional offers: only if you have consented in advance will we send you information on our promotional offers. Such communication will be by email. If you no longer want to receive such offers, please notify us by email sales@caspiancaviar.co.uk or use the "Unsubscribe" button at the foot of the newsletter.Business transfers: in any transactions. (Personal Information is generally one of the transferred assets) We will not share your information with any third parties other than those required to process your order or other request.Collection of Information by Third-Party SitesOur Website may contain links to other websites whose information practices may be different to ours. You should consult the privacy notices of those third party sites as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by them.Our customer information is only stored electronically within our website Content Management System. This is provided by and managed by Visualsoft. Visualsoft's privacy Policy can be viewed at www.visualsoft.co.ukWe do not store any credit or debit card details. This information is stored and processed for us by Secure Trading. Its Privacy Policy can be viewed at www.securetrading.comWe do also take payments via PayPal and Amazon. Their privacy policies can be viewed at www.paypal.com and www.amazon.comWe will hold your details for as long as we see fit as it will be of use to you when placing further orders. However, if you would like us to destroy your details, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Your details will be destroyed within 30 days of you making the request.SecurityWe employ security measures to prevent unauthorized access to information that we collect online.We use a secure online order form for all purchases made via the Website. All data transmitted via this form (including credit card details) is 128bit encrypted so it transmitted securely. To verify this, when placing an order using the Website a padlock will appear in your browser. It is normally in the status bar, towards the right hand side, at the bottom of your browser window. You can double click this padlock to verify that the secure certificate has been issued to the Website.Our security is guaranteed by the certificate provider, Verisign.Please note that email correspondence with us is in free format text and cannot be encrypted. Accordingly please do not send any sensitive information such as credit card details or passwords via email."Cookies"A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number.When you visit our Website we send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways:To enable the personalisation features on our Website (which give you the ability to recall recently viewed pages and see information which you have input on line).To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Website and to help us improve the structure of our Website. We cannot identify you personally in this way.Disabling / Enabling CookiesYou can accept or decline "cookies" by modifying the setting in your browser. Please note that if you disable "cookies" you may not be able to use all the features of our Website.Revisions to this Privacy StatementWe reserve the right to revise this Privacy Statement or any part of it from time to time. Please review the Privacy Statement periodically for changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Statement applies from time to time to all information that we have about you.How to Contact usIf you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we use your Personal Information you may contact us by email at sales@caspiancaviar.co.uk. If at any time you decide that you no longer wish us to hold or use any of your Personal Information or wish to change the use to which your Personal Information can be put, please let us know by emailing us at sales@caspiancaviar.co.ukController of Your InformationInformation which you provide to us or we gather from the Website is controlled primarily by:Caspian Caviar Trading Ltd. The Data Protection Officer is Angus Collingwood-Cameron and he can be contacted on angus@caspiancaviar.co.uk
Top