http://www.j-aferrie.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions | J & A Ferrie
01560 323002
sales@j-aferrie.com
0 items £0.00
Shopping Cart
Toggle main menu visibility
Farriers
Horseshoes
Atraxion Shoes
J.A.F. Champion Shoes
Handmade Shoes
Mustad Shoes
MNC Shoes
Kerckhaert
Knives & Sharpeners
Pads & Wedges
DVDs
Gift Ideas & Vouchers
Therapeutic Shoes
Jim Blurton Barshoes
Viking Barshoes
3rd Millennium
H.M.S. Barshoes
Imprint
Dalric
Easy Shoe
Shoe Inserts
Alloy Shoes
Kerckhaert Alloy Kings Plate
Kerckhaert Alloy Century
Nails
Mustad Nails
Liberty Nails
Derby Nails
Rasps
Heller Rasps
Save Edge Rasps
Hoof Fillers
Vettec Products
Hoof Care
Silverfeet Products
Shoeing Tools
Driving Hammers
Clenching Tongs
Nippers
Knife Sharpeners
Knives
Pull Offs
Nail Pullers
Buffers
Shoe Making Tools
Hammers
Clipping Hammers
Tongs
Fullers
Stamps
Pritchels
Punches
Wire Brushes
Hammer Handles
Measuring
Welding Flux
Forge Equipment
Gas Forges
Anvils
Anvil Stands
Linishers
Feed Supplements
Aprons, Clothing & Footwear
Aprons & Chaps
Safety Boots
Jackets & Clothing
Jewellery
Anvil Jewellery
Vets
Clothing
Knives and Sharpeners
Safety Boots.
Aprons
Rasps.
Pull Offs.
Nail Pullers.
Hoof Fillers.
Event Bookings
Pads / Wedges.
Pads / Wedges
Horse Owners
Hoof Care.
Safety Boot
Emergency shoe removal
DVD and Books
Christmas Gifts.
About Us
Events
Articles
Contact Us
Home >
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy
Postage & Packaging- Extra
Property- All goods remain the property of J&A Ferrie until paid in full.
VAT- Extra at 20%
Export- Packing and delivery F.O.B. charged extra.
Acceptance- All orders accepted subject to prices ruling at date of dispatch unless previously agreed in writing.
Cancellation- Orders cancelled may be subject to a cancellation charge.
Returns- A handling charge of 20% will be charged (if returns are accepted).
Specification- The right is reserved to add, delete, or change the specification of any item at any time without prior notice.- All dimensions are approximate due to the hand made nature of many products.
Payment Terms- Credit Accounts – Strictly 30 days net.- Non Credit Accounts – Payment Proforma- Or by MasterCard, Visa, Switch, Delta or Solo.
Privacy Policy
J & A Ferrie ("We" or “Us”) is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy and using your personal data in an appropriate manner.  This Privacy Policy sets out how and why we obtain, store and process data that we collect from you, or that has been provided to us by you, via the j-aferrie.com website.
Information we may collect from you and how we might use it
By using our website or otherwise providing J & A Ferrie with your personal data, you give your permission to us for collecting and processing personal and sensitive information supplied by you. We may use your personal and sensitive data as follows:
To enable us to give you the best user experience.
To provide our Farrier & Supplies services to you.
To improve our customer service.
To contact you about details of promotions, offers, events and general information about the industry.
To answer enquiries, feedback and complaints.
How we collect your information
Information is collected from you when you engage with, contribute to or use some of the features on our website,  for example, place a web order or make an enquiry.
How long we store your information
We will hold your information for as long as is necessary to comply with our statutory and contractual obligations.
We will continually strive to ensure that your personal data is maintained and up to date, however; you are obliged to inform us of any and all changes to your personal data in order for us to update or delete your personal data accordingly.
Third parties
No information is passed onto any third parties.
Data Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us and certain sections of the site may encrypt data using SSL or a comparable standard. However, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, even though we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information which you send to us, and you do so at your own risk.
How you can access, correct and delete your data
J & A Ferrie will always provide you with a copy of any personal information we have about you on request.   You are also able to amend your information in the same way. Please inform us of any changes to your personal data and we may ask you to verify your identity before carrying out any changes.
We will do what we reasonably can to make sure your personal data is up to date. If you’d like to see your information, wish to change any of the information we hold, or if you wish to delete your details from our records, please email us at j-aferrie@hotmail.co.uk
Changes to this Policy
We may amend this Policy from time to time. Any changes we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page.
Contact
Any questions on this policy should be directed to j-aferrie@hotmail.co.uk
T: +44 (0)1560 323002
F: +44 (0)1560 322382
sales@j-aferrie.com
J & A Ferrie - Farrier Supplies
The Smithy, High Street, newmilns
Ayrshire KA16 9EE
Home
About Us
Events
Articles
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
Terms & Conditions
Farriers
Horseshoes
Therapeutic Shoes
Alloy Shoes
Nails
Rasps
Hoof Fillers
Hoof Care
Shoeing Tools
Shoe Making Tools
Forge Equipment
Feed Supplements
Aprons, Clothing & Footwear
Jewellery
Vets
Horse Owners
© J & A Ferrie. All Rights Reserved.
Website by Microtech Digital