http://www.candlesofeden.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
AV Company
Cooling Towers
Legal Services
Massage Therapist
Water Well
Privacy Policy
Home »
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. It is Candle Sofeden’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, http://www.candlesofeden.com, and other sites we own and operate.
We only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. We collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your requested service. What data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except when required to by law.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy policies.
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
Your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information. If you have any questions about how we handle user data and personal information, feel free to contact us.
Recent Posts
Relieving Back Pain using Different Types of Massages
Tips on Preventing a Failed Audio-Visual Presentation
Different Kinds of Cooling Systems and Their Functions
Cases Where you Need a Lawyer
Water Pump and Well for Your Vacation House and Property
Search for:
Recent Comments
Candle SofedenRelieving Back Pain using Different Types of Massages November 20, 2020Every single one of us has felt the painful ache from a long day of standing, sitting, or anything else. Whether it is constant aching, chronic discomfort, or muscle spasms, back pain can ruin even the easiest activities. It can also be one of the worst pain when trying to look for relief.   Medications may offer a […] secure_adminTips on Preventing a Failed Audio-Visual Presentation October 28, 2020If you are someone who is constantly busy running around doing presentations every now and then, I’m pretty sure you have encountered an audio-visual problem more than once. This is an embarrassing problem because it can affect the time dedicated for the presentation and on top of that it can get your audience restless and sometimes irritated. […] secure_adminDifferent Kinds of Cooling Systems and Their Functions April 29, 2020A cooling tower is a channel wherein thermal energy is transferred from one source to another. The transference of heat takes place through the exchange between water and air by evaporating the water that requires to be cooled. While major industries produce a massive amount of heat, which must be disposed of to have a […] secure_adminCases Where you Need a Lawyer April 15, 2020A lawyer is a very important person in the world. And being a lawyer is definitely not easy. They have to spend years in order to achieve their goal and there is no easy way out of being a lawyer. You need to study for many years before you could call yourself a lawyer and […] secure_adminWater Pump and Well for Your Vacation House and Property April 8, 2020It could be a good investment for your vacation house or property to have a well or a water pump to be installed so that you don’t need to worry too much about the water sources there in case that you haven’t been to that place for many months. Of course, there are many things […] secure_admin Archives
November 2020
October 2020
April 2020
Categories
AV Company
Cooling Towers
Legal Services
Massage Therapist
Water Well
Designed by Elegant Themes | Powered by WordPress