https://www.ohdanishbakery.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - O&H Danish Bakery of Racine Wisconsin
Toll Free: 1-800-709-4009
Create Account  |  Sign In
Cart0
Award Winning Kringle From Racine, Wisconsin – Since 1949
2 Business Day Delivery Guaranteed — Only $9.99! (restrictions apply)
Everyday Kringle Favorites
Seasonal Kringle Flavors
Explorer's Series Kringle
Kringle Gift Packages
Kringle of the Month Club
Kringle by the Case
Birthday
Christmas
Gift Packages
Danish Coffee Cakes
Danish Layer Cakes
Danish Crown Cakes
Bread Puddings & Pastries
Scandinavian Breads
Gluten Free and Special Diet
Ohlaf's Treasures
All Our Kringle Flavors
Most Popular
New Items
Best Rating
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriouslyThis privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website, located at OHDANISHBAKERY.COM (the "Website").
We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new policy on the Website. Review our Privacy Policy regularly so that you can stay informed of our practices, as they may change in the future.By visiting our Website, using our service, and/or buying our products, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Your assent to our Privacy Policy is essential for us to ship you our products and/or provide our services. You can opt-out and decide not to provide the requested personal information. However, by doing so, you will not receive the information and/or service you are requesting.
Our Personal Information Collection PracticesThe personal information we collect depends upon how you use our Website. If you purchase products from us, we collect billing and shipping information, including name, address, telephone number, and email address.
Our Personal Information Use PracticesWe have the greatest respect for your privacy and, thereby, ensure to keep your information as we would our own.  We may at times share names and mailing addresses of our customers and catalog requesters, securely and confidentially with 3rd parties as necessary to perform services on behalf O&H Bakery.
We do use the information that we collect to better market, sell, and deliver our products and services.  If we need to ship something to you or charge your credit card, we share your personal information with our shipper and/or credit card processing company.  However, with both situations, we strictly restrict the use of your personal information to the limited purposes for which we have engaged their services.  If you would like to opt out, contact us toll free at (877) 369-3565 or at our customer service portal.
Our General Information Collection and Use Practices
At O&H Danish we value your privacy.
Therefore you should know that when you make a purchase from us or request our catalog, we may on occasion rent or exchange your mailing address with select third-parties for marketing purposes.
Your e-mail address is never shared with third parties.
If you would like to opt out of having your mailing address shared with third parties, e-mail us at customerservice@ohdanishbakery.com or write us at O&H Danish Bakery, 5910 Washington Avenue, Racine, WI, 53406.  We also automatically collect certain information from visitors to the site, such as Internet addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit page, operating system, timestamps, and clickstream data. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. This information is collected to help us diagnose technical problems, to administer our Website, and to improve the overall experience of visitors to our Website.
Data Security Is Important To UsWe take measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information. All information submitted is encrypted while being transferred, then decoded and processed once received by our secure server.
We carefully limit access to the database in which your personal information is stored. However, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
If You Have Other QuestionsContact us at the address below if you want us to change or delete any information that we have about you. We will respond to your request to access, update, or delete your information within ten (10) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity.
This site is owned and operated by:O&H Danish Bakery5910 Washington AvenueRacine, WI
53406 U.S.A.Local: (262) 631-5398toll free: (877) 369-3565This privacy policy is effective as of April 1, 2009.
“There is nothing quite as comforting as a slice of delicious Kringle and a cup of hot coffee.”
– Olesen Family Saying
All Our Scratch Made Kringle Flavors
A Very Danish Christmas Kringle
Almond Kringle
Almond Macaron Kringle
Apple Kringle
Birthday Kringle
Wild Blueberry Kringle
Cherry Kringle
Cherry Cheese Kringle
Christmas Kringle
Cinnamon Roll Kringle
Cranberry Kringle
Cream Cheesecake Kringle
Nordic Noel Kringle
Pecan Kringle
Raspberry Kringle
Santa's Secret Christmas Kringle
Turtle Kringle
Wisconsin Kringle
Pecan and Raspberry Pair
Apple and Almond Pair
O&H Danish Bakery5910 Washington AvenueRacine, Wisconsin 53406U.S.A.
1-800-709-4009
www.ohdanishbakery.com
Our Values
A Family Tradition
The Finest Ingredients
Scratch Made Bakery
Store Locations
Careers
Ordering Guidelines
Shipping Guidelines
Business Gifts
Volume/Early Ship Discounts
Fund Raising
Win A Kringle Contest
FAQ’s
Gift Card Balance
Request a Catalog
Submit a Customer Service Request
Shipment Status
Other Links
Please wait while we process your request.
Thank you!