http://www.betterlifestyleproducts.com/terms-conditions-of-use-and-privacy-statement/
Go To AUS Site
Free Shipping!!!
for all orders over $100
Dispatched in 24 Hours
Delivered between 3-7 days
0
Cart Empty
Sign in or Register
Payments accepted with:
TestimonialsDistributorsCommercial SalesCustomer ServiceContact Us
HomeWall Mounted Ironing BoardsLaundry Ironing CentersGeneral HomewaresAccessories
HomeCustomer ServiceTerms of Use & Privacy
Terms, Conditions of Use and Privacy Statement
These terms and conditions apply to the use of this website ("Site"), including the purchase of goods over this Site. In using this Site for these and other purposes, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Please read them carefully. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you must refrain from using the Site. These terms and conditions must be read in conjunction with other applicable terms and conditions governing the use of the Site.
Terminology
In these terms and conditions the expressions "we", "us" and "our" are a reference to Creative Homewares™ LLC, the owner of this Site.
Amendments to terms and conditions
We reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions from time to time. Any amendments will be effective immediately upon notification on this Site. Your continued use of this Site following such notification will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the terms and conditions as amended.
Ordering procedure
You may offer to purchase the goods described in this Site ("Goods") for the price specified on the Site ("Price").
Your order must contain your name, email address, credit card details and any other ordering information specified on this Site.
You may not cancel an order once it has been submitted.
If we reject your offer to purchase the Goods for any reason, neither of us will be under any further liability to the other arising out of your original offer or our non-acceptance of that offer.
We give no undertaking as to the availability of the Goods advertised on the Site. The Goods may not be available for purchase in your particular country or locality. The reference to such Goods on the Site does not imply or warrant that these Goods will be available at any time in your particular location. You should check with us as to the availability of specific Goods in your area.
Delivery of the Goods to you will be effected in the manner described on this Site.
Title in the Goods does not pass to you until payment has been received.
Risk of loss or damage to the Goods passes to you on dispatch.
Payment must be effected in the manner described on the Site. Prices are exclusive of goods and services tax (if applicable) and is exclusive of taxes, duties and charges imposed or levied in New Jersey or overseas in connection with the supply of goods.
The Goods are offered for sale only to persons who can make legally binding contracts.
Cancellation due to error
You acknowledge that despite our reasonable precautions, Goods may be listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to a typographical error or like oversight. In these circumstances, we reserve the right to cancel the transaction, notwithstanding that your order has been confirmed and your credit card has been charged. We reserve this right up until the time of delivery of the Goods to you. If a cancellation of this nature occurs after your credit card has been charged for the purchase, we will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account for the amount in question.
Consumer Guarantees Act
If you purchase Goods from us for a business purpose, then you agree that the statutory guarantees and implied terms, covenants and conditions are excluded by mutual agreement and do not apply.
Disclaimer
We do not accept responsibility for any loss, damage (including direct, special, or consequential loss or damage), however caused (including through negligence) which you may directly or indirectly suffer in connection with your use of this Site or any linked website, nor do we accept any responsibility for any such loss arising out of your use of or reliance on information contained on or accessed through this Site.
To the extent permitted by law, any condition or warranty which would otherwise be implied into these terms and conditions is hereby excluded. Where legislation implies any condition or warranty, and that legislation prohibits us from excluding or modifying the application of, or our liability under any such condition or warranty, that condition or warranty will be deemed included but our liability will be limited for a breach of that condition or warranty to one or more of the following (at our option):
where the breach relates to Goods:
the replacement of the Goods or supply of equivalent goods;
the repair of such Goods;
the payment of the cost of replacing the Goods or of acquiring equivalent goods; or
the payment of the cost of having the Goods repaired.
Except as otherwise stipulated in these terms and conditions, we will not accept liability to you in respect of any loss or damage (including direct, special or consequential loss or damage) however caused (including through negligence) which may be suffered or incurred by you or which may arise directly or indirectly in respect of Goods supplied pursuant to an order placed on this Site or in respect of any failure or omission on our part to comply with our obligations as set out in these terms and conditions.Exception to disclaimer
The disclaimer set out in these terms and conditions does not attempt or purport to exclude liability arising under statute if, and to the extent, that such liability cannot be lawfully excluded.
Specific warnings
You must ensure that your access to this Site is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to you.
You must take your own precautions to ensure that the process which you employ for accessing this Site does not expose you to the risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage your own computer system. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not accept responsibility for interference or damage to your computer system which arises in connection with your use of this Site or any linked site.
We make no warranty that Goods acquired from us over this Site will meet your requirements.
Details relating to the Goods have been prepared in accordance with New Jersey law and may not satisfy the laws of another country. We do not warrant that the details on this Site concerning those Goods will satisfy the laws of any other country. It is your responsibility to determine whether these details satisfy the laws of the jurisdiction where you reside (if that jurisdiction is outside of New Jersey) and if the details do not satisfy the laws of your jurisdiction, you may not order any Goods from this Site.
You acknowledge that despite all reasonable precautions on our part, there is a risk of unauthorised access to or alteration of your transmissions, data or of information contained in your computer system or on this Site. We do not accept responsibility or liability of any nature for any such losses which you may sustain as a result of such activity.
Copyright
Copyright in this Site (including text, graphics, logos, icons, sound recordings and software) is owned or licensed by us. Other than for the purposes of, and subject to the conditions prescribed under the New Jersey Copyright Act and similar legislation which applies in your location, and except as expressly authorised by these terms and conditions or in any other written agreement between you and us (such as the website software licence) you may not in any form or by any means:
adapt, reproduce, store, distribute, print, display, perform, publish or create derivative works from any part of this Site; or
commercialise any information, products or services obtained from any part of this Site;
without our prior written permission.
Trade marks
Except where otherwise specified, any word or device to which the ™ or ® symbol is attached is a trade mark owned by us.
If you use any of our trade marks in reference to our activities or Goods, you must include a statement attributing that trade mark to us. You must not use any of our trade marks in:
or as the whole or part of your own trade marks;
connection with activities or goods which are not ours;
a manner which may be confusing, misleading or deceptive; and/or
a manner that disparages us or our information or Goods (including this Site).
Intellectual property
All existing or future patent, patent applications, designs, copyright, manufacturing methods, processes, know-how or other industrial or intellectual property ("Intellectual Property") in the Goods is owned by us, remain our property and you acknowledge that you have no right, title or interest in or claim to the Intellectual Property.
You acknowledge that any improvements to the Intellectual Property discovered by you pursuant to your use of the Goods is our property and you will advise us as soon as possible and assign any such improvements to us, and we will have the sole right to apply for any patents and/or obtain any copyright protection.
Restricted use
You are authorised to print a copy of any information contained on this Site, unless such printing is expressly prohibited. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not without our written permission on-sell information obtained from this Site.
Privacy policy
Any personal information we may collect will be used by us only to respond to your inquiry or process an order. We may also use any personal information provided by you to measure the use of our Site and to improve its content.
At times cookies may be used to help us serve you better. A cookie is a tiny element of data sent by a website to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognise you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and, if you wish, to reject it.
We will not release to anyone else personally identifiable data which we have gathered from your visit to our web page unless compelled by law, with your informed consent, to fulfil an order or request you have given to us, or to protect us against unlawful activity, fraud, or any danger to public safety.
All personal information that we collect (including your contact details, and if relevant, credit card details) is kept confidential to the best of our ability. You will appreciate, however, that we cannot guarantee the security of transmission.
How we handle emails
We will preserve the content of any email you send us if we believe we have the legal requirement to do so. Your email message content may be monitored by us for trouble shooting or maintenance purposes or if any form of email abuse is suspected.
Security of information
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst we strive to protect such information, we do not warrant and cannot ensure the security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information that is transmitted to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
Termination of access
Access to this Site may be terminated at any time by us without notice. Our disclaimer will nevertheless survive any such termination.
Governing law
These terms and conditions are governed by the state of New Jersey law and are deemed to have been made in New Jersey and except where the matter is determined by an alternative dispute resolution process is subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the New Jersey Court but on points of patent, trade mark or copyright law or procedure is to be governed by the law of the country granting the patent or trade mark registration or copyright protection.
Our addressCreative Homewares, LLCPost Office Box 235Wanaque, NJ 07465
General
We accept no responsibility for any failure to comply with these terms and conditions where such failure is due to circumstances beyond our control.
If we waive any rights available to us under these terms and conditions on one occasion, this does not mean that those rights will automatically be waived on any other occasion.
If any of these terms and conditions are held to be invalid, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, the remaining terms and conditions will nevertheless continue in full force.
To return to the Site
To return to the Site, click where indicated. By doing so, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and accept the above terms of use.
Helpful LinksContact UsProduct FeedbackReturn Request AuthorizationTerms of Use & Privacy
Have Questions? Click here to email Support
We accept:
Shipping available through:
Customer ServiceTerms of Use & PrivacyIroning HelpContact Us HomeCustomer ServiceTerms of Use & PrivacyIroning HelpContact UsWall Mounted Ironing BoardsLifestyle Wall Mounted Ironing Board (Full-Size)Laundry Ironing CentersMobile Laundry Ironing Center (with Baskets)General HomewaresThe Foot Thing (Shower Foot Rest)
Copyright © 2020 Creative Homewares | All Rights Reserved.
HomeProductsWall Mounted Ironing BoardsLaundry Ironing CentersGeneral HomewaresAccessoriesTestimonialsContact UsCartMy Account
DistributorsCommercial SalesCustomer Service