https://www.JimmyBeansWool.com/secure-html/onlineec/privacyPolicy.asp
Jimmy Beans Wool Privacy Policy
Last Updated:
12/30/2019
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by JimmyBeansWool.com and Jimmys Wool, LLC ("Jimmy Beans Wool" or "we").
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services"), JimmyBeansWool.com, or when you otherwise interact with us. This policy does not apply to products or services with separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification.)
We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
For information about the choices we offer in connection with our information practices, please see "Your Choices" below.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Compliance and Policy
Beginning January 1, 2020, a new data privacy law called the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) establishes various rights for California state residents.
Jimmy Beans Wool has always protected the personal information for our customers as we would like to have our personal information protected by everyone we do business with.
Jimmy Beans Wool does not and will not sell your personal information.Please click to review our policy and compliance with CCPA specific regulations.
Information Collection
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, update your profile, post a review, participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form or survey, participate in a contest or promotion, make a purchase, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, password, email address, social media user names and handles, postal address, phone number, preferences, payment information and any other information you choose to provide.
The specific information collected may evolve over time as our services evolve.
The types of information are described here and will not be updated.
Account Information: We collect optionally provided account information with our Services.
Accounts are not required to make a purchase or interact with our Services.
But, if the consumer chooses to create an account, we may collect name, address, email address, public username to post reviews on our site, and payment authorization information.
Notification Information: We collect optionally provided notification information with our Services.
If a user of our services chooses to submit their email address to be on a email newsletter, email notification about product availability, or similar notifications, we will collect the email address you submit so we can communicate with you and follow up on your request.
Transaction Information: We collect information in connection with each transaction you create with our Services, including contact and transaction details such as your name, address, email, telephone number, payment information, etc. so we can process your payment and send your purchases.
We do not request, or collect, personal details such as date of birth, education, gender, or nationality.
Information We Collect When You Use Our Services
When you use our Services, we collect certain information, including:
Transaction Information: We collect information in connection with each transaction you create with our Services, including product details, purchase price, and other transaction details.
This information, in addition to the above mentioned contact and payment details, includes the type of browser you use, your general location, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, etc. in order to protect your security and to process payments with our merchant processing service providers.
Log Information: We collect log information in connection with your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Location Information: We may collect the approximate location of your device based the device's IP address.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information from the computer or device you use to access our Services, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources. For example, we may collect information about you from other users of our Services, such as individuals who send you a gift through our Services.
We may also obtain information from social networks when you interact with us in accordance with their authorization procedures.
For example, if you post a question to us in Facebook, we will respond to your question.
We will be able to see your name and publicly available information when interacting with your request for information.
This works in the same way as when you interact with anyone over social media.
Use of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices.
Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service.
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events and other news and information we think will be of interest to you.
Provide, maintain and improve our Services.
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services.
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Jimmy Beans Wool and others.
Personalize our Services, including by providing advertisements, content or features we think will be of interest to you.
Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards.
Work with our service providers who provide services such as website hosting, payment processing services, email delivery, credit card processing, auditing, shipping, and other similar services.
We only submit information to our service providers in order to be able to deliver the functionality of our services.
The information submitted to service providers is kept private and only used to provide our functionality.
It is not sold, available to, or used by any third parties.
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information is collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
Jimmy Beans Wool does not and will not sell your personal information.
Jimmy Beans Wool does not and will not sell or share your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
We only use your private information to deliver the functionality of our Services.
We only submit information to our service providers in order to be able to deliver the functionality of our services.
The information submitted to service providers is kept private and only used to provide our functionality.
It is not sold, available to, or used by any third parties.
When you participate in interactive features on our Services, information about you may be displayed publicly on our Services and on other sites or online services, including your photos, videos, posts, product feedback, and other optional information you choose to provide and make publicly available.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Jimmy Beans Wool's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Jimmy Beans Wool is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Jimmy Beans Wool will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, such as web site usage patterns.
Social Sharing Features
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools, which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
Security
We use reasonable security measures designed to protect information about you from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. As a matter of policy, we do not disclose details regarding our security measures as this could be beneficial information to criminals and other bad actors.
Please be advised that no security safeguards or standards are guaranteed to provide 100% security. You should always use appropriate self-protection measures and practice safe browsing on all websites.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by our Service Providers
We may allow our Service Providers to provide analytics services and serve you advertisements on our behalf. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and apps with this device or other devices. The information collected includes your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Jimmy Beans Wool and our service providers to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests to this device and other devices via the Services and other websites and apps, and better understand your online activity with our Services. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Your device may also include a feature that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through apps used for behavioral advertising purposes.
We may also work with our service providers, such as Google Ads, to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign. Please refer to the settings of those other websites or platforms for information about any choices they offer in connection with the delivery of interest-based ads.
If you would like to opt out of our transmission of advertising and analytics services, please email us at support@JimmyBeansWool.com.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
Jimmy Beans Wool is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update the online account information you provide to us by logging into your online account.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services such as placing orders via our website.
Receiving electronic communications from us
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails on a going-forward basis from one of our Services by following the instructions in those emails or by changing the preferences through your online account with each Service. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
If you have provided your information to Jimmy Beans Wool, and opt-out, Jimmy Beans Wool will put in place processes to honor your request. This may entail keeping some information for the purpose of remembering that you have opted-out.
If you have an account, you can log in to
your account and edit your personal options.
These changes are effective on the site immediately.
If you don't have an account, you can update your notification options for all of our email lists.
These changes are effective on the site immediately.
Promotional Calls
You may opt out of receiving promotional calls from us by letting us know during one of those calls or by sending an email to support@JimmyBeansWool.com with the subject line "opt out to calls".
How to access, correct, delete or exercise other rights regarding your Personal Information
Where applicable law allows for such a request, if you would like to request to access, correct, object to the use, restrict or delete Personal Information that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to request to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Information for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by applicable law), you may contact Jimmy Beans Wool at support@JimmyBeansWool.com with the subject line "Data Subject Request." We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law.
For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and as required by law.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Information provided until after the completion of such purchase or promotion.)
We are also required by law to retain records of invoices and transactions created within our Services for a varied number of years based on the type of information and transaction.
Are Children Allowed to Use JimmyBeansWool.com?
Jimmy Beans Wool does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are a minor (under 16 years of age, depending on your local law), you may use JimmyBeansWool.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
We do not knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If you believe that your child under the age of 13 has submitted personal information to us in connection with our website without prior verifiable parental consent, please contact us at support@JimmyBeansWool.com so that we can take steps to delete the personal information that she or he provided.
Additional Disclosures
Our website may provide links to other Internet sites, content or videos (embedded or direct links) maintained by third parties. We are not responsible for the sites, content, or videos accessed via the links, and we have not reviewed the privacy practices of those third parties. We encourage you to review the privacy practices of any such third parties.
If you are an international customer and you provide personal information through our website, you agree that the personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States of America and any other country or jurisdiction at our sole discretion. The laws that apply to the use and protection of personal information in the United States or other countries or jurisdictions in which we transfer or process personal information may be different than the laws and protections in your country.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Jimmy Beans Wool may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our site or by contacting you directly.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: 4850 Joule St
Ste A1, Reno, NV
89502, email us at support@JimmyBeansWool.com, or call us at (775)827-9276.