http://www.dibruno.com/privacy/
GROUND SHIPPING ENDS SOON,
SHOP BY 12am MONDAY! »
Search
Gifts
SHIP IT FREE!
CORPORATE GIFTING
GIFTS UNDER $100
COLOSSAL GIFTS!
Gourmet Gift Boxes and Cheese Plates
Holiday Gift Guide
Free Shipping
Stocking Stuffers & Holiday Treats
Monthly Clubs
Corporate Gifting
Cheese Tools & DB Gear
Best Sellers
Gift Cards
View All
Cheese
Wisconsin Cheese
View All
Best Sellers
2 FOR $10 CHEESE SPREADS!
Celebrating Wisconsin Cheese
View All
Cheese Spreads
Best Sellers
Award-Winning
Blue
Cheddar
Kilo Club
Monthly Clubs
Gifts & Samplers
Brie & Creamy
Table Cheese
Fresh & Chevre
Gouda
Mozzarella
The Parmigiano
Pecorino & Grating
Provolone
Stinky & Funky
Truffle
DB Signature Cheese
Cured Meats
Discover Prosciutto Di Parma
View All
Best Sellers
DB Signature Items
Best Sellers
Prosciutto di Parma
DB Signature Items
Prosciutto
Salami
Bacon
Gifts & Samplers
View All
Explore
Fall Flavors
Game Day
Try Something New!
From Philly, With Love
Award Winners
Top 10 Bestsellers
Shop Local
Specialty Foods
HOLIDAY STOCK UP & SAVE
View All
DB Signature Items
Truffle Season
Holiday Stock Up & Save
Snacks
DB Signature Items
Antipasti
Oil & Vinegars
Stock the Kitchen
Crackers
Pasta Sauces & Pastas
Sweets
Coffee & Tea
Cocktails & Mixers
Condiments
View All
Free Shipping!
Curbside
Locations
Curbside & Delivery
9th St. Outdoor Holiday Market
Thanksgiving Turkey at Rittenhouse
Rittenhouse Square
Italian Market
Ardmore
Franklin Market
Alimentari
9th Street Bottle Shop
Franklin Bottle Shop
Party At Our Store!
BANCA by Di Bruno Bros.
Delivery by Caviar
Catering
Winter Holiday Menu
Boxed Meal Menu
New Year's Eve Menu
Family-Style Menu
BANCA by Di Bruno Bros. Catering
Full Service Catering
Events at Di Bruno Bros.
In-Store Pickup & Delivery Menu
Inquire Now
Gift Certificates
Sign in
or Register
Cart
Search
Menu
Blog
Events
Contact
My Account
Search here...
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy and Security Policy
DI BRUNO BROS. respects your privacy and is committed to protecting and securely managing all of the personal information that you choose to share with us. During your online visit, you may be required to share personally identifiable information, such as your first and last name, physical address, telephone number or e-mail address. DI BRUNO BROS. collects this information in order to facilitate the delivery of services and/or the completion of an order. DI BRUNO BROS. will not sell, share, or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
DI BRUNO BROS. automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookies, and the page(s) you visited. This information is not considered personally identifiable information and cannot be used to identify any individual. Despite this, this information, again, will not be sold shared or rented to third parties in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Using Your Information
The personally identifiable information that you share with us is used for internal purposes such as:
Order history, status, tracking, and confirmation
Subscription services, e.g. catalogs and e-mail newsletters, designed to inform you of new products, services, and offers
Analyzing trends and statistics for internal use
As stated above, none of your personally identifiable information will be sold, shared, or rented to third parties. However, DI BRUNO BROS. will utilize and share aggregated demographic information with our marketing agents in order to analyze sales trends. This aggregated demographic information is in no way linked to an individual's personal information, and in no way can be used to single out or identify any individual.
There are times when we partner with third parties to provide specific services, such as the mailing of our newsletters and catalogs. When you sign up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to fulfill these services. As per our respective agreements, these third parties may not, under any circumstances, share or use any personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services as outlined in our agreement with them.
Controlling Your Information
In the "My Account" section of dibruno.com, you are able to review and / or alter the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. To delete your account, please contact us at customerservice@dibruno.com or call us at 1.888.322.4337.
E-Mail Newsletters and Catalogs
As a registered user of dibruno.com, you are signed up to occasionally receive information regarding special offers, seasonal items, new products, and services. This information is normally provided in the form of an e-mail newsletter and a catalog mailing. At anytime, you may opt out of the newsletter by clicking the "unsubscribe" button in a received newsletter or by contacting DI BRUNO BROS. customer service at customerservice@dibruno.com or 1.888.322.4337. You may remove yourself from our physical (catalog) mailing list by contacting DI BRUNO BROS. customer service at customerservice@dibruno.com or 1.888.322.4337.
SMS Communications
There is no fee from Di Bruno Bros. to receive messages; however, your carrier’s message and data rates may apply. Check with your mobile service provider. Charges are billed and payable to your mobile service provider or deducted from your prepaid account. Consent to receive text messages from Di Bruno Bros. is not required or a condition of purchasing any goods or services.By providing your mobile number to Di Bruno Bros., you consent to receive recurring automated text messages. You can unsubscribe from these messages at any time by texting “STOP” to 222200 (a confirmation message will be sent). If you have any questions, text “HELP” to 222200 or email customerservice@dibruno.com.Content is not available on all carriers, and carriers are subject to change without notice. Provider is not responsible for any delays upon sending or receiving text messages, or undelivered messages. This service is available in the U.S. only.
Security
Your personal information and payment information is always secure. We use the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to guarantee the security of your transactions and your information. DI BRUNO BROS. uses SSL to make sure that your data is always encrypted, secure, and protected.
Gift Cards
Gift Cards are valid for 365 days after the purchase date. Please contact customer service with questions at customerservice@dibruno.com or 1.888.322.4337.
×
×
Sign up to hear about exclusive offers, recipes, new products, and to receive a code for
15% Off
Your First Purchase!
Email Address
No thanks.