http://www.woodflowers.com/pages/privacy-policy
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to 1868 W 12600 S and Riverton Floral LLC (WoodFlowers.com) and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Riverton Floral LLC include 1868 W 12600 S. The Riverton Floral LLC website is a Retail Floral Shop site. By using the Riverton Floral LLC website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Riverton Floral LLC may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
-          First and Last Name
-          Mailing Address
-          E-mail Address
-          Phone Number
If you purchase Riverton Floral LLC's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Riverton Floral LLC collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Riverton Floral LLC may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Riverton Floral LLC and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Riverton Floral LLC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Riverton Floral LLC may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Riverton Floral LLC, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Riverton Floral LLC may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Riverton Floral LLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Riverton Floral LLC; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Riverton Floral LLC, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Riverton Floral LLC may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Riverton Floral LLC, in order to determine what Riverton Floral LLC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Riverton Floral LLC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Riverton Floral LLC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Riverton Floral LLC website.
Use of Cookies
The Riverton Floral LLC website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Riverton Floral LLC pages, or register with Riverton Floral LLC site or services, a cookie helps Riverton Floral LLC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Riverton Floral LLC website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Riverton Floral LLC features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Riverton Floral LLC services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Riverton Floral LLC secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Riverton Floral LLC uses the following methods for this purpose:
-          SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Riverton Floral LLC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Disconnecting your Riverton Floral LLC Account from Third Party Websites
You will be able to connect your Riverton Floral LLC account to third party accounts. BY CONNECTING YOUR RIVERTON FLORAL LLC ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES). IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time. _________________
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Riverton Floral LLC may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Riverton Floral LLC or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Riverton Floral LLC, you may opt out of such communications by _________________.
Changes to this Statement
Riverton Floral LLC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Riverton Floral LLC welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Riverton Floral LLC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Riverton Floral LLC at:
Riverton Floral LLC
WoodFlowers.com
_________________
Riverton, Utah 84065
Email Address:
general@woodflowers.com
Effective as of May 01, 2019