http://www.air-2.com/privacy
Menu
Home
Vaporizers
Accessories
Why Vaporize
Contact Us
Blog
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:
By accepting this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement, you expressly consent to Vapir’s use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the Terms of Use Agreement.
Vapir recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy.
Our policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our website you may provide us with two types of information: personal information that you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our website. We use the information that we collect on our site to provide you with a superior shopping experience.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information
When you place an order, Vapir will ask you to set up “your account,” which includes the personal information below, as well as certain other information. You will provide this information about yourself when you register for certain services, or register for email newsletters and alerts.
Credit Card Information
If you choose to purchase items from Vapir.com, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
-          Name
-          Mailing Address
-          Email Address
-          Credit Card Number
-          Name on Credit Card
-          Expiration Date
-          Credit Card Billing Address
-          Home and Business Phone Number
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Website Use Information
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and web server logs to collect information about how our website is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited right before and right after our website.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other items and services to our customers and prospective customers, to process your payment, improve our marketing and promotional efforts and improve our content and product offering, and customize our site’s content, layout, and services. These uses improve our site and better tailor to meet your needs. Occasionally, Vapir may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services, contests, sweepstakes and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you prefer not to receive optional email or other communication from us, you may adjust your account to prevent such communications. You may, additionally, notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at the link prvided on the newsletter, or by emailing us at customerservice@vapir.com. We protect all of your information against unauthorized access or release. We share your personal information with third parties if legally necessary to do so and as follows:
Agents – We may enter into an agreement with other companies or individuals to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include: sending promotional emails on our behalf to such companies’ customers, serving advertisements on our behalf, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and fulfilling and delivering orders. These companies and individuals will have access to information necessary to perform their functions. They will not be allowed to use the information for any other purpose and will be bound to the terms or our privacy policy. We may share non-personal, summary, or aggregate customer data with partners and other third parties.
Business Transfers – We may buy or sell stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information is usually treated as one of the transferred business assets. Should Vapir, Inc., or substantially all of either of their assets be sold, customer information will be one of the transferred business assets.
Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but to protect your privacy, your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
How Do We Use Information We Collect From Cookies?
As you shop on Vapir’s website, the site uses cookies to differentiate you from other shoppers so your shopping cart is only available to you. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjuncton with our web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our website and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our website and better serve our customers.  Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal information that your browser provided to us in your cookies.
IP Addresses
IP Addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as “traffic data” so that data, such as the web pages you request, can be sent to you.
Sharing and Selling Information
Vapir does not share or sell any of the information collected from our customers or visitors with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process and ship your orders from the website.
Notice of New Services and Changes
Occasionally, we may use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services, contests and special offers we think you will find valuable. As our customer, you will be given the opportunity to notify us of your desire to receive these offers by sending us an email request at customerservice@vapir.com. Additionally, you may adjust your account to prevent such communications on the “your account” tab on any screen.
How Do We Protect Your Information and Secure Information Transmissions?
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email. However, doing so is allowed, but at your own risk. Some of the information you may enter on our website may be transmitted securely via a secure medium known as Secure Sockets Layer or SSL. This secure layer provides up to 128 bit encryption, which are enabled by GeoTrust. Credit Card information is never transmitted via email. Vapir’s company officers and its trained employees are the only persons authorized to retrieve detailed order information. Order information is stored in a password protected directory. Credit Card numbers are automatically deleted after a period of times which usually doesn’t exceed 7 days. Please contact customerservice@vapir.com if you have any questions or concerns.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our dataset by emailing customerservice@vapir.com. Additionally, you may adjust your account to prevent such communications on the “your account” tab on any screen
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compel to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Websites Linked to Our Website?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to users of our website.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our website to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites, which have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection, us e and disclosure of information by Vapir, Inc. and to the terms of this privacy policy. If we ever change our privacy policy, we will post any changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information that we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. If we were to make a material change to our privacy policy, we will either post a notice on our website or send you an email.
A Special Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our website and services. We ask that children, under the age of 21, do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Please note that your information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States may be less stringent than the laws of your Country of residence or citizenship, but Vapir will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. TO prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Control of Your Password
You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, including payment. Therefore, Vapir does not recommend that you disclose your password to any third parties. If you choose to share your User ID and password or your information with third parties to provide for additional services, you are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password, and therefore, you should review that third party’s privacy policy. If you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password by logging into your account and changing it manually. If you believe that someone has gained unauthorized use of your password, you must contact us immediately by email at customerservice@vapir.com.
Upon your written request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, email customerservice@vapir.com. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
We will retain in our files the information you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement. Further, such prior information is never completely removed from our databases due to technical and legal constraints, including stored “back up” systems. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personally identifiable information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
Notice
We may amend this privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the site. All amended terms shall automatically be effective 30 days after they are initially posted on the site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of Vapir, or your dealings with our website, please contact us by email at: customerservice@vapir.com.
We welcome your feedback!
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
News & Press
Careers
Investors
V-Cycling Program