http://www.caboodlebags.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Close menu
Home
All Bags
Backpack
Fun & Funky
Tote Bag
Classic
Travel Wallet
FAQ
About
Log in
Create account
Our Privacy and Security Notice
Privacy
Here at Caboodle Bags we take our business and our customers seriously. We have developed this privacy notice in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to safeguard the privacy of our customers who use our web site. We have done our very best to ensure that our site has been developed in accordance with this privacy statement and adhere to the following set of privacy principles:
In order to (optionally) register on our site, we ask for your name, email address and we might request additional information about you. The information you supply will help us to offer you a more personalised service, and to tailor our site to your interests and to make the site more useful to you.
Some online shopping transactions may request or require that our customers provide personal information (such as name, street address, and/or e-mail address); transaction mailing address (such as address to which goods are to be sent); and/or financial information (such as account numbers or credit card numbers).
We do not share information collected from our customers with any third parties except those parties that help us administer our Web site and/or help us authorise online payment. These third parties may not use the information for any other purpose, and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of our customer information.
Customer information that is required in order to process an online shopping transaction will be marked "required".
Customer information requested, but not required in order to process an order will be marked as "optional".
Information obtained from customers during a transaction may be matched against our existing records if necessary to ensure that the transaction is valid and/or to update our records if applicable.
Information about the transaction may be recorded in our system in order to document when and how the service was provided.
We provide an e-mail address for your use if you have questions or concerns about any transaction (info@caboodlebags.co.uk).
We may release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or protect the rights, property, or safety of our business, our customers, or others.
Access and Security:
We will take necessary steps to verify the identity of those conducting online shopping or other transactions. Certain areas of our site limits access to specific individuals through the use of a unique identifier and Password.
We are committed to ensuring the security of your information. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we store in our systems and/or collect through our site.
Contact information:
If you have any questions about the Caboodle Bags privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please do not hesitate to contact us.
info@caboodlebags.co.uk
Tweets by @caboodlebags