http://www.mailboxworks.com/privacy-policy/
Free shipping on orders over $30
Toggle navigation
Lowest Prices on Mailboxes, Period.
Cart
Residential Mailboxes
All Residential Mailboxes
Mailbox and Post Packages
Mailbox Only (without Post)
Wall Mount Mailboxes & Mail Slots
Locking Mailboxes
Mailbox Posts
Column Mount Mailboxes
Package Drop Boxes
Novelty Mailboxes
Multi-Unit Mailboxes
Replacement Parts
Commercial Mailboxes
All Commercial Mailboxes
CBU Mailboxes
Postal Delivery 4C & 4B+ Horizontal Mailboxes
Private Distribution Mailboxes: Horizontal, 4C Mailboxes
Vertical Mailboxes
University Mailboxes
Drop Boxes
Cell Phone Storage Lockers
Mail Slots
Key Keepers
Replacement Parts
Address Plaques
All Address Plaques & House Numbers
Address Plaques & House Number Signs
House Numbers and Letters
Lawn Address Markers and Plaques
Signs & Specialty Plaques
Home and Garden
All Home and Garden
Bird Feeders and Bird Baths
Clocks and Thermometers
Country Bells
Cupolas
Doorbells and Door Knockers
Door Mats
Garden Stakes and Poem Signs
Hose Holders and Hose Pots
Lanterns and Fire Pits
Nature Hooks
Outdoor Faucets
Outdoor Lighting
Sundials
Wall Art
Weathervanes
Our Brands
Search for:
(866) 717-4943
Request a Quote
Contact Us
Call Our Experts
(866) 717-4943
MailboxWorks Privacy Policy
This MailboxWorks privacy policy is for the website www.mailboxworks.com and served by MailboxWorks, a division of FBUKI, LLC. This privacy policy governs the privacy of its users and whomever chooses to use it. This mailboxworks.com website complies with all American national laws and requirements for user privacy as well as the new European Data Protection Law, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
MailboxWorks is a respected online retailer and supplier of residential mailboxes and commercial mailboxes and has been serving customers across North America since 1989.
Security Information
As an online mailbox retailer, MailboxWorks utilizes every appropriate security measure to protect any information our clients provide to us. Through every stage of data collection, storage, and application, your information will be encrypted and protected with SSL, the current industry-standard encryption protocol. Secure SSL-encrypted pages have URLs that start with “https://” instead of “http://.” If you have any questions about security at our Website, please email us.
MailboxWorks is a division of FBUKI LLC, and all information collected through mailboxworks.com is owned by FBUKI LLC. Your information will never be sold, rented, shared or otherwise utilized in any manner outside of our contractual agreement(s) stated in this privacy policy, unless first authorized by you.
Yahoo! Analytics
The MailboxWorks utilizes Yahoo! third-party web beacons, which helps us to analyze on-site visitor activity on our website. Information collected about you on our website (and other applicable websites) will be utilized to help us improve our mailbox products, our customer services, and to provide targeted goods and services ads that may be of interest to you.
Google Analytics, Social Media & Remarketing
All online properties owned by FBUKI, LLC are subject to the use of both search and event analytics, which we utilize to help improve our services as well as the user experience on our website and/or mobile website. Analytics data is an anonymous and accepted standard online practice that helps online businesses monitor and measure online user activities. Analytics are never used to track or record any personal data.
At its sole discretion, FBUKI, LLC may utilize customer email addresses, which are obtained from completed purchases. Email promotions are used to advertise via remarketing platforms like Google AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook Ads, Twitter Ads, and other marketing platforms. If you wish to opt out from receiving emails or online remarketing promotions, please see our section entitled How to Opt Out of Periodic Emails and Remarketing Lists. To opt out of Google Analytics, you must download and install this web extension by Google.
Cookies and IP Addresses
The MailboxWorks has always been committed to protecting the privacy of our residential and commercial customers. We use the IP address of visitors to our website for a variety of purposes; from diagnosing service problems and helping us to improve user experience, to identifying the user’s shopping cart and or demographics. Your browser also needs to be set to accept cookies if you wish for our site to recognize your account and your shopping cart information. Cookies cannot be used to access any confidential information within your computer hard drive.
Web beacons are also used by MailboxWorks, which allow us to deliver cookies and determine user activity on our web pages. We also use Third Party Advertisers to tailor and display content and serve ads to our customers on our behalf. These Third Party Advertisers may also utilize cookies and/or web beacons in order to monitor and measure effectiveness, efficiencies, etc., of websites.
External Links
This MailboxWorks website contains links to other third-party websites. Your use of our website indicates that you acknowledge responsibility and accept the privacy practices and/or the content provided by any other website we link to.
Your Personal Information
On the MailboxWorks website you’ll find several forms. These secure forms can be utilized by you to request information regarding our mailbox products and services. The secure forms are used to collect your contact information, which may include but is not limited to your address, email, phone number, products you are interested in, plus financial information. Any information you provide may be used to help MailboxWorks send you information about your orders, or to fulfill orders, or to process and collect payments. On occasion, we may also send promotional marketing material about the MailboxWorks and our partners either via email or through social media networks like Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
We may also collect demographic and profile data through our sites (see the section above titled Google Analytics, Remarketing, and Social Media). Any data we collect is used to tailor your experiences on our website so we can display the content according to your preferences or to show you relevant content that we think might be of interest to you.
Opting Out of Periodic Emails & Remarketing Lists
You will always have the option to opt out of our periodic emails. To opt out at any time, simply click the “Unsubscribe” option at the bottom of the email. We take all opt-out requests very seriously. Every effort will be made to abide by your wishes within the limitations of our Privacy Policy.
Please Note: Ads displayed on Google, Bing, Facebook, Twitter, and other networks are based on the user’s search history — this means that even if you have unsubscribed from our marketing lists, you may still see our ads online depending on your web searches and web history.
Third-Party Service Providers
In order to fulfill orders, deliver packages, and send emails or postal mail, the MailboxWorks sometimes employs other companies and individuals who perform some of these functions on our behalf. This may include providing search results, links, or ads on our behalf, or helping us to process credit card payments. Consequently, even though these companies and individuals may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, they are strictly forbidden from using this privileged information for other purposes. FBUKI, LLC regards customer information as an asset that may be transferred to another company as part of an acquisition of The MailboxWorks.
Hotjar
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. This includes a device’s IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and the preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the ‘about Hotjar’ section of Hotjar’s support site.
Legal Disclaimer
FBUKI LLC and its MailboxWorks division may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, or to comply with a legal process served on our Website.
Privacy Policy Changes – At our discretion and at any time, mailboxworks.com and its parent company FBUKI, LLC reserves the right to update and revise this privacy policy.
Acceptance of Use – By voluntarily accessing and using this mailboxworks.com website you are indicating your unequivocal acceptance to the terms and conditions of this website and the information contained within this Privacy Policy.
CONSENT – By consenting to this MailboxWorks privacy policy you grant permission to process your personal data specifically for the purposes herein identified. Whenever you are asked for sensitive data, we will always tell you why and how the information will be collected and utilized. You can address any questions, concerns, complaints, or withdrawal of your consent by notifying us by email or by phone at 1-866-717-4943.
Revision Date: 12/01/19
Customers who trusted us with their projects:
×Close
Image preview
Close