https://www.customwaxnseals.net/terms-conditions/
facebook
google
instagram
pinterest
rss
tumblr
twitter
youtube
arrow-left
arrow-right
cart
search
user
mail
print
star
star-half
menu
close-circle
close
linkedin
minus
plus
stumble-upon
heart
apple-pay
loop
cog
mastercard
americanexpress
paypal
visa
interac
discover
lock
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Home
Wax Seal Stamps
All Wax Seal Stamps
Company or Personal Design
Monograms Bespoke
Single Initial Designs
Family Crest Designs
All Family Crest Designs
Surnames - A
Surnames - B
Surnames - C
Surnames - D
Surnames - E
Surnames - F
Surnames - G
Surnames - H
Surnames - I
Surnames - J
Surnames - K
Surnames - L
Surnames - M
Surnames - N
Surnames - O
Surnames - P
Surnames - Q
Surnames - R
Surnames - S
Surnames - T
Surnames - U
Surnames - V
Surnames - W
Surnames - X
Surnames - Y
Surnames - Z
Scottish Clan Wax Seals
Victorian Monograms
All Victorian Monograms
Victorian Monogram A's
Victorian Monogram B's
Victorian Monogram C's
Victorian Monogram D's
Victorian Monograms E's
Victorian Monograms F's
Victorian Monograms G's
Victorian Monograms H's
Victorian Monograms I's
Victorian Monograms J's
Victorian Monograms K's
Victorian Monograms L's
Victorian Monograms M's
Victorian Monograms N's
Victorian Monograms O's
Victorian Monograms P's
Victorian Monograms Q's
Victorian Monograms R's
Victorian Monograms S's
Victorian Monograms T's
Victorian Monograms U's
Victorian Monograms V's
Victorian Monograms W's
Victorian Monograms X's
Victorian Monograms Y's
Victorian Monograms Z's
Bespoke Name Designs
Design Service
Wax Seal Design Catalogue
All Wax Seal Design Catalogue
Birds
All Birds
Eagles
Humming Birds
Owls
Peacocks
Swans
Animals
All Animals
CATS and DOGS
FARM
FOXES
HORSES
LIONS and BIG CATS
PIGS
SMALL
WILD
WOLVES
Angels
Arabic Calligraphy
Art Deco
BIRTHDAY
CASTLES
CELTIC
CHRISTMAS
CLADDAGH
CREST IMAGES
All CREST IMAGES
CREST BIRDS
CREST BEARS
CREST BOAR
CREST BULL
CREST FOXES
CREST GRIFFIN
CREST HORSES
CREST LIONS
CROSSES
CROWNS
DRAGONS
EGYPTIAN
FAIRIES
FIRE SERVICE
FLEUR DE LYS
FLOWERS
All FLOWERS
ROSES
FRUIT n' VEG
GRADUATION
GRECIAN
HALLOWEEN
HISTORICAL
INDIAN
INSECTS
All INSECTS
BEES
BUTTERFLIES
INSIGNIA DESIGNS
IRELAND
KANJI SYMBOLS
KNIGHTS & HORSEMEN
MAPS
MASKS
MASONIC
MEDICAL and HEALING
MEDIEVAL
MILITARY
MISCELLANEOUS
MUSIC
MYTHICAL CREATURES
ORIENTAL
PATTERNS
PROFESSIONS
RABBITS
RELIGION
ROYAL DESIGNS
SCOTLAND
SEA LIFE
SHIPS & BOATS
SKULLS & PIRATES
SPORT
STEAMPUNK
SYMBOLS & ICONS
TRAVEL
TREES and LEAVES
UNICORNS
USA
VICTORIAN
WEDDING & ROMANCE
WICCA & PAGAN
Peel and Stick - Self Adhesive
All Peel and Stick - Self Adhesive
Custom Order Links
Monogram Designs
Wedding and Love
Miscellaneous
Christmas
Peel n Stick Samples Service
Letter Sealing Wax
All Letter Sealing Wax
7mm Small Glue Gun Sealing Wax
11mm Large Glue Gun Sealing Wax
Block Flexible Sealing Wax
SALE
Bottle Dipping Wax
All Bottle Dipping Wax
Tear Strip Ribbons
Deluxe Wooden Gift Sets
Tools & Accessories
Personalised Cufflinks
All Personalised Cufflinks
Family Crest
Scottish Clan Cufflinks
Military Cufflinks
Wedding Designs
Your Own Design
Victorian Monograms
Bespoke Designs
Monograms
Signet Rings
Chocolates - Handmade
Design Elements
Design Elements
Font Library
Border Standard Design Options
Borders Deluxe Design Options
Stamp Sizes and Handles
Information
Information
Express Engraving
How to use sealing wax - tips & tricks
How to submit your design
How to place an order
How to shop and payment options
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ's
Shipping/Tracking
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Log in
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE NOTE AN ACCOUNT IS CREATED AUTOMATICALLY ON OUR SYSTEM WHEN AN ORDER IS PLACED TO HELP TRACKING PAST ORDERS AND COMMUNICATION - IF YOU WISH THIS TO BE REMOVED PLEASE LET US KNOW.
WEBSITE ARTWORK
ALL DESIGNS AND ARTWORK ON OUR WEBSITE BELONG TO THE DESIGN STATION LTD @ AND CANNOT BE RE-PRODUCED WITHOUT PRIOR PERMISSION.
ACCEPTANCE OF AN ORDER
On placing an order through this website is notification that you agree with our terms and conditions. These terms and conditions will be updated occasionally, please check them before making your purchase.  The onus is on the customer to place the order via the website, product order details, sizes and colours will be adhered to and errors in product specifications or delivery address are not the responsibility of 'The Design Station Ltd'.
PROOF
Unless specified, all designs with customisation are sent to the customer via email for approval (usually within 24-48 hours). Please respond ASAP with approval or alteration requests promptly to avoid delays, if we receive no response after 10 days, and do not respond to our follow-up emails, we reserve the right to engrave your design to the best of our ability and ship out to you.  We will endeavour to contact you via email -  or telephone (if in the UK).
PRICE
All prices are quoted in £ Sterling. All prices are exclusive of postage/shipping & packing (unless specified otherwise).. You will be given the total price of the transaction including carriage before you complete your purchase. There are no hidden extra costs. Prices are shown in the shopping cart ex VAT, which is added to your order on completion.  All orders delivered within the EEC will be liable for VAT, charged at the standard rate.  Orders outside of the EEC do not incur VAT and this will reflect in the shopping cart once you add your shipping address.
PAYMENT
UK Cheque Payments are NOT accepted.. WORLDPAY and STRIPE payments are accepted in £ Sterling Only. When you have completed your selections you are automatically transferred to our secure server operated by WORLDPAY or STRIPE, which acts as a gateway for our merchant bank.  As soon as the transaction is confirmed The Design Station receives an authorisation code from Worldpay or STRIPE. The secure server operated by WORLDPAY is acknowledged as an industry standard for applications requiring a high degree of security.  PAYPAL payments are also accepted.
PASSING OF PROPERTY
The Design Station shall retain legal title to the products until all payment has been made in full by the Customer.
PASSING OF RISK
The risk on the Products shall pass to the Customer on delivery once the products have been received. Please note that sealing wax is not suitable for Children unless under adult supervision.  Sealing wax contains pigments that may stain, we recommend testing prior to use for suitability on your product.
DELIVERY
Any date or period for delivery shall be considered as indicative only if a product is in stock, we aim to send it out on your behalf to your specified delivery address within 2 days of your order. If we cannot dispatch an item shown to be in stock to you within the specified time we will notify you and at your request we will cancel the order and refund your money in full.  The Design Station deliver worldwide on your behalf. The Design Station are not responsible for any deliveries sent outside the UK, we will send your order on your behalf by Courier  and supply you with date of shipping and your order tracking number if applicable. Current carriage charges are at cost. We can not accept responsibility for delayed parcels, or for parcels that have been delivered to an incorrectly supplied address, an incorrect address invalidates our right to claim compensation on lost parcels. We do accept delivery's to APO AND PO Box numbers.  Orders returned due to non-delivery or refused delivery will not be re-shipped without further payment of additional re-shipping costs.All Mail exported from the UK is liable for random Customs Inspections, although we appreciate that Customs do protect our borders, as a company we cannot be held accountable for delays caused in this manner.  Delivery times are only estimated  - No service is guaranteed - International transit times are estimated and assume no Customs delays or severe weather conditions.
Once your order has been dispatched for UK delivery by ROYAL MAIL, DPD, DHL, FEDEX or PARCELFORCE, an email and text notification will be sent to you, in the case of non-delivery of your order, we must be be notified within 7 days to allow time to investigate non-delivery.  Non receipt of goods over 14 days are unable to be rectified as specified in COURIER Terms and Conditions.  GOODS shipped via ROYAL MAIL First Class Post are un-tracked and not insured - we are not able to guarantee a delivery date - if your order is urgent we advise Courier delivery.
INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING OPTIONS:
We ship International via Royal Mail, ParcelForce, FEDEX and DHL only, rates setup in our shopping cart are only an estimate and FEDEX and DHL do sometimes charge more based on your address (and/or remote locations) and the weight and size of your parcel.  Should your shipping cost come out higher than we anticipated, we reserve the right to ship via a cheaper service (between FEDEX and DHL) or request a further amount to cover the cost of shipping.  GOODS shipped via ROYAL MAIL First Class Post are un-tracked and not insured - we are not able to guarantee a delivery date - if your order is urgent we advise Courier delivery.
ACCEPTANCE
The Customer shall inspect the goods within a reasonable time period after their receipt. (This does not however affect the customer's statutory rights).
GUARANTEE REFUNDS AND RETURNED GOODS
If any Products supplied should be defective from those ordered The Design Station will provide an immediate full refund or replacement on return of Products.  Goods exchanged, returned or replaced for reasons other than complaint will be subject to our postage and packing charges (at cost), plus a 15% re-stocking fee of the total cost of the order. A small amount of Import duty may apply. Please be aware, if non receipt is due to failure to pay import duty, we regret we will be unable to make a refund on your purchase. In placing your order you do accept liability for import tax if applicable. We will not accept responsibility for postal charges or lost items when returning non-defective goods (adequate postal insurance should be taken out by the customer).. If you return your order for any other reason within 30 days, a full refund will be given minus our shipping and packing charge, plus a 15% administrative cost. All returned non-defective goods must be in re-saleable condition and in the original packaging. Please note Engraved goods and Handmade Peel and Stick wax seal impressions cannot be returned unless faulty.  If faulty, goods must be returned within 30 days of dispatch of your order. In the circumstance where we try to deliver your gift but an incorrect delivery address has been entered on your order form, we will contact you and offer you the option to have your order re-delivered, subject to a further shipping charge.
Please address any returned Products to: The Design Station Ltd, HomeLeigh, The Nabb, TELFORD TF2 9BY United Kingdom.
As all our wax seals, peel and sticks, bottle wax and jewellery items are custom hand made to order, Cancellation prior to shipping or production will incur a 10% administration fee - cost of the order value will be charged, in cases of Custom artwork prior to engraving, a charge of £10 to cover time and labour will be charged. Unfortunately, once orders have been submitted for engraving, a fee will be charged to cover the full cost of the artwork, engraving process and materials used (metal stamp). The customer retains the right to the metal stamp head, all postage charges will be met by the customer if required. Any unclaimed engraved stamp heads become the property of The Design Station Ltd, after a period of 28 days from the date of cancellation to be disposed of as we see fit.
We offer a product which enables the purchaser the ability to create a wax seal impression, we do not however offer tuition, numerous videos are available on YouTube, but if you wish the personal touch for helpful advice and tips, please feel free to call.
CANCELLATION
The Design Station reserves the right to refuse any order or part of order or to require further or better information to enable it to evaluate or process the order. The Design Station accepts no liability for any failure to ship products where this results from it inability to do so or its decision on reasonable grounds not to do so, provided it takes all reasonable steps to notify the customer within 14 days of order placement that products will not be shipped as ordered.As all our wax seals are custom engraved to order, Cancellation prior to shipping or engraving will incur a 10% administration cost of the order value, in cases of Custom artwork prior to engraving, a charge of £10 to cover time and labour will be charged. Unfortunately, once orders have been submitted for engraving, a fee will be charged to cover the full cost of the artwork, engraving process and materials used (metal stamp). The customer retains the right to the metal stamp head, all postage charges will be met by the customer if required. Any unclaimed engraved stamp heads become the property of The Design Station Ltd, after a period of 28 days from the date of cancellation to be disposed of as we see fit.
DATA PROTECTION & PRIVACY
The Design Station will not pass any customer details to any third party. We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998) and according to the Which? Web Trader Code of Practice. We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service. We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us or from another trader in the future. The type of information we will collect about you includes: your name address phone number & email. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law and the Which? Web Trader Code. If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION
If the Customer has any complaint he or she should contact The Design Station on 07854 199217 or email the complaint to jackie@thedesignstation.co.uk. The Design Station agrees to respond promptly to all complaints in a fair and equitable manner. The Design Station and the Customer shall use their best efforts to negotiate in good faith and settle amicably any dispute that may arise out of the supply of Products or these Conditions. If the parties cannot settle any such dispute within 21 days it shall be determined by an independent third party jointly nominated by the parties ("the third party"). If the parties shall fail to nominate a Third Party within a further 7 days then the Third Party shall be nominated at the request of either party. The consumer is not compelled to take part in these proceedings. The Third Party shall act as an expert and not as an arbitrator whose decision (including as to costs) shall be final and binding upon the parties.
MATERIAL YOU PROVIDE TO US
If you send ideas, remarks, questions, data, graphics or the like to us, these will become the exclusive property of The Design Station Ltd. The Submissions will be deemed to be non-confidential and The Design Station shall be entitled to use or disclose the Submissions in any manner whatsoever, without liability or notice to you. The Submissions or any other information you send to the Site should not contain material which is offensive, pornographic, defamatory, blasphemous, unlawful or likely to infringe any applicable law, whether civil, criminal or religious. If you do not wish your design to be used on this site, please advise via email at the time of submission.If you provide The Design Station Ltd with graphics, photographs, drawings or information to be used in any form, you hereby warrant that these do not infringe the rights of third parties and indemnify The Design Station Ltd against any action taken against The Design Station Ltd by any such third party.
Please note, trademark and Copyright protected logos supplied and owned by the customer for engraving are exempt from these conditions.
LAW
These terms and conditions are governed and shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.
INTERNATIONAL BUYERS PLEASE NOTE:Import duties, taxes, and charges are not included in the item price or shipping cost. These charges are the buyer's responsibility.Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to purchase.FOR INFORMATION ON DUTY AND TAXES we recommend the following website  http://www.dutycalculator.com/