http://www.warehouseexpress.com/help/terms-and-conditions/
We use cookies on our site so you can place orders and to improve your experience. Continue to use our site as normal if you are happy with this, otherwise change your settings here.
Accept
Back To Home Page
Help
Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Status of terms
Place of performance and applicable law
Placing an order
Returns and cancellation policy
Delivery
Complaints handling procedure
Content
Limitation of liability
Copyright
Software
Purchases and part exchange
Warranty on sale of used products
Consumer Finance
Other terms
Competition rules
Online vouchers
Battery recycling scheme
WEEE recycling scheme
PayPal Express and guest orders
Matters beyond our reasonable control
For information regarding our Privacy Policy and Site Security, please see the relevant sections in Help.
1. Status of terms
1.1 These terms constitute a legal document ("the Agreement"), which sets out the rights and obligations of you as a user or purchaser ("you") and those of Warehouse Express Limited ("Wex Photo Video", "we" or "us") in relation to the products and services offered by us through this site or any of the other sites owned by us (“the Web Site”). By using the Web Site, ordering products from us or registering for Wex Photo Video services, you agree to the terms of this Agreement, and you re-affirm that agreement every time you use the Web Site or any of our services.
1.2 You agree to: provide true, accurate, current and complete information about you as prompted by our registration form (such information being the "Registration Data"); and maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Wex Photo Video has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Wex Photo Video has the right to suspend or terminate your account, cease supply and refuse you any and all current or future use of the Wex Photo Video site (or any portion of it).
1.3 We reserve the right to: modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Web Site (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Web Site; and/or change the Agreement from time to time, and your continued use of the Web Site (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Agreement has been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Agreement then you must immediately stop using the Web Site.
2. Place of performance and applicable law
2.1 Wex Photo Video is a trading name of Warehouse Express Limited. Warehouse Express Limited is a company registered in England and Wales (Registered Number 03366976, VAT number 108 2374 32). Unless otherwise specified, the materials on this site are directed solely at those who access this site from the United Kingdom mainland. Wex Photo Video makes no representation that any product referred to in the materials on this site is appropriate for use, or available, in other locations. Those who choose to access this site from other locations are responsible for compliance with local laws if and to the extent local laws are applicable. This Agreement is governed by English law. You and we each submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in relation to disputes arising out of this Agreement.
2.2 For all orders for delivery outside of mainland UK, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, all ownership, title and risk in goods will pass to you immediately at the point and time at which such goods are placed at your disposal at our premises in the UK. The prices payable for goods as set out on our Web Site are inclusive of UK VAT, but exclusive of local taxes, import duties and clearances. You acknowledge and agree that Wex Photo Video has no liability to you in respect of any such taxes including VAT, duties or clearances which may become payable, after the goods have been placed at your disposal at our premises in the UK.
3. Placing an order
3.1 A notice will be displayed on your web browser before you submit an order with Wex Photo Video. This contains important information such as a description, price and delivery charges of the good or services ordered. We suggest that you print off a hard copy of the notice or save a copy to your hard drive for your own records.
3.2 You place the order for your products on the Web Site by pressing the confirm order button at the end of the checkout process. We will send to you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered. This is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Wex Photo Video. As your product is shipped from our warehouse we will send you a despatch confirmation email. Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch to you of the products ordered.
3.3 We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of products appearing on the Web Site are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto the system. Although we aim to keep the Web Site as up to date as possible, the information including product descriptions appearing on this Web Site at a particular time may not always reflect the position at the moment you place an order. In the event the products ordered are not as described, Wex Photo Video will give you the right to reject the goods within a reasonable time period for a full refund.
3.4 In the unlikely event that an incorrect price is shown on the Web Site. Wex Photo Video reserves the right to not fulfil the order at that price. In such a circumstance, you will be notified, and given the choice to proceed with the order at the correct price.
3.5 All prices shown are inclusive of VAT at the applicable rate. On second-hand items, when applicable, VAT is calculated under the VAT Margin Scheme, as defined by HM Revenue & Customs. Under this scheme VAT is not shown separately. Should the applicable VAT rate change, Wex Photo Video reserve the right to adjust retail prices accordingly. For items which are placed on back order, VAT will be charged at the applicable rate at time of dispatch.
3.6 You agree that we may use personal information provided by you in the course of placing your order to conduct any appropriate fraud checks. As part of these checks, personal information that you have provided may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. The search will lead to an ID check footprint.
3.7 When placing an order on our Web Site you will be asked if you would like to opt into our marketing lists. To opt out contact us via email or phone. For further information on how we use personal data, read our privacy policy.
3.8 We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Web Site.
4. Returns and cancellation policy
4.1 Subject to the right of consumers to return goods for refund under the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013 and the Consumer Rights Act 2015, Wex Photo Video does not sell products on a trial basis. Customers are strongly advised to check suitability and specifications of products before ordering.
4.2 As part of our Wex Promise, we offer customers the opportunity to return goods up to 30 days after receipt (“the Returns Period”), subject to the terms and conditions in this returns policy.
4.3 You must prior to returning any goods received, contact our Customer Services Department or by completing our online form. A model cancellation form which may be used to inform us of your intention to return a product and/or cancel an order is set out here. Failure to contact us in respect of a return or cancellation in line with one of the methods set out above will result in a delay in processing your refund or the product being returned to you. All authorised returns must be returned to Returns Department, Unit B, Frenbury Estate, Norwich, Norfolk, NR6 5DP.
4.4 If you exercise your right to cancel your order after the goods have been despatched, you will be responsible for returning the goods to Wex Photo Video (within 14 days of notifying us) at your own risk and cost, therefore we strongly recommend you use an insured delivery method, such as Royal Mail Special Delivery. For items which cannot ordinarily be returned by post, we will at your request use our reasonable endeavours to arrange a courier to collect the goods; the estimated maximum cost of this would be £10 per item. (See 4.9 below in relation to the return of faulty goods.)
4.5 All returns are subject to the following conditions, except where the goods are faulty or incorrectly described on the Web Site.
Your item is complete and in 'as new' saleable condition:
If you have opened the box to examine the product you must have done so without damaging or marking the product or packaging
You haven't used the item
The item contains no personal data and hasn't been registered to a user
The item must be returned within 14 days of you requesting to return it.
While you have to pay to return the goods, we will refund the standard delivery cost of getting the goods to you in the first place (if you paid for delivery). If you opted for an enhanced service eg before 9am, we will only refund the standard delivery cost.
Any use of the product is relative to examining it, and ensuring it suits your needs. The extent to which you can handle the goods is the same as it would be if you were assessing them in a shop. Wex Photo Video does not sell products on a trial basis.
A deduction can be made if the value of the goods has been reduced as a result of you handling the goods more than was necessary. We may refuse the return of items without the original packaging or where it has been returned in poor condition.
Software, memory cards and DVDs can only be accepted if still sealed. This policy is to avoid any potential breach of the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act (CDPA) 1988. All opened software is exempt from return under the terms of the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013. Software that arrives damaged or is physically faulty may be returned under our normal returns policy.
It is returned with the original box, packing and any accessories you received with it.
A proof of purchase must be supplied.
You also return any free gifts which came with the product, which also must be in their original packaging and in a saleable condition
We will not refund any items that have been specially ordered to your individual specification or personalised.
Gift Vouchers are not eligible for exchange or refund
4.6 Until such time as you return the goods to us you must take reasonable care of the item(s). Any use of or damage to the delivered goods or product packaging beyond that necessary to inspect the goods upon delivery may result in you incurring a restocking charge to cover the loss that we might reasonably expect to incur in reselling the item(s). We may refuse the return of items without the original packaging or where it has been returned in poor condition.
4.7 Subject to 4.6 above, if you exercise your right to cancel your order within 30 days (where the goods are not found to be faulty), we will reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us).
4.8 Faulty goods: For faulty goods we offer the following terms:
You will always have the option of an exchange or refund if the fault occurs within 30 days of delivery.
If the fault has occurred within the first six months after delivery but after the first 30 days, you can ask us to repair or replace faulty goods. However, we can, choose the solution that is more proportionate or practical for us.  In the majority of cases, we will send an item for repair in the first instance. If the repair is unsuccessful, you can then claim a replacement or a full refund.  Alternatively we will seek to agree a price reduction with you if you wish to keep the product.
After six months, unless you can demonstrate that the fault was present at the time of original delivery or we have previously arranged a repair and this has failed to resolve the fault, our liability will be limited to providing you with reasonable support to make a claim under the manufacturer’s warranty, where applicable.
In all cases we reserve the right to inspect the product and verify the fault and, if no fault is found, return the product to you. In these circumstances, no refund will be processed until the returned goods have been received by us and an appraisal made as to any fault. This promise does not cover faults caused by accident, neglect, misuse or normal wear and tear.4.8.1 For faulty Wacom products outside of 30 days of ownership, we would require you to contact Wacom directly in the first instance. They are able to resolve many issues without the need to return the device. If they are unable to resolve, please contact us with your Wacom case number and we will then arrange to get the product back from you as per our Faulty returns policy.
4.9 Any refund due to a fault or other defect will include a refund of the delivery charge. In such circumstances we will also pay for your costs of returning the goods (up to £10 in the UK and £20 outside the UK). Beyond six months you will be responsible for covering the costs of returning the goods (unless you have been able to establish that the goods were defective at the time of original delivery, in which case we will reimburse your costs as set out above). We strongly recommend you use an insured method such as Royal Mail Special Delivery. Replacement goods are sent by standard delivery only (i.e. premium services are not available).
4.10 Refunds will be processed within 14 days of receipt of the returned products.
4.11 This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights. Details of your statutory rights are available from the citizens advice bureau or consumer direct.
5. Delivery
5.1 Details of our delivery service are set out in our Delivery Information and Pricing page.
5.2 Wex Photo Video shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges or any expenses caused by any delay in the delivery of goods. If your delivery is later than agreed and it was essential that it was delivered on time, then you have the right to terminate the purchase and get a full refund.
5.3 For all orders for delivery outside of mainland UK, Northern Ireland, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man: You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to arrange for a courier to deliver the goods to you, or alternatively to collect the goods yourself from our premises. If you elect to arrange for someone else to deliver the goods to you, or will collect the goods from Wex Photo Video’ premises in the UK, you should make the appropriate election and contact Wex Photo Video to make arrangements for the goods to be made available for collection.  No collection of the Delivery Rate will be made by Wex Photo Video in these circumstances.5.4  Failed deliveries, as a result of an address problem or an item uncollected by the recipient, will be returned to our returns department by the carrier. On receipt, we will notify you and provide a full refund to the original payment source. You can then re-order if the item is still required.
6. Complaints handling procedure
In the unlikely event that you have any complaints as to our service or any of the goods and services supplied to you from our site, please contact us by either:
Using our Online Contact Form (Select Service Complaint)
or write to:
Wex Photo Video13 Frensham RoadNorwich NR3 2BTEngland
All complaints are taken seriously and will be investigated as soon as they are brought to our notice. We will endeavour to rectify any problems as soon as possible.
7. Content
7.1 Wex Photo Video shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on the Web Sites and specifically excludes all such liability.
7.2 Certain links in this Web Site (typically a banner advert or icon) will lead to other web sites, which are not under the control of Wex Photo Video. When you activate any of these links you will leave the Wex Photo Video site and Wex Photo Video has no control over and will accept no responsibility or liability for the material on any site, which is not under the control of Wex Photo Video.
8. Limitation of liability
8.1 We use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of information we place on the Web Site. In the event that a product is incorrectly described on the Web Site, you have the right to return that product for a refund (such refund being adjusted to take account of usage of the product prior to its return). Subject to the above, we make no warranties, whether express or implied in relation to the accuracy of content on the Web Site. The Web Site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations made, and we make no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Web Site, or any transaction that may be conducted on or through the Web Site including but not limited to, implied warranties of non-infringement, compatibility, security, accuracy, conditions of completeness, or any implied warranty arising from course of dealing or usage or trade.
8.2 We make no warranty that the Web Site will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the Web Site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the Web Site. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Web Site.
8.3 To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the products offered for sale on the Web Site. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
8.4 We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the Agreement for: any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or any loss of goodwill or reputation; or any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under the Agreement.
8.5 Nothing in the Agreement shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, agents or employees.
9. Copyright
9.1 You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Web Site shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.
9.2 You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Web Site is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may (if necessary to make a Purchase) download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Web Site is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
10. Software
10.1 Intellectual property rights in any software or any other copyrighted materials ("Software") and supporting documentation supplied by us to you remain our property or that of our licensors.
10.2 Without our written consent and without affecting any applicable statutory rights under the Copyright (Computer Program) Regulations 1992 (as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time) you shall not and shall not permit any other person to: disassemble, reverse engineer, decompile or in any other way interfere with the Software; copy or modify the Software; or create any new Software partly or wholly based on the Software.
10.3 Subject to the terms of this Agreement, you are licensed to use the Software and associated documentation non-exclusively, but only for the purposes identified on the site in relation to the Software.
10.4 You must not transfer, assign or sub-license your right to use the Software or attempt to do so.
11. Trade-In
11.1 In offering second-hand products to Wex, you confirm and warrant that: (i) you have full and legal title to the products being offered or are lawfully authorised to dispose of the products; (ii) the products are not encumbered by any debts, whether arising from a hire-purchase agreement or otherwise; (iii) the products were originally purchased inside the EU (and you acknowledge that we reserve the right to require documentary evidence to confirm that this was the case); (iv) unless expressly agreed with Wex in writing to the contrary, VAT is not chargeable in respect of the purchase of the second-hand products; and (v) you are over the age of 16 or, if not, that you have obtained consent from your parent or guardian to sell the products. You indemnify us from any claims that may arise if you send items to us in breach of this warranty. You acknowledge that, in the event that we become aware that any products sent to us are registered or reported as lost or stolen, we may contact the appropriate authorities.11.1.1 We are currently unable to provide quotations to customers based in either Jersey or Guernsey.
11.2 We will aim to provide a quotation within one business day of a request being submitted. Such quotations will be given in good faith based on the information you provide but are non-binding until such time that we have received the products and inspected or tested them.
11.3 All quotations provided to you are based on the assumption that all accessories originally supplied with the product will be supplied to us, unless otherwise specified at the beginning of the process. These accessories must be the genuine items from the manufacturer. Failure to supply these accessories may incur a deduction to the final quote.
11.4 When you have confirmed that the quotation provided is acceptable, we will arrange for the products to be collected from you by courier at our cost. You are responsible for packaging and labelling the products appropriately and acknowledge that we will not be liable for loss or damage to products that are not, in our reasonable opinion, packaged appropriately. You should remove any memory card or other data-storage devices from the products before sending them to us and acknowledge that we will not be responsible for the loss of any such devices or data held on them.
11.5 We reserve the right to amend or cancel any quotation or to offer a revised quotation following inspection of the products. If we offer a revised quotation by phone or email, you will have the right to accept or reject the revised quotation. Such quotations will be open for acceptance for a maximum period of seven days. We will require acceptance of a revised quotation to be in writing (i.e. by email).
11.6 Upon your acceptance of the quotation provided, if you do not already hold one, we will create a Wex account for you. A credit note will be raised to your Wex account that can be used to spend against a future purchase. For details on how we use your data, please refer to our Privacy and Personal Data Policy
11.7 From time to time we may offer trade-in for cash on selected products. We reserve the right to add or remove products from the cash offer at any time.
11.8 Once we have: (i) inspected the products and confirmed our original quote; or (ii) received written acceptance from you of any revised quote that we may have provided, we will process a credit for the agreed value to your Wex account and inform you of final acceptance of the transaction by email. Upon crediting your account and providing this confirmation, ownership of the products will pass immediately and irrevocably to us. There is no time limit to the credit added to your Wex account.
11.9 Upon your acceptance of a cash offer, we will create a Wex account for you and request your bank details via a secure third-party provider.
11.9.1 Note that this provider will be approved and regulated by Wex, and that your data will never be saved or shared by anyone, with the exception of those uses required for the sole purpose of processing the cash trade-in transaction.
11.9.2 It is your responsibility to enter your personal details accurately. Wex will not be held responsible for any details supplied that are incorrect and that may delay payment.
11.9.3 Cash payments can only be made to the owner of the goods and the person who submitted the quotation.
11.9.4 Cash payments can be made to a UK bank account only.
11.9.5 Upon submitting your bank details, Wex will process your payment within one working day. Your payment should be received within three working days. Upon providing your details to Wex, ownership of the products will pass immediately and irrevocably to Wex.
11.9.6 If, upon inspection of an item being transacted for cash, a repair is deemed necessary, a cash offer would not be possible and instead a credit would be issued. In the event you are unhappy with a credit note, we will return the products to you by courier at our expense.
11.10 In the event that we decline the products following inspection or you do not accept a revised quotation, we will return the products to you by courier at our expense.
11.11 All transactions processed for cash are excluded from any Trade-in bonuses that Wex Photo video is running.
12. Warranty on sale of used products
12.1 Your rights to return or reject goods, as set out in section 4 above, apply equally to second-hand and used products sold by Wex Photo Video.
12.2 In addition, unless otherwise stated, all second hand or used items sold by Wex Photo Video will benefit from a limited, non-transferable warranty which is valid for twelve months from the date of purchase. The warranty covers parts and labour costs in relation to the repair of any fault which occurred during normal usage of the item (subject to the exclusions set out below). We reserve the right to repair, replace or refund goods under this warranty.
12.3. The above warranty is subject to the following exclusions: (i) accidental damage and misuse; (ii) wear and tear; (iii) faults caused by shock or fall, sand, dust, dirt, damp or corrosion, leaky batteries, an act of war or terrorism, fire, theft, attempted theft, accidental or malicious damage, vandalism, corrosion, water contamination or ingress, frost, flooding or other adverse weather conditions, repair or cleaning by unauthorised personnel; (iv) faults that have occurred because you have not used, stored or handled the product properly or have not followed written instructions for use the product; (v) damage or defect due to wilful neglect or negligence by anyone other than us; (vi) faults relating to image sharpness of a lens that are clearly open to human judgment; (vii) faults occurring to items where parts are no longer produced, such that the item cannot be repaired; (viii) loss of quality, degradation of performance or actual damage that results from the use of spare parts or other replaceable items (such as consumables) that are neither made nor recommended by the manufacturer; (ix) faults due to the connection of other fittings or accessories to the product which we have not approved; (x) lost or damaged data; and (xi) loss or damage to consumables such as batteries and memory cards.
12.4. In the event that you need to make a claim under a warranty, please contact our Sales team who will be able to provide you with further details to ensure your claim is processed swiftly. The warranty is subject to proof of purchase being provided; therefore you should retain your sales invoice. The warranty is not transferable to a third party.
13. Consumer finance
13.1 Wex Photo Video is a licensed credit broker with License Number 429858. Credit is available to UK residents aged 18 or over and is subject to application, financial circumstances and borrowing history. Wex Photo Video is a credit intermediary of Barclays Partner Finance is a trading name of Clydesdale Financial Services Limited, a member of the Barclays Group. Clydesdale Financial Services Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (Financial Services Register number: 311753). Registered in England. Registered No: 2901725. Registered Office: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP.
13.2 Wex Photo Video offers a number of consumer credit products in conjunction with the Lender. We reserve the right to withdraw or amend these credit products from time to time at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to apply minimum order values to consumer finance transactions; such minimum values will be displayed on the web site.
13.3 You are responsible for evaluating the pros and cons of a particular consumer finance product having regard to your own circumstances and the terms of the consumer finance product in question. We would draw your attention to the risk of penalties, additional interest payments or other costs in the event that you fail to keep up repayments or otherwise breach the terms of a consumer finance agreement. You will have certain rights to change your mind within 14 days of entering into a consumer finance agreement; further details of these rights are available from the Lender.
13.4 Applying for finance online: If you'd like to apply for consumer finance you must complete an on-line application form accessed via the checkout on the web site. You will be sent an email to confirm the status of your application as soon as it has been processed.
13.5 Credit checking and approval: Any application for consumer finance is subject to approval by the Lender, who may vary their terms and acceptance conditions from time to time. The Lender will undertake credit checking prior to deciding whether to accept an application for finance and you will need to make certain information available to the Lender to enable this process to be completed. Acceptance of an application is at the sole discretion of the Lender. Whilst a decision on an online finance application is normally made within minutes, the Lender reserves the right to defer a decision pending further review.
13.6 If your application is approved and you accept the terms of the consumer finance contract, you will return to the checkout and will proceed through to the completion of your order. Following completion, you will receive an email with a link to download a copy of your credit agreement for your records.
13.7 Where you apply to pay for an order through consumer finance, your goods will not be despatched until the consumer finance agreement is completed. No products that are subject to a consumer finance agreement will be despatched until all products that are subject to the order in question are in stock and available. Accordingly the goods may be shipped to you later than the day you specify in the checkout process.
13.8 From time to time we are able, in conjunction with the Lender, to offer interest free credit in respect of certain qualifying products. Where interest free credit is available, this will be flagged against the relevant product on the web site. Where a qualifying product is added to your basket, the full value of your basket, including any accessories purchased, will be eligible for interest free credit. This is subject to the value of additional products not exceeding the value of the qualifying product.
13.9 Please be aware; if you choose to apply for finance online, your delivery date may be later than expected due to the time required to process your finance application. You will receive notification once your order has been dispatched.
14. Other terms
14.1 Indemnity: You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Agreement by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of the Web Sites, or the use by any other person accessing the Web Site using your shopping account and/or your personal information.
14.2 Severance: If any part of this Agreement shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severable from the Agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions of the Agreement.
14.3 Waiver: No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision.
14.4 Survival: Each provision of the Agreement shall be construed as separately applying and surviving even if for any reason one or other of those provisions is held to be inapplicable or unenforceable in any circumstances.
14.5 Entire agreement: This Agreement governs our relationship with you. Any changes to this Agreement must be in writing and signed by both parties. You confirm that, in agreeing to accept the Agreement, you have not relied on any representation save insofar as the same has expressly been made a term of this Agreement and you agree that you shall have no remedy in respect of any representation. Your statutory rights are not affected by these terms and conditions. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude our liability in respect of any fraudulent or negligent misrepresentation whether or not such has become a term of the Agreement. In the event of conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the English language version of this Agreement and any translation provided by us, the English language version shall prevail.
15. Competition rules
Unless otherwise specified, the following conditions apply to all competitions run from this site.
15.1 The Promoter is Wex Photo Video, 13 Frensham Road, Norwich, NR3 2BT.
15.2 One entry per person only, no bulk or third party entries will be accepted.
15.3 Competitions are open to all UK residents except employees of Wex Photo Video, the companies or organisations with whom the competition is being run, their agents or anyone directly connected with the competition.
15.4 Postal entries for the competition should be sent to Wex Photo Video Offers, 13 Frensham Road, Norwich, NR3 2BT. Please provide us with your name, address, telephone number and the competition you are entering. Illegible entries will be deemed void.
15.5 No responsibility can be accepted for entries lost, delayed, or have insufficient postage applied or damaged in the post. Proof of delivery will not be accepted as proof of receipt.
15.6 Prizes are as stated only and no cash alternatives will be given. However, Wex Photo Video retains the full and free right to alter prizes should circumstances change.
15.7 In the case of prize draws, winner(s) will be chosen at random from all valid entries and will be notified within four weeks of the closing date.
15.8 The name(s) of prizewinner(s) will be made available to those who send a stamped addressed envelope to the competition entry address.
15.9 All entrants to competitions and offers are deemed to have accepted these rules and agree to co-operate in any future publicity that may arise.
15.10 The closing date for receipt of entries is as stated for each competition where applicable.
16. Online vouchers
Terms and conditions applicable to Wex Photo Video online vouchers:
16.1 Only one voucher code is permitted per order.
16.2 Voucher codes may only be redeemed on the website toward the purchase or delivery of products. Voucher codes cannot be redeemed at our showroom or over the phone, unless otherwise stated. See the voucher-code-specific terms and conditions for more details.
16.3 Please note that a minimum purchase may apply to voucher codes and be exclusive of postage and packing costs.
16.4 Voucher codes cannot be used retrospectively, i.e. applied to orders already placed with us.
16.5 Certain products may be exempt from voucher-code promotions. For example, money-off voucher codes cannot be used against the purchase of Wex Photo Video Gift Vouchers in any case. See the voucher-code-specific terms and conditions for more details.
16.6 Wex Photo Video reserves the right to cancel/remove voucher-code promotions at any time.
16.7 Please note that voucher codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other voucher-code offer.
16.8 Voucher codes for free delivery only apply to the UK mainland.
16.9 All voucher codes may be subject to further conditions. Check individual voucher code terms and conditions for those that apply.
16.10 Unless otherwise stated with eligible dates, all promotions are subject to availability.
16.11 In the event of an eligible date being supplied and circumstances beyond our control meaning that the offer will not be valid, Wex Photo Video may revoke the eligible date and cancel the promotion or offer, or amend the offer without notice. This does not affect your statutory rights.
16.12 All promotions may be subject to further conditions, geographical exclusions and delivery charges. Check individual promotion terms and conditions for those that apply.
17. Battery recycling scheme
Under the Waste Battery Regulations, Wex Photo Video offers a take back scheme for all portable waste batteries. You can return your waste batteries to our business premises in person (PLEASE DO NOT POST) situated at Unit B Frenbury Estate, Drayton High Road, Norwich, NR6 5DP.
Alternatively, you can find your local waste portable battery recycling facility at www.recyclenow.com
Most supermarkets and shops that sell batteries will have collection bins for used batteries, and some town halls, libraries or schools may also set up collection points. End-users may find stores in their local area more accessible.
18. WEEE recycling scheme
Wex Photo Video is a Member of the Government's WEEE DTB Scheme (Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Distributor Take Back).
Our nearest collection point is: Swanton Road, Norwich, NR2 4LH.
Your nearest collection point can be found by visiting the following website and entering your postcode: http://www.recycle-more.co.uk/banklocator/banklocator.aspx
Overseas customers are recommended to use their local recycling facilities, or to arrange delivery to our warehouse as the following address: Unit B, Frenbury Estate, Drayton High Road, Norwich, NR6 5DP.
19. PayPal Express
PayPal Express allows you to place an order on our Web Site without the need to have an account with Wex Photo Video or having to be logged into a Wex Photo Video account. PayPal Express provides you quick and easy access to your secure shipping and billing information by using your existing PayPal account information.
By placing an order using PayPal Express, your data will be used and stored in accordance with our privacy policy.
If at any point you create a password on our Web Site, using the same email address used for your PayPal Express orders, you will be able to view these previous orders by logging in to our Web Site using that email address and your Wex Photo Video password.
20. Matters beyond our reasonable control
Wex Photo Video shall not be held liable for any breach of this Agreement caused by circumstances out of its control including, but not limited to, Acts of God, fire, lightning, flood, or extremely severe weather, explosion, war, disorder, flood, industrial disputes (whether or not involving our employees), acts or omissions of Internet services providers or acts of local or central Government or other competent authorities.
Wex Photo Video's Award Winning Service
Good Service Award Gold Winner
Amateur Photographer Good Service AwardsFebruary 2020
Good Service Award Gold Winner
What Digital Camera Good Service AwardsFebruary 2019
Good Service Award Gold Winner
What Digital Camera Good Service AwardsFebruary 2018
Can't find what you're looking for?
Our customer service team is available to contact by email, and we aim to answer emails within a few hours (during office hours).
We have a Live Chat facility where you can chat directly to one of our Customer Service team online. When available a 'chat icon' will appear at the bottom right of the site.You can also contact us using Facebook messenger (if you have a facebook account).
Your recently viewed items
Please Login or Register to add to your Wish List.
Save
{{product.ProductName}}
{{product.CulturedPriceValue}}
Pre-Order
Awaiting Stock
In Stock
Low Stock
Special Order
Usually available in 5-7 days
Discontinued
In Stock
Call To Order
48 Hour Delivery
Awaiting Stock