https://www.arcatapet.com/privacy.cfm
Account
(not required to buy):
Search keyword or item#:
Internet Phone Support: (800)822-9085 (707)822-6417 M-F 8-6 Sat 10-5 Sun 10-5 (Pacific Time) Closed major US holidays
(800)822-9085 arcatapet.com (707)822-6417
Arcata Pet Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 4, 2020
This is the privacy policy for Arcata Pet and its website(s).
This document describes Arcata Pet's practices for collecting, storing, using, and disclosing the personal (and other) information that we may obtain about you through any of our websites. Please note that by using or accessing any of our websites, you consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure practices described in this privacy policy.
You may click on any of the following links to jump to one of the topics addressed in this document:
Information That We Collect
Sale of Information That We Collect
How We Use Information That We Collect
Security Measures for Information Collected
When Information We Collect May Be Disclosed to Third Parties
How to Correct or Update Information About You That We Have Collected
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
Data from Outside the United States Is Transferred
Policies Regarding Children
Privacy Policies of any Linked Websites
In Store Cameras
Your California Privacy Rights
Governing Law
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Information That We Collect
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Social Networking Activities. Our websites may include the ability for you and other users to link to one or more social networking platforms (such as Facebook or Twitter). We may receive information about you when you choose to post or otherwise share information about us on any of these social networking platforms. Note that any information that you or others post to a social networking platform will be accessible by any users of such platform, subject to its terms of service and privacy policy.
Usage Data. When you use or access any of our websites, we may collect certain usage data generated by your activities on the websites, including your purchasing history, pages viewed, number of bytes transferred, hyperlinks clicked, and other actions you take on our websites. Each of our websites may also track the URL that you visited before you come to the Site, the URL to which you next go, and your Internet Protocol (IP) address or mobile device identifier.
Online Information-Gathering Tools. As with most websites, we use cookies, web beacons, and other online information-gathering tools in connection with our websites. These tools are intended to make using our websites easier by, among other things, saving your preferences for you. We may also use cookies to deliver content tailored to your interests. If your browser is set to reject cookies, or if your browser notifies you that you are about to receive a cookie and you reject it, then your use of our Site may not be as efficient as it would be if the cookie were enabled.
We may keep indefinitely the information about you collected through our websites.
Sale of Information That We Collect
We have never sold our customer's information, and we will not sell our customer's information.
How We Use Information That We Collect
We may use information about you that we collect for a variety of commercial purposes.
Without limitation, we may use such information to:
administer and improve our websites and businesses;
promote our products and services to you;
conduct other marketing activities;
respond to your inquiries and other correspondence, or request that you provide feedback to us.
Security Measures for Information Collected
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon in your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
To help protect the privacy of information that we collect, we employ security measures that are intended to be consistent with industry best practices. In addition, we take commercially reasonable steps to store such information with the objective of protecting such data against unauthorized access. Notwithstanding the foregoing, please be aware that our websites are operated on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, experience breaches of security or other problems beyond our control and that may compromise the security of information collected about you.
Please also be aware that despite our best intentions and the guidelines outlined in this privacy policy, no data transmission over the Internet or via a Wi-Fi network, or any encryption method, can be guaranteed to be completely secure. You understand that it may be possible for third parties not under Arcata Pet's control to intercept or access your personal information transmitted through one of our websites or via email. Accordingly, although we undertake commercially reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all information you provide through our websites, due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any such information will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others who do not have your authorization. Any such transmission of information about you to Arcata Pet is at your own risk.
When Information We Collect May Be Disclosed to Third Parties
We disclose to third parties the personal (or other) information collected about you through any of our websites when we have your permission to do so or in any of the following situations (without your permission):
We use outside shipping companies to ship orders, and credit card processing companies to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
We may disclose the results of aggregated data about you and other users of our websites without restriction. In these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.
We may disclose to one or more third parties the information collected about you as part of a merger, acquisition or other sale or transfer of any of the assets or business of Arcata Pet and/or of any of our affiliates. Please note that the entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions may not comply with all of the terms of this privacy policy.
We may disclose information about you to the government or to other third parties to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders, subpoenas or other legal process, such as in connection with suspected illegal activity associated with any of the websites or our business. We reserve the right to release information collected through any of the websites to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you to third parties if needed to enforce any of the terms of use for one of our websites or other agreements, or any investigation of potential violations thereof; to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; to protect against harm to any of the websites; or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection).
How to Correct or Update Information About You That We Have Collected
You may correct or update information collected about you through any of our websites by contacting us at the email or mailing address noted at the end of this privacy policy below. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to update our files to reflect your request as promptly as possible.
We may retain original and updated information for reasons such as technical constraints, dispute resolution, compliance with laws, fraud prevention, troubleshooting and enforcement of our terms of use and other agreements. In addition, please note that we cannot update any information about you collected through any of the websites that has already been disclosed (as permitted under this privacy policy) to a third party.
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
At this time, our websites do not support "Do Not Track" preferences that may be available in your browser for letting websites know that you do not want them collecting certain kinds of information. Specifically, if you turn on the Do Not Track setting on your browser, our websites are not currently capable of following whatever Do Not Track preferences you set.
Transfer of Data from Outside the United States
If you use any of our websites from outside of the United States, information that we collect about you through the Site will be transferred to servers inside the United States and maintained indefinitely. By using the Site, you consent to the transfer of data about you into the United States, as well as the processing of such data in the United States.
Children
We do not knowingly collect or maintain personal information from persons under 13 years old ("children") through our websites. If we learn that any unauthorized personal information of a child has been collected, we will take appropriate steps to delete such information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has provided any such personal information to us, then you may contact us at the email or mailing address noted at the end of this privacy policy below and request that we delete that information from our systems.
Privacy Policies of any Linked Websites or Other Parties
This privacy policy only addresses Arcata Pet's practices for the personal (and other) information that we may obtain about you through any of the websites. Please be aware that when you use or access any of the websites, you may be directed to other websites that are beyond our control, and Arcata Pet is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or the content of linked websites. We would expect most, if not all, of these third parties will collect information about you when you use their offerings. However, Arcata Pet is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, regardless of whether they are linked or otherwise connected to our websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policy and terms of use whenever interacting with any third-party website, app, or other offering.
In-Store Cameras
We use in-store cameras for security purposes.
Your California Privacy Rights
From time to time, we may share information collected about you with our affiliates and/or other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Under California law, a California resident with whom we have an established relationship has the right to request certain information with respect to the types of personal information that we have shared with third parties for these purposes, and the identities of those third parties, within the immediately preceding calendar year, subject to certain exceptions. All requests for such information must be in writing and sent to us at Sales@ArcataPet.com.
Governing Laws
By choosing to visit any of our websites, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this privacy policy will be governed by the laws of the State of California, without reference to the choice of law or conflicts of law principles thereof, and will be subject to the dispute resolution clause contained in the terms of use applicable to the particular Site. You also agree to abide by any limitation on damages contained in the terms of use applicable to the Site or any other agreement that we have with you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time, with any such changes to be effective prospectively. The most recent change date is shown at the top of this page. The use of your information is subject to the privacy policy and terms of use in effect at the time of collection. Please visit this page periodically so that you will be apprised of any such changes. Your continued use of our websites after any modification to this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such modification.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy or any of our websites, you can contact us by:
Calling Customer Service at (800) 822-9085 or (707) 822-6417;
Emailing us at Sales@ArcataPet.com; or
Writing us at Arcata Pet, 600 F Street, Arcata CA 95521, Attn: Privacy Policy.
View Cart      $0.00Check out Secure checkout using:
Or use:
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATESStore Hours:7-days 10-6(Pacific Time)Closed major US holidays * Shipping Policies * Return Policy * Privacy Policy * FDA Disclaimer * 10-Dec-20    E-Mail:sales@arcatapet.com  Site development by Arcata Pet Software © Copyright 1994-2020 Arcata Pet Supplies, 600 F Street, Arcata CA 95521.