https://www.cigar2fers.com/our_policies.php
Log In  |
Cart Contents  |  Checkout  |  Site Map
Friday, Dec. 11, 2020
» Our Policies
Go Back 1 page
We accept: Visa, MasterCard, Amex, Diners Club, Discover
Gift Certificate FAQ
Gift Ideas
Cigars
Humidors
Accessories
Flavored Cigars
Mild Bodied Cigars
Medium Bodied Cigars
Full Bodied Cigars
Cigar Reviews
Testimonials
Search by Cigar Shapes
Bestsellers(in stock)
01. Vanilla Flavored Rollers Select Cigars 2-fer 02. Macanudo Ascot Alternatives 4-fer 03. Macanudo Ascot Alternatives 04. Macanudo Ascot Alternatives 2-fer 05. Cuban Delights Corona Vanilla 06. Cherry Flavored Rollers Select Cigars 2-fer 07. Honey Flavored Rollers Select Cigars 2-fer 08. Rum Flavored Rollers Select Cigars 2-fer 09. Amaretto Flavored Rollers Select Cigars 2-fer 10. 1876 Reserve Churchill
Join our mail list and you could win Free Cigars!
Join Now
Rate Our Shop
Affiliate Program
Affiliate Information Affiliate Program FAQ Affiliate Log In
Our Policies at The Cigar Hut
These policies are the foundation of my business
and the reasons for our success.
I hope you enjoy your shopping experience at The Cigar Hut
and come back soon.
Jim Bullen
President - The Cigar Hut Group of Companies
Customer Satisfaction
Customer Testimonials
Copyright Notice
Privacy
Full Privacy Policy
Legal Notice / Conditions of Use
Online Credit Card Security
Anti-Fraud Policy
Shipping Methods and Timetables
International Shipping
Payment Methods
Returns and Refunds
About Us
Back to Top
Customer Satisfaction
At The Cigar Hut the customer always comes first.
My goal is 100% customer satisfaction.
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with any
products or services you receive from The Cigar Hut, simply drop me a line and I will
personally deal with the situation until it meets your satisfaction.
Read our Customer Testimonials here
Back to Top
Privacy
The Cigar Hut takes personal privacy seriously. Your personal
information is used solely for the purpose of processing your sales order. The Cigar Hut does
not sell, rent or divulge any personal information or our mailing list to any third party other
than our
shipping and accounting departments.
Your email address entered in our shopping cart is used solely
for the purpose of processing your order. We send you your order receipts, tracking numbers,
and any notices related to availability or questions concerning your order via email so be sure
it is a valid address.
We host our own list server for our mailing list, so your email address is not shared with any outside
companies.
Click here for our full Privacy
Statement
Back to Top
Online Credit Card Security
This web site is secured via SSL using a GeoTrust® Digital
Certificate. This ensures that all information you send to us via the World Wide Web will be
encrypted. Please click on the GeoTrust True Site Seal to the left which will verify the
validity of our GeoTrust Certificate, and our commitment to your security. We employ the latest
encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to exchange sensitive
information. This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of the information you are
sending to our server. GeoTrust® - SSL Certificates work with more than 99% of browsers and most mobile device browsers
"The Cigar Hut" is a Certified InternetSecure
Merchant.
Welcome to InternetSecure Inc. Since 1996 we have been approved by
the top five Canadian banks to provide secure, online, real-time credit card processing for
certified Internet merchants. All credit cards presented to InternetSecure are securely
directed to the financial institution that issued the credit card, no matter where in the
world. You, the customer, are notified of approval or decline within 15 to 30 seconds depending on your Internet connection.
In order for a merchant to be certified with us to accept credit cards, we require that
merchants adhere to all of our security and business ethics requirements. In addition, your
credit card number is NOT given to the merchant or kept on any computer attached
to the Internet. To ensure consumer privacy, InternetSecure will not sell, rent or divulge any
personal information about this transaction to any third party other than the merchant that is
listed below and your bank. (upon notification of a dispute). Once certified, we continually
monitor all merchants on an ongoing basis to ensure compliance.
Merchant Name:
THE CIGAR HUT
Contact Email:
Please use our Contact
Form
Currency:
US
Credit Cards Accepted:
(for U.S. Funds): Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club, American
Express, Discover
Date of Certification:
10/18/1999 3:41:00 PM
Verified by Visa
is a unique service that uses personal passwords to help protect Visa card numbers against
unauthorized use. Once you activate your card, no one else can use your Visa card number at any
participating online stores without your personal password. Verified by Visa is available for
select Visa cards from participating financial institutions. The Cigar Hut is proud to offer
this added security measure to our customers along with all of the other great places where you
can shop with Verified
by Visa.
ControlScan sites are tested and certified weekly to pass the
FBI's Twenty Most Critical Internet Security Vulnerabilities Test and all security guidelines
of the National Infrastructure Protection Center (NIPC) and the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council (an organization formed by the card brands)
PCI Data Security Standard (DSS). ControlScan's unique security auditing
technology hardens web servers against hackers, and ensures our current security
status meets these published government and PCI DSS compliance standards.
Research conducted at the federally funded Computer Security Center (CERT/CC®) indicates that sites free of all known vulnerabilities,
such as those earning ControlScan certification, will prevent over 99% of hacker crime.
Security Statement
www.cigar2fers.com is tested weekly by ControlScan and certified to meet the requirements of
federal regulations and PCI DSS compliance standards to protect the security, confidentiality, and integrity of your personal
information.
Our security precautions make doing business here as safe as purchasing by telephone.
The Cigar Hut is committed to maintaining the security and privacy of your personal information
at all times, during and after your purchase. We have established high standards of security
for our computer system and the information it contains. All personal information taken from
our customers is stored on independently monitored and certified ControlScan servers.
To help us maintain the highest security possible for your personal information stored on this
server we use ControlScan's real-time vulnerability testing. This technology allows us to detect
possible security threats before they give hackers an opportunity to gain access to your
personal data.
Back to Top
Shipping Methods and Timetables
When you are ready to check out, you can choose from any of the available shipping methods for
the items you are buying. Whether they be from FedEx, UPS or USPS will depend on the items purchased.
Certain products are limited to shipping by the US Postal Service as they will be
shipping from our Yuma AZ shipping outlet that does not currently use UPS or FedEx.
Our products are shipped by either FedEx, UPS or USPS from our various US warehouses,
so shipping times may vary slightly. Orders received before 1 pm Eastern will
usually ship out the same day, later than 1 pm Eastern and they will usually ship out the next
business day. While we do our best to ship according to the above schedules, sometimes
we are so busy we can not get all orders processed in one day so the above should be taken as a
guideline only.
In most cases Priority Mail will arrive in 2 to 4 days, UPS Ground shipping will arrive in 3 to 7 days
and UPS Air shipping will arrive in 2 to 4 days. FedEx, UPS and the US Postal Service do not count holidays,
weekends or the day of pick up, as a shipping day. It is counted the next business day after the pick-up.
We send the tracking number for your order to the Email address
in the "Bill To" section of our shopping cart once it has shipped so you will know when to
expect your order. These usually go out in the evening or the following morning after your
order has shipped. Be sure to print your receipt for your records as
we do not always include a copy of your bill with the package.As part of our age verification
process, all first time customers are required to provide an adult signature before their order
will be delivered by the applicable delivery service.ALL orders valued at $200.00 or more
will be required to provide a signature at time of delivery. If no one is available to sign for
your package, we suggest shipping to your office or place of business or perhaps a neighbor.
Note: UPS does not deliver to P.O. Box, or
Military Addresses (APO, FPO etc.). Orders to these addresses will be shipped via the US Postal Service.
UPS and USPS Shipping Rates:Shipping fees
are based on the weight of the package, where it is shipping from and where it is shipping to.
Our website connects directly to UPS and USPS during the checkout process to give you the most up to date and accurate rates possible.
Back to Top
International Shipping
When ordering from outside the USA, you will be considered the Importer of Record and a
Commercial Invoice will be included with your order clearly stating the contents and full value of the order.
Any import duties or taxes levied on your package will be your responsibility. We can not predict what
these charges may be. Contact your local customs office for further information. You can use the World
Customs Organization web site to find your local customs office
http://www.wcoomd.org/customwebsites.
Shipping charges for international shipments are calculated based on the weight of the
product. The actual charges are displayed to you during the check out process when you choose the method
of shipment.
Prices and shipping fees do not include import duties, VAT or tariffs; these are the
responsibility of the recipient and are usually collected upon delivery. We include a copy of your invoice
with all international shipments, so be sure to check with your local customs office to find out the duties
and taxes you may have to pay before you place an order.
All international shipments are shipped via USPS Priority Mail.Any orders that are
refused delivery and are returned to us by the carrier will not be refunded shipping charges and are
subject to a 20% restocking fee (and any return shipping fees if applicable) provided they are received
within 3 weeks of the original shipping date and are still fresh and in resellable condition.
Any cigars returned to us that have become dried out due to lengthy
transit times will not be refunded.Check with your local Customs office before placing any order to
be shipped outside of the USA as you run the risk of losing your money if you refuse delivery and they
are returned to us dried out and stale.
Back to Top
Payment
Methods
The Cigar Hut offers you several payment options. You can choose
any of the following methods during the checkout process.
Secure Online Credit Card Transaction The Cigar Hut
accepts American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Diners Club and Discover/Novus payments through our online
credit card processor InternetSecure. Orders using this method will be shipped the same or next
business day.
Back to Top
Returns and Refunds
The Cigar Hut guarantees every product we sell (except for
Seconds and Clearance Items) and will gladly replace or refund any defective item returned in
its original packaging within 10 days (minus shipping charges), only if a Return Authorization
Number has been issued and is clearly written on the returned package. Items returned without a
valid Return Authorization Number are subject to a 20% restocking fee. Cancelled orders are
subject to a $6.00 Service Fee.
If you are not satisfied with the condition of the cigars, and you have not
smoked more than 2 (out of a box of 20 or more), then we will accept the return and issue you a
full credit. If you have smoked more than 2, then we will only issue a pro-rated credit, per
stick. Returns for cigars will only be accepted with original cellophane sleeves, tubes, or
other "individual" packaging still intact. Please note that
Clearance Items and
Cigar Seconds are not covered by this
policy and because taste is such a personal thing, we will not accept returns for cigars that
you just don't like the flavor of and that have no quality issues.
In the unlikely event that you are not completely satisfied with the condition
or freshness of any of our cigars or if you receive damaged merchandise, simply contact us, and we will give you full return instructions. Depending on the
situation, we may issue a store credit in the form of a Gift Certificate, refund your credit card or simply replace your order.
All our cigars are stored in climate controlled conditions with a relative
humidity of 70-75% to ensure quality and freshness.
Should your item be sold out before the change is posted to the website, we'll
let you know, and offer you the choice of remaining on backorder, changing your order, or
receiving a full refund. (We update our online inventory almost every day.)
Back to Top
About Us
The Cigar Hut was founded in 1999 and went online in February of
the same year. Since it's inception, we have been providing our customers with exceptional
quality products at prices well below retail.
This is accomplished by having our wholesalers ship directly to you, the customer. This enables
us to keep down our overhead costs and pass the savings on to you. With a variety of suppliers,
we are able to have the products we offer in stock and ready to ship.
Some orders may be shipped in multiple packages as one warehouse may not have all the products
in your order. Extra shipping charges may apply for multiple shipments, but you will be notified during the check out process if any do apply.
We do our best to keep this site as up to date as possible. We are in constant touch with our
suppliers and update the site on a regular, if not daily basis.
Should you have any other questions or concerns, feel free to contact me
directly at the Administration Dept.
Sincerely:
Jim Bullen - President, The Cigar Hut
Back to Top
ADVANCED SEARCH
Shopping Cart
0 items
Our Products
Big List of Brands
Cigar Specials
Featured Items
New Products
Cigars Under a Buck Gift Certificates SAVE up to 80% OFF Cigar Hut Alternatives Cigars Humidors Accessories
Surgeon General Warning:Cigar Smoking Can Cause Lung Cancer and Heart Disease
How To Contact The Cigar HutCopyright © 1999-2020 The Cigar HutCigar Hut Online Sales, The Cigar Hut, Cigar Hut, Our Logo and Slogan are all Trademarks of The Cigar Hut. The Cigar Hut and its operators are not affiliated with nor endorsed by any entity whose trade names, trademarks, or service marks are similar to the internet address (URL) or the domain name used to access this page. While we try to keep our website as accurate as possible, we will not be held responsible for typographical errors. NOTICE: The Cigar Hut does not sell tobacco or tobacco related products to anyone under the age of 26Due to FDA regulations regarding the sale of tobacco products (section 1140.14 paragraph (a)(2)(ii))Due to state laws, we do not ship tobacco products to the states of Maine, South Dakota and Utah.Read the Legal Notice Here
Back to Top
Go Back 1 page
Shipping & Returns  |  Our Policies
|  Privacy Notice  |  Conditions of Use  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Testimonials  |  Site Map