http://www.magnets4health.co.uk/terms-conditions/i3
Magnetic Info.
Contact Us
Magnets4Health Ltd
Search
Delivery & Returns Magnetic BraceletsAbout UsMagnetic Bracelets - FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions
Sign In
My Account
Shopping Basket
0 Items
Total £0.00
Currency
Phone 03303 800186
Home
Titanium
All Titanium Bracelets
Women's Magnetic Bracelets
Men's Titanium Magnetic Bracelets
Titanium Black
Titanium Single Row
Titanium Double Row
Gold & Silver Bracelets
Stainless Steel
All Stainless Steel Bracelets
Women's Stainless Steel Magnetic Bracelets
Men's Stainless Steel Magnetic Bracelets
Silver Bracelets
Gold & Silver Bracelets
Sport
All Sports
NEO MAX 30™ Sports Bracelet
NEOMAX- Q Pain relief Patch
Ankle Bracelet
NEO MAX Leather Bracelet
Sports Titanium
Sports Bangles
Copper
Power Copper Link
Copper Bracelets - All Designs
Copper Bracelets - Classic Designs
Hi Power Copper
Silver Bangles
Copper Non Magnetic
Bangles
All Magnetic Bangles
Hi Power Magnetic Bangles
Hi Power Cable Bracelets
Copper Bangles
Black Bangles
Gold & Silver Bangles
Sports Bangles
Pets
OFFERS
Flexi
Ankle Bands
Customer Services
HomeDelivery & Returns Magnetic BraceletsOrdering HelpTerms & ConditionsAbout UsSecurity & PrivacyAbout Our CookiesContact UsMagnetic Bracelets - FAQ - Frequently Asked QuestionsMagnetic Bracelets Size GuideCan Magnetic Bracelets help with Pain Relief?Magnetic Therapy - An OverviewMagnets and Magnetic StrengthIonics - Negative Ions - An OverviewMagnetic Bracelets Buyers GuideWebsite Security
Viewing:
Homepage
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
General
These terms and conditions will apply to all transactions placed online with Magnets4Health Ltd. Please read carefully before placing any order. All contracts shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England and Wales. Nothing in these terms and conditions will be deemed to affect your statutory rights.
By using this site you are agreeing to these terms and conditions.
Orders
We are pleased to accept orders by any of the following methods. Online transaction via secure server. All credit / debit card transactions are subject to validation checks and are authorised by the card issuer. We accept most major credit and debit cards including PayPal. If the issuer of your card refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay and / or non-delivery of your order. No orders will be accepted or processed without a valid card payment in the name of the registered cardholder.
International Orders: We are a UK company so products are initially priced in UK Pounds. We have two currency options the EURO and US DOLLARS these can be which can be switched on at the top of the page. This will show product prices in the chosen currency. BUT please note that when you check out, the final totals and amounts will revert back to UK Pounds and the amounts shown on the email receipts will be in UK Pounds. Your final credit or debit card bill will be in your local currency along with any currency conversion charges such cards may apply.
The web price includes VAT at 20%
Delivery
Order Dispatch: WE AIM TO DISPATCH ORDERS DAILY (Mon-Fri) by Royal Mail 1st Class Post or by airmail for international orders (excluding public holidays). Delivery dates are estimated and are not guaranteed, actual delivery depends on your local services and can vary considerably around public holidays. Dispatch may be delayed around public holidays.
In the UK Royal Mail deliver about 97% of First Class mail the day after it was posted. Whilst we are more that satisfied with the efficiency of the Royal Mail First Class delivery service, we have noticed that, occasionally an item takes longer than usual to reach its destination.
If you believe your order is taking longer than expected it could be that an incorrect address or post code was given when the order was made, access to your building was not possible or a public holiday or adverse weather conditions has delayed the delivery.  Also if the delivery address is a business or residential location, the package can sometimes can take time to filter through to the correct person. In the UK we normally require 10 working days from the dispatch date before regarding an order as having gone missing.
If an incorrect delivery address has been given with the order, we may charge an admin fee equivalent to the shipping charge plus handling to allow for the reshipping of the order (assuming  the incorrectly address item is returned to us). This admin fee will also be charged, if the item is returned and the customer requires a refund instead of reshipping.
International Deliveries: Delivery times can vary depending on the country of origin. For example in Europe from experience, a delivery can take any time from 4 to 15 business working days from the actual dispatch date.
Shipping Charges
UK SHIPPING FREE
EEC SHIPPING via airmail …For orders up tp £50, shipping is £3.75.....For orders over £50, shipping is £6.75 signed for.
USA SHIPPING via airmail …For orders up tp £50, shipping is £4.75.....For orders over £50, shipping is £7.75 signed for.
REST OF WORLD SHIPPING via airmail … For orders up tp £50, shipping is £5.75.....For orders over £50, shipping is £8.75 signed for.
Returns, exchanges and refunds
How to return your order
Sometimes, something you order isn't quite right so we've made it really easy for you to return your order to us.
If you would like to return something, you can do so by sending your order back to the address at the bottom of your receipt and copied below.
Please ensure your item is in its original condition before you return it to us.
If you have used a link bracelet but would like to us to add or take out links, we can make the adjustment to the bracelet.
You may wish to return by Royal Mail Signed For delivery when posting your order back to us as we cannot be held responsible for goods that get lost in transit. We recommend you keep your  recorded delivery receipt safe, just in case. Please note courier companies will not deliver to a PO Box. Please use the Royal Mail Postal Services.
Always send your order back securely packaged and in a padded envelope and with the correct stamps.
In order for us to find your order and handle your return please make sure you include the following information with the order goods you are returning.
• Your name & full address
• Contact telephone number
• Order number
• Reason for returning
• Whether you would like an exchange or a refund
• If exchanging, please inform us of the product name and size you would like to exchange your order for
Address for Returns:
Magnets 4 Health LtdPO Box 97CottinghamEast YorkshireHU20 3WW
Products, prices and content
Whilst every effort is made to ensure the pictures and colours depicted on the site match as closely as possible those of the actual product due to technical limitations, some colours may vary.
All prices are shown in pound sterling (£)  and are inclusive of UK VAT  at the current rate unless clearly stated. We can also accept orders in three different currencies: Pounds Sterling, Euro and the US dollar. As far as possible, currency conversions are made using the most recent conversion rate, slight variations may occur depending on the currency markets and fluctuations in exchange rates.
International Orders: We are a UK company so products are initially priced in UK Pounds. We have two currency options the EURO and US DOLLARS these can be which can be switched on at the top of the page. This will show product prices in the chosen currency. BUT please note that when you check out the final totals and amounts will revert back to UK Pounds and the amounts shown on the email receipts will be in UK Pounds. Your final credit or debit card bill will be in your local currency along with any currency conversion charges such cards may apply.
Prices, product descriptions and specifications are checked to the best of our ability, and whilst every effort has been made to make them accurate, no responsibility will be accepted for errors and omissions.
Any information displayed on our web site(s) or other printed matter by the company is not regarded to be authoritative or certified as the best practice and is only considered to be useful supplementary advice to other certified codes of practice. All information on our web site is updated regularly.
We reserve the right to alter our prices and specifications without notice.
Guarantee policy
Products are guaranteed against faulty manufacture for 12 months (unless otherwise stated within the product information tabs, e.g Silicon bracelets have a 6 month guarantee). This is subject to normal wear and tear, and under normal and proper use for that product.
A metal bracelet will not be covered under this guarantee if it is subject to excessive bending or water exposure or detergents which might cause the following:
a) Plating to be wear off prematurely.
b) Magnets to rust, or the epoxy protective coating on the magnets to wear off. Magnets are epoxy coated for protection. If the bracelet is exposed to water or detergent some of the epoxy may wear off prematurely.
Products are not guarenteed against persons with metal allergy.  We do not add nickel to our jewellery. Very often symptoms of mild skin irritation are caused by other factors and can be resolved with the right precautions. Jewellery can cause skin problems for many different reasons including tarnishing, corrosion, perspiration and product build-up. The problem can usually be solved by cleaning the jewellery regularly or removing the jewellery when using certain products or chemicals. If magnetic jewellery is exposed to water or moisture, the epoxy coating over the magnets can wear off exposing the metal in the magnets, people, who are hypersensitive, will react to it. This could resolved by coating the magnets with clear nail varnish.
A silicon bracelet will not be covered if it is over stretched, torn or nicked and causes magnets to be dislodged. Claims against general wear and tear, misuse or accidental damage are considered as invalid claims against the guarantee. Faulty or damaged goods will be repaired, replaced or credit given depending on the circumstances. Your statutory rights are not affected by these conditions.
Ownership of goods
All items supplied to the customer remain the property of Magnets4Health Ltd until final payment of all sums owing in respect of those goods has been received in full by us.
Comments and complaints
If you wish to comment or complain about any aspect of your dealings with us please email usat:  sales@magnets4health.co.uk we will reply within five working days of receipt.
Privacy policy
We will collect and store any personal data that you may volunteer whist using our services, e.g. placing an order, joining our e-mail newsletter or entering a prize draw or competition.
The type of information that we will collect will include - Your title and name, known address, contact telephone numbers, e-mail address, order and payment details. Details may be forwarded securely to other parties in order to fulfil this order only. These will include delivery and payment partners.
We will collect and store information about you to allow us to firstly, process and fulfil any order requirements and secondly to provide you with information to keep you up to date on products, services or promotions we run from time to time. We may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes by email, phone or mail. You can opt out of this at any time, either by writing or emailing us.
Individuals registering their details or subscribing to the newsletter online may do so on the understanding that they are aware of the intended purpose for the collection of data. An opt-out option is available by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the newsletter we may send you.
In addition to the Information that you supply to us, information and data may be automatically collected through the use of cookies. Cookies are small files stored within your web browser from our website. Cookies do not collect personal information about you nor do they allow us to access your computer in any way. All information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 .
We use tracking cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and no personally identifiable information is stored.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. All web browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can modify your browser security settings to block Cookies although you should be warned that changing Cookie settings can adversely effect the performance of our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or services. You should note that we are in no way responsible for the content or privacy policies these websites / services may have in place and advise that you use caution and refer to these websites own Privacy statements and terms.
Keep magnets away from electricals
Magnets should be kept away from all electrical appliances and other magnetic goods as they may damage them. This includes computer discs, cassettes and credit cards.
Magnets and computer use
High powered magnetic bracelets should not be used with a laptop computer. In a laptop computer the hard drive and other sensitive computer components are directly located underneath the keyboard, so there is a possibility of magnetic interference from the bracelet. It is best to remove a bracelet before using a laptop. In a PC this situation does not occur as the main computer box is not near the keyboard or bracelet.
Magnets are safe but there are precautions
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has deemed the magnets typically used in magnetic therapy safe, but as an extra precaution it is advisable that pregnant women should not use magnets. Also people wearing electrical medical devices (e.g. a pacemaker) or metal implants should use magnets with caution, magnets should not be placed near the device (at least 6 inches away) and a magnetic necklace should not be used at all. Magnets should also be kept away from children.
We provide general information and advice - No specific medical claims are made
The information and opinions provided on the Magnet4Health Ltd web sites, catalogues and in emails are for general information only, and should not be taken as specific advice to you. Medical conditions can vary considerably from person to person and so we make no guarantees or promises as to the outcome of using our products. No specific medical claims are made, and we do not offer a money back guarantee if a medical condition is not cured or improved in anyway. It is always best to seek professional medical advice on an individual basis for your particular circumstances.
Security
We would like you to be confident about ordering online, we use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your details are safe and information you provide is fully encrypted so that it cannot be read by third parties. Your browser will confirm that you are shopping in a secure environment by showing a locked padlock icon or an image of a key in the bar at the base of your screen. We know of no cases of credit card fraud using our secure online shopping system. All credit card transactions are handled by a secure online encrypted payment service via SagePay, Cards are processed by Barclays, both are leading providers of online credit card processing.
Copyright © Magnets4Health Ltd
The contents of this site, Trade Marks and other publications from Magnets4Health Ltd are owned or licensed to Magnets4Health Ltd or are used with permission by the owner, Reproduction strictly by permission only.
Information
Newsletter
Enter your email address to join our newsletter mailing list
Categories
Copper
Power Copper Magnetic Bracelets
Sport
Titanium
Stainless Steel
Bangles
Pets
Women's Offers
Men's Offers
Magnetic Therapy
Magnetic Dog Collars
Gift Boxes
Silicon Patch
OFFERS
S.D. & A.P.
Flexi
Sports Magnetic Bracelets
LEATHER
Ankle Bands
Can't find it? Try our Sitemap
Phone
03303 800186
Mon to Fri 9am - 5:00pm only
Home Delivery & Returns Magnetic Bracelets Ordering Help Terms & Conditions About Us Security & Privacy About Our Cookies Contact Us Magnetic Bracelets - FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions Magnetic Bracelets Size Guide Can Magnetic Bracelets help with Pain Relief? Magnetic Therapy - An Overview Magnets and Magnetic Strength Ionics - Negative Ions - An Overview Magnetic Bracelets Buyers Guide Website Security Sitemap
Switch to Mobile Website
Online retail
© 2020Magnets4Health Ltd
Magnets4Health Ltd,
PO Box 97,
Cottingham,
,
HU20 3WW,
England
2.8612888429463450.9992560526012
Company Number 4637774 VAT Number 796621977