http://www.aristoc.com/Information/Terms-conditions
Home
InformationTerms & Conditions
InformationHelp & ContactDelivery & ReturnsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy and CookiesSitemap
Terms & Conditions
DELIVERY
Goods are normally dispatched within 1-2 working days of order receipt. If we are unable to dispatch your order within 7 days, we will contact you by e-mail with an estimated dispatch date and offer you the option of cancelling the order. Delivery can take up to 7 days within Europe, and 15 days for the rest of the world.
CONCLUSION OF CONTRACT
This website and the prices shown constitute an invitation to treat and not an offer capable of acceptance. At all times our acceptance of an order takes place on despatch of the order, at which point the purchase contract will be made. Aristoc reserves the right to cancel any order at its discretion and at any time before the point of dispatch, including for technical reasons.
CHANGES TO YOUR ORDER
Amendments to your order details can only be made before 5pm on the same working day. Please note that we can only make changes to address and sizing information or cancel an order in its entirety.
PROMOTIONS AND DISCOUNTS
Only one discount offer is applicable per transaction. If multiple discounts are presented the discount with the greater value will be applied. During promotional periods, dispatch and delivery times may be extended to between 7 and 10 days due to exceptional levels of customer demand. However, most consignments will continue to be delivered within the normal time periods stated at checkout.
Buy one get one free, buy one get one half price and buy two and get one free offers will be automatically be discounted at the checkout. The Price of the lowest-priced item will be discounted at the checkout. If you require assistance please call our Customer Service team on 0115 924 6767 or email on info@aristoc.com
STOCK AVAILABILITY
Whilst every effort will be made to ensure that all items shown are in stock, we offer no guarantee of availability and this electronic publication does not constitute an offer for sale.
Consumer Contract Regulations
We comply with the Consumer Contract Regulations 2014. These regulations give consumers a right to:
Receive clear information about the supplier, the goods and the sale before deciding to buy - this information is contained within this website
Confirmation of this information in writing - confirmation of the sale are emailed on receipt of the order
A cancellation period of 14 working days in which to withdraw from the contract
Protection from payment card fraud
COLOURS
The actual colour of goods may vary slightly from that shown on the website due to the limitations of browser software and monitors, limitations of photographic technology and lighting conditions.
PRICES & TAX
Prices shown for goods on this site exclude postage and packing unless specifically stated. The charges for postage and packing are shown in the Checkout once you have entered the country and method of delivery and before you are asked to confirm the order. The price you pay includes VAT at the prevailing rate for all deliveries within the European Union. For deliveries outside the EU, VAT will be deducted from the total price. Delivery to non-European countries may result in import duties and local tax payable on receipt of the goods. You will be liable for these duties and taxes.
CONFIDENTIALITY
All confidential information, including credit card details, are held securely and only transmitted in an encrypted form. Customer details are not passed to third parties and are used only in accordance with the Data Protection Act.
INDEMNITY
You agree to indemnify us against any claims, losses, liabilities, damages and expenses (including legal fees), arising out of your use of this site.
JURISDICTION
The Contract will be governed by the laws of England and Wales and the parties to the Contract submit to the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
CONSUMER RIGHTS
None of the above Terms and Conditions affect your statutory consumer rights.
COMPANY INFORMATION
Aristoc Brand is owned by Courtaulds Brands Limited, which is a company incorporated in England and Wales and registered under company number 5786280. Courtaulds Brands Limited is registered for VAT under number GB 558 8297 79.