http://www.mudhole.com/privacy-policy
Home>Mud Hole Privacy PolicyMudHole.com respects the privacy of its customers' personal information and will not, under any circumstances, exchange, sell or otherwise spread the use of any information collected on the website, by telephone or by mail. All information collected will be kept confidential and used only to serve customers or as required by law.Please note, if you decide not to receive marketing emails from Mud Hole.com, you may still receive 'Transactional' email messages regarding your order (i.e., order confirmation, shipping information, customer service notifications, abandoned shopping cart reminders, etc). You can easily opt out of all email communications from us by clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of all email messages. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us at: webmaster@mudhole.comMud Hole.com may use cookies to improve your online browsing and shopping experience. These cookies will not store any personal information such as your name, physical address, e-mail address, or telephone number. They merely inform us that you have previously visited our site."Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personal identifying information, but they do enable us to personalize our home page for you and allow us to store items in your shopping cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to prevent it from doing so. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your shopping cart and purchasing them.This website uses the following cookies: Google Analytics: This cookie allows us to see information on user website activities including, but not limited to page views, source and time spent on website. The information is depersonalized and is displayed as numbers, meaning it cannot be tracked back to individuals. This will help to protect your privacy. Google AdWords: Using this code we are able to see which pages and products were visited and purchased. This allows us to make better use of our paid search budget. DoubleClick: We use remarketing codes to log when users view specific products and pages, allowing us to provide meaningful advertising in the future. Note: Visitors can opt-out of these Google features using Google Ads Settings.Keeping your personal information confidential is a top priority for all Mud Hole.com employees.We will safeguard, according to the strictest standards of security and confidentiality, all nonpublic, personal information that our customers or representatives of our customers share with us. "Nonpublic, personal information," include information such as a customer's name, address, telephone number, date of birth, website usage history and online applications or other forms, as well as purchasing history.We will maintain safeguards, physical and electronic, to protect that information. We will conduct our business in a manner that keeps personal customer information secure.We will limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum required to deliver superior service and conduct our business. We collect personal information about customers from the following sources:Your inquiries to Mud Hole.com via phone, facsimile, Email, mail courier, or our Website;Your transactions with us, our web-affiliates or others; andYour transactions with non-affiliated third parties.It is our policy that authorized Mud Hole.com employees may only access personal information on a need-to-know basis. We may contact you regarding fund solicitation/account resolution, sales, or product deliveries. Mud Hole.com workers who violate our Privacy Policies are subject to disciplinary measures.We will not share personal customer information (of either current or former customers), outside of Mud Hole.com for any purpose other than to facilitate payment for services rendered or goods sold, unless the disclosure has been authorized by the customer or is permitted or required by law.Whenever we retain other organizations to provide support services on behalf of Mud Hole.com, we will require them to protect customers' personal information.Please contact us if there is any change to your personal information.When necessary, we will review and revise our Privacy Policies to protect customer information.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) ComplianceIf you are in the European Union and opt to receive any free resources, participate in any free training programs, register for a class, or purchase any products sold on one of our digital properties (website), we will only enroll you to receive our free email newsletter if you affirmatively consent to it. If you do not wish to receive this newsletter, you can unsubscribe anytime. We include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of every email we send. If you ever have trouble unsubscribing, you can send an email to support@mudhole.com requesting to unsubscribe from future emails.