http://www.canadianwiggler.com/privacy
FREE Shipping on orders over $100.00
Dealers/Wholesalers
Distributors
Contact
My Account
Checkout
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Privacy
Privacy Policy
This document discloses the privacy practices for Lindquist Bros. / Canadian Wiggler.
As part of the normal operation of our services we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect about you and what may happen to that information.
The privacy practices of this policy apply to the Lindquist Bros. / Canadian Wiggler website.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to info@canadianwiggler.com.
Information Collected
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our services. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience easier and quicker. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
Use of Your Information
We use personally identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site’s content, layout, and services. We believe these uses allow us to improve our site and better tailor it to meet our users’ needs. We use your email address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, and communications relevant to your use of the Site.
As a general proposition, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party.
Lindquist Bros. / Canadian Wiggler uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers.
Should you have any additional questions or concerns please contact us directly.
Contact Information
Lindquist Bros. / Canadian Wiggler
1650 Shawnee Rd
Tecumseh, ON N8N 1S5
519-735-4171
519-735-2026
info@canadianwiggler.com
Company Info & PolicesAbout Us
Our History
Our Videos
Promotions
Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Sign-up for Deals & Promos
First Name
Email Address
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Our Family of Brands
Proudly Made in North America
Manufactured by Lindquist Bros.
© 2020
Lindquist Bros. / Canadian Wiggler | Website designed by WP
Canadian Wiggler
Cisco Spoons
Jigs
Packs/Kits
Sinkers/Weights
Cottage Bargains
Game Changer Rigs
Spinnerbaits
Ice Fishing
FREE Shipping on orders over $100.00
Dealers/Wholesalers
Distributors
Contact
My Account
Checkout