http://www.americangourmet.net/privacy-policy/
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Welcome to Sayersbrook Bison Ranch
We work hard to ensure that your online shopping experience is easy, convenient and secure. Please take a moment to read out privacy policy.
Security and Privacy Policy
All personal information that Sayersbrook.com obtains from you when you use services on our site is strictly confidential. We do not share your information with anyone. Our Privacy Policy may change in the future. We invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. If we make any material changes, we will post a notice on our home page.
By using this site, you agree to the terms of our policy.
With respect to Personal Information Collected:
Sayersbrook.com will ask you for information, including some personal information, if you use one of several services:
Signing up for our newsletter.
In order to sign up to receive our emails, you need to provide your e-mail address. You may unsubscribe from our email list at any time. If you receive an e-mail and want to avoid further messages, look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list.
Making a purchase.
When you buy something on Sayersbrook.com, you will need to supply a billing address, phone number, shipping address and credit card information. By making a purchase, you can become a registered user of Americangourmet.net. You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase, such as your shipping and billing addresses in the My Account – Profile page.
How Sayersbrook.com protects your information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information and we take this responsibility very seriously. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. For example:
We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception.
We will not store or display your credit card number when you place an order on our website.
We urge you to protect your own privacy. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone or share your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail.
Personal information may be disclosed only if required by law.
Sayersbrook.com does not sell or license personal information.
Making a Purchase
When you make a purchase on the Sayersbrook.com website, you will need to supply a billing address, phone number and shipping address. You will also be asked for your credit card information.
Our website is hosted in a PCI (Payment Card Industry), Level-1 Compliant data center for optimum security and all credit card information is encrypted. (For more information on PCI Compliance, visit www.pcicompliance.org.) Your transaction information will be transferred and stored in our secure, offline database to allow us to manage and fulfill your order. Please note: your credit card information will not be stored when you place an order on the Sayersbrook.com website.
Credit card payments are processed through Authorize.net on the day that your order is received. The following credit cards are accepted for payment:
Visa
MasterCard
American Express
Discover Card
We are able to accept credit cards that have been issued by banks either in Canada or the United States. Please note: For your security, your billing name and address must match that of the credit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel any order that does not match these criteria.
We’re sorry, we do not accept: CODs, Personal Checks, Money Orders
By making a purchase, you can become a registered user of Americangourmet.net. You can choose to store information needed to make a purchase, such as your shipping and billing addresses, within your account on the website.
Children Under 16
You can look at our site, but you cannot make a purchase. You also cannot become a registered user, sign up for our emailing list or use any service that asks for personal information. Our site is not designed for children. We do not wish to collect personal information from children under 16. This policy is designed to protect children.
External Site Links
Sayersbrook.com links to other websites on the internet. Content and Privacy Policies of those sites are the responsibility of their respective owners.
Questions About This Policy
If you have any questions about this policy, or the content or practices of our website, you can contact us directly via email.
×
OK
1-888-854-4449 | or: 1-888-472-9377
Fax:
855-398-4409
2056 hwy 195, Hermann, MO 65041
info@sayersbrook.com
Customer Care
Privacy Policy
Refunds & Returns
Shipping Policy
Shipping Rates
Distributors
Contact Us
Site Map
How to Earn Bison Points
Cooking Center
About Us
Nutrition
Recipes
Videos
Healthy Eating
Customer Comments
Got Questions?
Catalogue
My Account
Sign in
Register Account
Order Status
Wish List
Gift Cards
Stay Connected
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Subscribe to our newsletter
Email Address
Subscribe
© 2020 Sayersbrook Bison Ranch