https://www.buttrub.com/terms-of-use/
Products:
Butt Rub® Barbeque Seasoning
Butt Rub® Barbeque Sauce
Happy Holla BBQ Seasoning
Jubilee® Seafood Seasoning
Unca Duke’s Geaux Jus® Premium Pepper Sauce
Mrs. Lil’s Premium Southern Honey
Butt Rub® Cafe Whole Bean Coffee
Bad Byron’s Butt Rub® Roasted Peanuts
Butt Wear and Gifts
Product Ingredients
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of buttrub.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to buttrub.com. Copyright 1998-2014, buttrub.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with buttrub.com or purchasing buttrub.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with buttrub.com or to purchase buttrub.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by buttrub.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of buttrub.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of buttrub.com
Limitation of Liability
buttrub.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if buttrub.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by buttrub.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
buttrub.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to buttrub.com.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Florida, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of buttrub.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Walton County, Florida. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of buttrub.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. buttrub.com’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. buttrub.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a buttrub.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless buttrub.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, buttrub.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with buttrub.com, buttrub.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of buttrub.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, buttrub.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Shipping Methods, Charges and Timing
Unless other provisions are made or required, we ship all orders to the lower 48 states and Canada via UPS Ground, and calculate shipping & handling costs according to the total cost of the order. This cost will be indicated before you complete your checkout.
Orders will be shipped within 2 business days and you should receive them within 10 business days.
For International orders, orders to A.P.O. and P.O. boxes and orders to Alaska and Hawaii, please contact us.
Return Policy
We only accept returns and offer refunds on prior approval.
Angela H.
"Ya'll not only have the BEST seasoning ever, but you are also the nicest company that I have ever dealt with! Thank You So Much!"
Pam B., Villa Park, CA
"I love your products and can not live without them. I use Buttrub® on everything! It is great on all meats, vegetables, eggs and especially great in rice. Your honey is fabulous as well."
Rhonda T., Hobbs, NM
"Thank you for your product and your service.
You guys are #1 in customer service.
I enjoy the personal notes and little freebie goodies in each order."
Norm W., McKenzie, TN
"This is the best dry rub, 'EVER'."
Scott L., Forest City, IA
"Finest seasoning we have ever used!!"
Mike K., Ft. Collins, CO
"Roman Soldiers were often paid in salt, maybe Rome would still be a world power if they had paid with 'Butt Rub®'!"
Pamela S.
"EVERYBODY that I introduce to this product becomes a "butt-rub" loyalist! You have supporters from Ohio to TN and points beyond to Texas! I can't go home without it. Keep it comin'!! It's great stuff!"
Carl S., Portland, OR
"the best darn spice on the planet!!"
Keith D., Radford, VA
"I haven't found a meat that it's not good on yet. From venison to tuna, Butt Rub® ROCKS!!!"
Carol S., Concord, NC
"Butt Rub is the very best barbeque seasoning we have ever tasted!
It is the best for chicken, fish or meat."
Steve J., Raleigh, NC
"Here in the heart of bbq country, your seasonings are the best!!"
Anne S., Eastsound, WA
"A red-neck cousin who lives on the panhandle turned us on to Butt Rub®. We LOVE it!"
Milton B., Slidell, LA
"A fella Q'er gave me a jar of your Butt Rub...Good nite Irene, this stuff is awesome!"
Dianne R., Myersville, MD
"It's an emergency.
I need Butt Rub and we don't live without it.
PLEASE call me ASAP I mean I need it quick!"
Robert M., Northbridge, MA
"Your product is absolutely fantastic."
Devin C., Willow Creek, CA
"You have by far, the best rub made! I bbq and cook alot and I have used other rubs and why buy something else when the Butt Rub overshadows them by far! A very superior product, thank you!"
Karen W., Palm Harbor, FL
"This is the most awesome seasoning!!! My husband couldn't live without it!"
John M, Norristown, PA.
"You have great products and the clothing makes people smile."
David C., Lake Wales, FL
"This is the best stuff we've ever had on chicken, ribs, or brisket.
What a treat!"
Darren O., “North of the Border”
"You guys make the Very best Seasoning In North America...."
Gabe T., Tracy, CA
"The best I ever used."
Eric Z., Flemington, NJ
"There simply is no finer spice mixture on the surface of the planet Earth."
Lee L., Sylvania, GA
"We love Butt Rub!
Can't live without it!
We put it on everything from meat to vegetables to bread!
I believe we are addicted!!
THANKS FOR SUCH A GREAT PRODUCT!"
Jerry B., Raymondville, TX
"I have tried your Butt Rub and it is excellent.
Best rub made."
Shawn J., Portsmouth, VA
"Bad Byron's is still the best!  I tell all my friends about you."
Clarke W., Barefoot Casual, Miramar Beach, Florida
“Unca Duke’s is sure to put collard greens on the endangered list.”
Michael M., Alsip, IL
"Saw you on the Food Network and this stuff better be good. :) Congrats on the win...and your Mom is adorable."
Richard R., Austin, TX
"GOOOOOOD Stuff!!!!!!!!!!!!! And that is quite a compliment...coming from a True Texan!!!!!"
Deanne P., Danville, IA
"Hands down you have the best spice - we love it - the kids love it - the kids love it!!!!"
Zelda O., Portland, OR
"Our Family just loves your products.
Butt Rub seems to NEED to be on everything!!!"
Craig M., Land O’ Lakes, FL
"Bad Byron's Butt Rub® is the best seasoning on the Street! Bar None!"
Gisele N., The Old Fashion Lobster Bake and BBQ Co.
"Thanks for making such a great product; our customers cannot believe the flavor of our food."
Gail N., Montgomery, AL
"Some dishes I have prepared for years, I have seasoned with Butt Rub and suddenly they're WONDERFUL!
I'm truly amazed!"
Jeffery C., Bay City MI
"I have tried Butt Rub on everything and it is the very best seasoning I have ever tasted."
Laura C, West Chester PA.
"You sell the BEST tasting herb/spice combination ever."
Lynn M., Mechanicville, NY
"This is the best we've used....We have been using this product for about 3 years, on everything!!!"
Terry K., Charlotte, NC
"You are awesome. Thank you. There is truly no better product on the market. We put this on everything!"
Debra B., Camden, SC
"This is the best spice I have ever had, I put it on everything from fish to eggs."
join for the latest news: