https://www.anglerslane.com/privacy.htm
Menu
Home
Shop
Fly Rod & Reel Combos
Fly Rods by Vendor
Fly Reels
Flies
Fly Tying
Gear
Men's Apparel
Women's Apparel
Accessories
Gift Certificates
Vendors - All Products
On Sale
On Sale - Men's
On Sale - Women's
On Sale - Equipment
Guided Trips
Jackson River
Staunton River
Piney River
James River
Lodges
Rivenridge at Piney Forks
Stonesthrow on Jackson
Story / About Us
Our Guides
Casting Lessons & Clinics
Contact
Shipping & FAQs
Order Status
Sign In
Customer Log In
Create An Account
Your Shopping Cart Is Empty
Home/ Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement verifies
that Angler's Lane (AL) is in compliance with PrivacySecure®
privacy principles and guidelines. This statement discloses the privacy
practices for this entire site.
PrivacySecure®,
Inc. is a Virginia corporation whose mission is to make a
significant contribution to commerce on the Internet by providing a
means for users of Internet services to have confidence in the published
privacy statements of companies collecting information about users and
visitors to their site. Because this site wants to demonstrate its
commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information
practices and have its privacy practices reviewed and audited for
compliance by PrivacySecure®. When you visit a Web
site displaying the PrivacySecure® logo, you can
expect to be notified of:
What information Angler's Lane gathers/tracks about you
What Angler's Lane does with the information it gathers/tracks
With whom Angler's Lane shares the information it gathers/tracks
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to The AL Customer Service at Contact
Us
Angler's Lane (AL) has
adopted a set of information management guidelines which serve as the
basis for our customer and advertiser relationships. These guidelines
have been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are
rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not
established. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. Any such
changes will be posted on this page.
1. What information does Angler's Lane gather/track about you?
AL logs IP addresses, or
the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems
administration and troubleshooting purposes. We do not log IP addresses
to track a user's session, nor do we link IP addresses to anything
personally identifiable. AL does not require users of this site to
supply any personal information on this site except if needed to sign up
for specific services, such as fishing trips.
2. What does Angler's Lane do with the information it gathers/tracks?
AL may perform
statistical analyses of user behavior in order to measure relative
consumer interest in the various areas of our site (for service
development purposes) and to inform advertisers as to how many consumers
have seen their advertising banners. In performance of these statistical
analyses, we will disclose information to third parties only in
aggregate form. Personal information on individual subscribers will not
be provided to any third party.
Using the e-mail addresses provided at
registration, AL periodically sends promotional e-mail
to its subscribers about services offered by AL and its
advertisers. A consumer can indicate on the subscriber registration form
that he or she does not wish to receive e-mail information from AL or its advertisers. AL may contact a subscriber
regarding account status or changes to the subscriber agreement.
3. With whom does Angler's Lane share
the information it gathers/tracks?
AL shares the
information it tracks, in aggregate form, with advertisers and other
partners. We do not release personal information about any individual
subscriber to third parties. We also do not sell or share email
addresses with any third party, advertiser or other partners.  AL will provide a subscriber a summary of his or her personal information
provided at registration upon request. This information will only be
sent to the e-mail address on file for the subscriber name associated
with it.
Upon request, AL will
remove any subscriber (and his or her personal information) from our
database, or allow any subscriber to "opt out" of further
contact (while still allowing access to the site) or change/correct
personal information that the subscriber states is erroneous. To obtain
an information summary or request a change of information, send e-mail
to Customer Service.
AL is not responsible
for the content or the privacy policies of Web sites to which it may
link.