https://www.tfsupplements.com/store/page/privacy-policy.html
Our Privacy Policy
At TFSupplements we recognize that privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use our services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Scope
This notice describes in detail the privacy practices that apply to TFSupplements.
Personal information and other data we collect
TFSupplements collects personal information when you register for a service or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. We may combine personal information collected from you with information from other services or third parties to provide a better user experience, including customizing content for you.
TFSupplements uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience and to learn about how you use our services in order to improve overall quality.
TFSupplements servers automatically record information when you visit our website or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
Uses
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.
We may share aggregated non-personal information with third parties outside of our company.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.
TFSupplements processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America.
Your choices
You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result.
We make good faith efforts to provide you access to your personal information upon request and to let you correct such data if it is inaccurate and delete it, when reasonably possible.
More information
If you have additional questions, please contact us any time.
Keep Shopping
Password Reset
Enter your e-mail address, then we will send you an e-mail (from support@tfsupplements.com) to reset your password.
Your E-mail Address
Submit
Cancel