https://www.sporebank.com/page.php?jssCart=7dc81ddeb7000d88452f32cf9432a091&xPage=privacy.html
Specials!
Bestsellers
New Products
Customer Account:
Please Login OR Create a New Account
Forgot Password?
Friday, December 11th, 2020
Hello Mycologist! You are not logged in. Please Login or Create a Free Account!
Feel safe when ordering with us. All personal information and credit card details are relayed through our website are protected by high-grade 256-BIT SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Encryption. Unauthorized interception of confidential information is impossible while using this method of encryption. The small padlock at the bottom right of the screen and the "https://" address confirm that the encryption is active.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We only collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site or products, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by writing to us at the above e-mail address.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, writing to us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number, email address) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, writing to us at the above address, or logging into their pertaining customer account.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, writing to us at the below address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, when we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
*Disclaimer: The purpose of this web site is to provide information. The authors provide the information "as is" and cannot be held responsible for errors in the content of this site. It is not the intention of the authors to encourage people to break the law or to promote the use of illicit substances. Purchasing our products indicates that the buyer is legally able to do so and is over 18 years of age. Spores and spore products are intended for microscopy use ONLY. Psilocybe and Panaeolus spores may be illegal to possess in California, Idaho, or Georgia without the proper permissions. All featured mushroom photos originate from JXMI Labs in Westmoreland, Jamaica.
Spores for Microscopy
Edible/Medicinal Cultures
Growing Supplies & Tools
Mycology eBooks/DVDs
Sign up today for our periodic newsletter to receive e-mails containing novel lab techniques, tips, tricks, revised teks, and the latest findings in the exciting field of mycology. Also get discount codes and bonuses e-mailed right into your inbox!
Home
Mycology Products
Ordering Information
Research & Lab Notes
Partners & Resources
Customer Support
Printable Catalog
Wholesale
© 2020  Sporebank, Ltd.  o/a Sporebank.com Mycology Research Supply Corp.  All Rights Reserved.This purpose of this website is to promote research. By visiting this site, you agree to our Disclaimer.
Privacy Policy
Delivery & Return Policies