https://www.giftsinternational.net/info/cookies-policy
Open for orders and delivering safely at distance.
Home > Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
We at Gifts International are committed to protecting your privacy. For any privacy matters please contact sales@giftsinternational.net or Tel: 01325 313 914. All information given at the time of ordering to the point of payment is collected by Gifts International, This information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and according to the Which? Web Trader Code of Practice. The data is used to fulfill your order and for marketing campaigns. We use technology such as cookies to improve our services to customers. To opt out of our marketing campaigns just tick the opt out box when ordering or creating your account. We do not pass your information to any third parties without your express permission. Our payment provider collects your payment information which is totally industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the full encryption of your card details.
Cookies
Please see the table below for details of the cookies we use on our website.
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Session identifier
(Transient cookie)
ASP_SessionId
_ atuvc
We use a session Cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you've put in the shopping basket. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
Google Analytics
(Persistent cookie)
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmv
_utmz
Used to better understand how our website is being used by customers in order to improve the user experience. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more about Google's position on privacy as regards it analytics service at:
http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At GiftsInternational.net we use cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket, and to remember you when you return to our site.
To order products on GiftsInternational.net, you need to have cookies enabled. If you don't wish to enable cookies, you'll still be able to browse the site and use it for research purposes. Most web browsers have cookies enabled.
Please note that cookies can't harm you or your computer. We don't store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors.
We're giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our website.
Featured Products
View Now £70.39Lanson Vintage 2008 Champagne 75cl And Branded Ice Bucket Set
View Now £10.61Happy 50th Anniversary Helium Balloon
View Now £47.98Wooden Sliding Lid Gift Box With Lanson Le Black Label Brut 75cl
View Now £29.96Castelbeaux Chardonnay And Bohemia Glasses In A Gift Box