https://www.nicashooting.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to www.nicashooting.com and other technology resources owned and operated by Nicashooting, Inc. such as mobile applications, social platforms, chat rooms, blogs and the like ("Tech Resources"). This privacy policy describes how Nicashooting Inc. ("Nicashooting", "we", "us", "our") collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our Tech Resources and the information that we otherwise collect on our Tech Resources. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at service@nicashooitng.com or by contacting us by postal mail at the address below.
Nicashooting Inc. 114 E Calhoun St. Woodstock, IL 60098service@nicashooting.com
Welcome to the NICASHOOTING.COM. In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store, Nicashooting has taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online. Our goal is to make you feel as comfortable shopping here as you would from retail showroom. For each visitor to our web site, our web server automatically recognizes the consumer’s domain name and email address (where possible).
Changes in this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
What personally identifiable information is being collected? When you visit or make use of NICASHOOTING.COM, you may be asked to provide us with personally identifiable information in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested. For example, when you order a product, we may ask you to become a registered user of our web site, during which you will be asked for your name, shipping and billing addresses, your email address, and your credit card number or other payment-related information.
If you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we will also store a record of your request along with your email address.
In addition, our web servers track various technical details about your visit, such as your computer’s IP address and which pages you visited. We use this information to monitor and improve our Tech Resources as well as personalize your experience with Nicashooting through direct on-line advertising. If you access our mobile website, we may also automatically collect information about the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device identifier, your mobile operating system, pages you visit on our mobile site, search terms, the type of mobile internet browsers you use and information about the way you use our mobile website. We use this information to obtain data about your visits to our stores as well as your general shopping habits, how you use our mobile platforms and how we might improve them.
We may also collect location based information when you use our mobile website if you choose to allow us to do so. Our collection and usage of location based data is below.
We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. We do obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.
When you order a gift certificate you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the party receiving the gift certificate. This information is only captured as part of this specific order process and is not stored.
How is the personally identifiable information being used? The personally identifiable information we collect is used to provide the products and services that you have requested or that we think you might have an interest in. It is also used to improve the content of our web site, to notify you of problems with your requests, and to update you about changes to our web site.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
With whom do we share your personally identifiable information? We will share your personally identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
In order to operate this web site and in order to provide you with the products and services you have requested, we occasionally need to share information with third parties. We may transmit your personally identifiable information to service providers who assist us with processing orders, shipping products to you, processing your payment information and sending you emails and newsletters, We have agreements with these service providers that they will protect your privacy in accordance with our standard Privacy Policy. Some of those organizations may have their own Privacy Policies which may give you additional protections, so you are encouraged to read those policies when presented to you. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We use software tools and service providers to help us gather and analyze information about our customers (anonymous traffic, and from time to time, individual user activity) on our web site. By reporting and tracking ads served on our site, these service providers help us conduct our business, optimize our ad campaigns through the use of data analytics, and deliver the most relevant products and services. They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We use one or more service providers to send direct marketing messages on our behalf via email. Their only role is to help us conduct our business and deliver marketing messages that we believe are the most relevant to you. They are not permitted to use your personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
If Nicashooting Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.
Third Party Ad Networks and Behavioral Advertising We contract with service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this web site. They will collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on our web site or on other sites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. If you do not want these service providers to collect this information you may opt out. Opting out will not in any way affect your use of our web site.
THE FUNCTION OF LOCATION SETTINGS WITHIN ANY MOBILE DEVICE.
Once you allow location based tracking through a mobile application or mobile website, you are agreeing that we can collect and use your location data and can continue to do so until you turn off your location settings and/or opt out of that usage, as may be permitted by your mobile device. We use this location based data to track your general shopping patterns and stores that you visit and also aggregate this data to help understand general consumer patterns and trends.
How do I access, update or delete my personally identifiable information? If you are a registered user of the web site, you can manage many aspects of your registration information. If your personally identifiable information changes, you may correct, update or delete the information by making the changes on our member information page. For security reasons, however, some parts of your personally identifiable information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before such changes can be made. To request that we no longer use your information to provide our services, the removal of your testimonial, or the removal of your information from a blog or public forum, please contact us via our Customer Service email address.
The online registration area will also permit you to exercise control over the use of your email address, allowing you to opt-out of future email messages from this web site. Unfortunately, due to various legal and record keeping requirements, we may be required to maintain records about your purchases or other activities on this web site. However, you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of information stored about you. If you prefer to manage your personally identifiable information via other means, you may contact us by postal mail at:
NICASHOOTING, INC. 114 E Calhoun St. Woodstock, IL 60098 Email Customer Service
What are cookies and how do we use them? A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user’s hard drive by a web site you’ve visited. These types of cookies cannot identify an individual user specifically, such as by name or address, unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information such as online registration. Nicashooting uses cookies to observe visitor’s navigation throughout our web site. This helps us identify ways to improve the shopping experience, personalize our web site, and collect anonymous information to provide direct online advertising.
Nicashooting also uses both session cookies and persistent cookies, which is a piece of identification between your browser and our server, which helps to do things like keep track of the items in a user’s shopping cart, and other information. The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case the users’ session expires or they return to complete a purchase within that time frame.
The use of cookies and clear gifs, a tiny graphic similar in function to cookies, by our partners and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these technologies. Our partners and service providers use cookies and clear gifs to assist us with analytics and marketing activities to personalize your experience with Nicashooting.
What choices are available to you regarding the collection, use and distribution of the information and how you can correct any inaccuracies in information? If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by calling, sending an email, or by writing to us at the above postal address and telling us that you do not want to receive email from our company.
If you provide us with your email address, you may receive messages about your order status, or issues regarding the operations of this Web site, You may modify your email preferences by calling 1-888-333-6422 or, if you are a registered member at NICASHOOTING.COM, you may change them in the My Account section.
We will request your telephone number or facsimile (FAX) number, and if you provide it, you may receive telephone or FAX contact from us with information regarding your orders, requests for information or in reference to valuable offers from us. We do not sell or rent phone numbers.
Secure Ordering Process
Any credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). The NICASHOOTING Web site uses SSL to communicate with secure browsers like FireFox and Internet Explorer. These browsers encrypt your credit card and personally identifiable information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server. Don’t worry if your browser is secure or not - if it is insecure, you will not be able to purchase on our online store.
Once you have completed your order online, our security procedures do not end. We take appropriate precautions to protect the security and privacy of the information stored on our computer networks. Many of the systems which store your personally identifiable information are not connected to the Internet, reducing the likelihood of security breaches. Our systems are also housed in secure facilities, and access to your data by our employees is limited to a "need to know" basis, controlled by password protected systems, and monitored for abuse. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to phone, fax, or mail your order to us. For telephone ordering or assistance, please call 1-888-333-6422. Or, send your order to:
NICASHOOTING.COM Attn: Order Processing 114 E Calhoun St. Woodstock, IL 60098
If you have any further question regarding your online security, please contact us at 1-888-333-6422 or email Customer Service.
Children In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian
×