http://www.cintz.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Free Shipping on all orders!
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by CINTZ LLC. This website is intended to provide you with information regarding products and services offered by the Company.  By accessing, using, or downloading material from this website, you agree to the following terms and conditions:
Privacy Policy Statement – For each user of this website, the Company’s web server automatically recognizes the user’s domain name and e-mail address (where possible). Please be advised that if a user gives his/her ID or password to another person to use to logon to this website, that person will be treated as if he/she is the original user.
The Company may collect:
The domain name and the e-mail address of users of this website
The e-mail addresses of those who post messages to any bulletin board on this website
The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with the Company via e-mail
The e-mail addresses of those who make postings to any chat areas on this website
Aggregate and user-specific information, such as
What pages users access or visit
IP address used for tracking
Information volunteered by the user, such as
Survey information
Vehicle and vehicle service information
Site registrations
Information about the transactions the user conducts on this website
The information the Company collects is:
Used for internal review
Used to improve the content of this website
Used to customize the content and/or layout of this website for individual users
Used to notify users about updates to this website
May be shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact users for marketing purposes and commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: The Company uses cookies to:
Store user preferences
Record session information
Record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit
Alert visitors to new areas that the Company thinks might be of interest to them when they return to this website
Record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when users return to this website
Ensure that users are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads
Customize this website’s content based on users’ browser type or other information that the user sends.
With respect to children: This website is intended for users who are 18 years old or older.  Therefore, the Company does not knowingly collect any personal information from children.
Privacy Policy Revisions: From time to time, the Company may use user information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this privacy notice. If the Company’s information practices change at some time in the future the Company will post the policy changes to this website to notify you of these changes.  If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at this website periodically.
When you place an order, you will be directed to the secures Paypal site where you will be asked for your name, mailing address,email address and credit card information. All the information is collected by safe Paypal site and remains confidential. Under no conditions will your information be shared with a third party. Your email address will only be used to send confirmations on sales and to notify you of our sales related information. Your personal information that is requested on orders is used for the purchase of the item(s) and delivery only.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection