http://www.nearlynaturalsilks.com/pages/privacy-policy
Account
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Hamburger
Close
Cart
Arrow Down
Lock
Plus
Search
Minus
Vimeo
Snapchat
Checked
Unchecked
Wishlist
Wishlist Filled
Arrow Previous
Arrow Next
Heart
Rotate
Telephone
Right Circle
Caret
Amex
Mastercard
Visa
Paypal
Discover
Browse
Close
Shopping Cart
X
"Close Cart"
Skip to content
12 Days of Christmas DAY 11!
25% OFF All Christmas ornaments.
free shipping
free returns
satisfaction guarantee
1800-711-0544
You will never pay for shipping at Nearly Natural - either way!
When you buy from us, all orders (of any size) are shipped to you free of charge via ground shipping.
And in the rare case that you don't love your merchandise, we'll even pay to have it shipped back to us. We just ask that you save the original box and contact us within 30 days.
In other words, shipping is always on us. The only restriction is we can only do this within the continental US (the lower 48 states).
Search for artificial plants, trees and flowers
Search
Shop All
Bushes
Cacti
Ferns
Grass
Artificial Turf
Hedges
Pothos
Succulents
Desktop Plants
Floor Plants
Flowering Plants
Hanging Plants
Ledge Plants
Outdoor Plants
Real Touch Plants
Wall Mats
Quick Links
New Christmas Trees
Christmas Accents
New Christmas Ornaments
2020 Christmas Trees
$299.997.5' Rocky Mountain Spruce Artificial Christmas Tree with Pinecones and 400 Clear LED Lights
$112.994' Norway Mixed Pine Artificial Christmas Tree with 150 Clear LED Lights, Pinecones and Berries
$299.997.5' Cashmere Slim Christmas Tree with Clear Lights
$79.993’ Grand Alpine Artificial Christmas Tree with 50 Clear Lights and 193 Bendable Branches on Natural Trunk
$69.994' Assorted Green Scotch Pine Artificial Christmas Tree with 70 LED Lights
Shop All
Banana
Bamboo
Bonsai
Croton
Cypress
Ficus
Fiddle Leaf Fig
Olive
Palm
Spiral Topiary
Christmas Trees
Flowering Trees
Other Varieties of Trees
Outdoor Trees
With Decorative Planter Trees
Shop All
Hydrangeas
Lilies
Orchids
Peonies
Roses
Arrangement Sets
Centerpieces
Candelabrums
Tropical
Water Look
Small Arrangements
Medium Arrangements
Large Arrangements
Seasonal Arrangements
Traditional Selections
Shop All
Spring
Summer
Fall
Winter
Garlands
Swags
Teardrops
Wreaths
Christmas Accents
Thanksgiving Accents
Shop All
Spring
Summer
Fall
Winter
Valentine's
Easter
Mother's Day
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Containers
Fruit
Furniture
Spheres
Statues
Wall Decor
Shop All
Best Faux Silk Plants
Best Selling Faux Outdoor Plants
Best Selling Faux Trees
Best Selling Faux Silk Flowers
Best Selling Faux Silk Flower Arrangements
Best Selling Faux Wreaths, Garlands and Swags
Best Selling Home And Decor Accessories
Spring
Summer
Fall
Winter
Valentine’s
Easter
Mother's Day
Thanksgiving
Christmas
Containers
Fruit
Furniture
Spheres
Statues
Wall Decor
Privacy Policy
Last updated: October 11, 2020
Nearly Natural ("us", "we", or "our") operates the www.nearlynatural.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at www.nearlynatural.com
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number, postal address ("Personal Information").
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, and improving our services.
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Behavioral Remarketing
Nearly Natural uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page.
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Text Marketing and notifications
By subscribing to text notifications you agree to receive recurring automated marketing text messages at the phone number provided. Consent is not a condition of purchase. Text STOP to unsubscribe or HELP for help. Msg and data rates may apply.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 03, 2015 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Website Accessibility Statement
Nearly Natural is committed to providing a fully accessible website experience on the Nearly Natural portal located at: www.NearlyNatural.com for all users of assistive technologies such as screen reading software, screen enlargement software and alternative keyboard input devices. This is an on-going process and Nearly Natural is currently reviewing all website areas and is implementing the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) version 2.0/2.1, level AA standard on all page content and elements of the Nearly Natural web portal. Nearly Natural consults with an assistive technology vendor to periodically conduct testing of the Nearly Natural website portal using assistive technologies in order to ensure full compliance to WCAG 2.0/2.1 Level AA. If any users of assistive technologies are experiencing any difficulties in using the website please do not hesitate to contact: Nearly Natural, at 1-800-711-0544 or e-mail at: customerservice@nearlynatural.com.
Here is an example of how we could potentially use your content for marketing. As always, we will tag you for your photos and give you credit.
Copyright Management & Terms of Use
If you’re reading this, we probably asked for permission to share your content across our marketing channels. Our team loves seeing how you use Nearly Natural products in your everyday life. Because we all have the same goal – let’s share this content with everyone. Let’s share our love for nature with the world.
We’re always engaging with our audiences and looking to grow our community of plant lovers. Let’s grow our garden today by inspiring others in their plant journey.
If you are interested in having us share your content, let us know. If you do agree, you agree with the following:
You give Nearly Natural permission to display, distribute, derivative and disseminate your user content across NearlyNatural’s marketing channels. Including all social media platforms, email marketing, websites, customer communication, advertisements and all of Nearly Natural’s marketing collateral. Once you agree this content is considered royalty-free, meaning Nearly Natural will not compensate you in any way for use of this content for an indefinite amount of time.
You promise that:
1. You own the content you are giving Nearly Natural permission to use, if not, you have paid the royalties for this content.
2. Your content does not violate any intellectual property rights, legal rights, copyrights or publicity rights.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Copyright © 2020 Nearly Natural, All Rights Reserved