https://www.kreinik.com/shops/privacy_policy.html
Home
::
Privacy Policy
Printable version
Privacy Policy
Kreinik Privacy & Security Policy
We, at Kreinik Manufacturing Company, Inc respect your concerns about privacy and value the trust you have placed in us. This Privacy Commitment Policy recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of personally identifiable information you share with us (the phrases "personally identifiable information" or "personal information" mean any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.).
The purpose of this Privacy Commitment Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information or personal information we may collect from you when you visit our web site, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to review and correct the information. Our Privacy Commitment Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. We list how you can reach us to update your contact information, remove your name from our mailing list, or answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
As part of our commitment to your privacy, we agree to:
Provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale or exchange with other marketers;
Honor Customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone or other solicitations from Kreinik Manufacturing Company, Inc. ; and
Respect Customers' requests not to share their information with other marketers.
Collecting Information about You
You can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
There may be times when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. Such times may be when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive information, catalogues, etc. or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc. We also maintain a record of your online product purchases. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web site.
Ordering on the Kreinik website
At Kreinik, we always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you ordered in a timely fashion. In order to do this, we collect the above noted information. Orders placed on the Kreinik website are not fulfilled by Kreinik; they are fulfilled by a select group of Kreinik-approved retailers. When you place an order, your information is shared with the chosen retailer (chosen by you or by default) in order to fill the order. We require confidentiality and integrity from our retailers; your information is not allowed to be used for anything other than fulfilling your order.
Using Information about You
We use the personally identifiable information you provide for internal purposes, such as:
Provide the services you requested
Subscription or registration
Send catalog, information, literature or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Customize our communication to you
Provide you with information about Kreinik Manufacturing Company, Inc.
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
From time to time we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy policies are consistent with ours. These are known as Select Partners. In such cases we might share and cross-reference information, including personally identifiable information about you, which will enable such persons or entities to contact you regarding products and services that may be of interest to you.
To serve you better, we may combine information you give us online, at trade and consumer shows, or through mail-in offers. We may also combine that information with publicly available information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, to Kreinik Manufacturing Company, Inc or to others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it.
Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information about You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us or from our Select Partners please contact us at the following address:
Kreinik Manufacturing Company, Inc
1708 Gihon Rd
Parkersburg, WV 26102 USA
Telephone: (304) 422-8900
info@kreinik.com
When sending email or a note, please be sure to include your email address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, street address or other personal information with us, please contact us the same way.
Please note that these requests may take up to 6-8 weeks to be effective, particularly if we are removing your name from postal mailings. In addition, when you purchase from us online we may need to contact you via telephone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order even if you have opted to not receive communications.
Please remember, if you delete certain information you may not be able to continue to purchase products or access other portions of our web site without entering additional information. Also, if you place an order on the Kreinik web site, you will receive email confirmations from us about the order, regardless of your opt-out status.
Cookies
Our web site uses "cookies". A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us of who you are; tailor our products and services to suit your personal interests; estimate our audience size, track your status in our promotions, and/or analyzing your visiting patterns. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
How we use Email
When you provide us your email address, we may send you emails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. We send emails after an order is placed with a confirmation message. In addition, email communication between you and Kreinik or you and the Kreinik-shop fulfilling the order may be required to complete an order. We want to honor your choice to receive our Email newsletters which may include promotional materials. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each edition of the newsletter as well as on our web site.
Security
We use sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your personal information that you share with the vendor you chose to fulfill your order. We do not store any credit card data.  Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we will do our best to protect its security on our systems.
We urge you to keep your password in a safe place and not to divulge it to anyone. Also remember to sign off your account and close your browser window when you have finished your visit. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place such as a library or Internet cafe.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web site contains links to web sites that we feel will be of interest to you. However, these sites are operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted August 2018.
Questions and/or Comments?
Your feedback enables us to improve our service to you and review our privacy policy. We welcome your questions and comments. You may email us or write to us at Kreinik Manufacturing Company, Inc. Attn: Customer Service/Web Site, PO Box 1966, Parkersburg, WV 26102 USA, phone 304-422-8900. Our email is info@kreinik.com.
Cart is empty
Categories
Accessories
CAKS Charity
Color Cards
Fly Fishing
Freebies
How-To
Kits & Sets
Knitting Yarns
Machine Embroidery
Sale
Threads
Treasure Tape
Mailing List
08-29-2018
Subscribe to our mailing list for cool Kreinik news like product updates, free projects, upcoming events and more! Your personal information will not be shared.
Click here to subscribe
All news
Authentication
Sign in
Register
Forgot password?
Site Secured By:
Sign In  |
Register Now
HOME
CONNECT & SHARE
NEWS
INFO FOR RETAILERS
CONTACT US
Advanced Search
HOME
ABOUT US
SITE MAP
INFO FOR RETAILERS
NEWS
HELP & FAQS
PRIVACY
TERMS
& CONDITIONS
KREINIK
BLOG
READ IT NOW
LIKE KREINIKON FACEBOOK
SHARE PHOTOSON FLICKR
FOLLOW KREINIKON RAVELRY
FOLLOW KREINIKGIRL ON TWITTER
WATCH OUR VIDEOSON YOUTUBE
Copyright © Kreinik Mfg. Co., Inc.
Kreinik Mfg. Co., Inc. is a privately owned company manufacturing threads in
Parkersburg, WV, USA.
Metallic Threads:
Blending Filament
|  Cord  |
Cable  |
Japan
Threads  |
Very Fine #4 Braid
|  Fine #8 Braid
|  Tapestry
#12 Braid  |
Medium #16 Braid
Canvas #24 Braid
|  Heavy #32
Braid  |
1/16" Ribbon
|  Ombre  |
Facets  |
Real Metal Threads
|  Reflective
Yarn
Silk Threads:
Silk Serica®  |
Silk Mori®
|
Silk Mori® Milkpaint®  |
Silk Bella®
Iron-On Threads:
Iron-On
Medium Braid  |
Iron-On 1/8" Ribbon
Machine Sewing Threads:
Machine Sewing Gimp  |
Silver Metallized Gimp  |
Fashion
Twist  |
Fine Twist
Kits and Thread Sets:
Crochet Kits  |
Cross Stitch Kits  |
Fly Fishing Kits
|  Knitting Kits  |
Needlepoint Kits  |
Quilting Kits
|  Iron-On Thread Sets
Metallic Thread Sets  |
Silk Thread Sets
Freebies:
Back to School
|  Beads, Threads & Tape  |
Cardmaking  |
Costume
Making  |  Crafts  |
Crochet & Knitting  |
Fashion Art  |
Cross Stitch
Hardanger  |
Home Decor  |
Iron-On  |
Jewelry  |
Kids Projects  |
Miniatures  |  Needlepoint  |
Plastic Canvas  |
Punchneedle  |
Quilting
Rubber Stamping  |
Scrapbooking  |
Surface Embroidery
Website design & hosting by Dramatic Visions