http://www.westinghouselightbulbs.com/privacy-policy.aspx
lighting
outdoor fixturesindoor fixturesaccessoriescommercial service
light fixture tips and advicenew indoor light fixturesnew outdoor light fixtureshorticultural lighting2019 complete pendantsLED security light fixturesnew LED surface mountsLED work lightsrecessed light converterdesign your own fixture
ceiling fans
ceiling fansaccessories
ceiling fan tips and advicenew ceiling fans2020 LED ceiling fans2018 new accessories2018 new ceiling fan accessorieshow do i choose a fan size?save energy with ceiling fansfan types for every roomshould my fan spin clockwise?
light bulbs
LED bulbsCFL bulbsHID bulbshalogen bulbsfluorescentincandescent bulbs
bulb tips and advicenew LED light bulbs late fallLED lightinglighting educationwhat color temperature is right for memake the switchspecialty light bulb assortment
portable fans
about
online literaturevideo librarycareers
Customer Support |Site Map
United States   | Europe | Latin America
Home >Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We
recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of visitors to our
Site. In general, you can visit this Site without telling us who you are
or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect
the domain names, not the e-mail addresses, of visitors. We do not
collect personally-identifying information about you except when you
voluntarily provide it (for example, when you contact us by email or
request additional information). This Site is not intended for persons
under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal
information from or about children, and we do not knowingly market our
products or services to children.
USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Domain
name information that we collect is not used to identify you and
instead is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time
spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. We use this information to measure
the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site.
When other information
is collected from you, such as your name and e-mail address, we
generally let you know at the time of collection how we will use the
personal information. Usually, we use the personal information you
provide only to respond to your inquiry. This information may be shared
with one of our licensees, but only if necessary to fulfill your request
or for related purposes.
We may share the
personal information you provide with other companies we have hired to
provide services for us. These companies - our vendors - are
contractually bound to use personal information we share with them only
to perform the services we have hired them to provide.
We do not share,
sell, or lease personal information about you to any third-parties for
their marketing use. We will release information about you if you direct
us to do so, if we are required by law to do so, or in other legally
limited circumstances (for example, to protect your account from fraud).
ACCESS TO COLLECTED INFORMATION
You may review and update the information that you provide to us through this Site by contacting us as described below.
COOKIES
This
site uses cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data, which often
includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser
from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
No
data transmission over the Internet, or by other means, can be
guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your
personally-identifying information, we cannot ensure or warrant the
security of any information you transmit to us. Once we receive your
personally-identifying information, we use reasonable efforts to ensure
it is secure and not readily available to unauthorized individuals or
third parties.
LINKS
This
Site includes links to other sites such as sites operated by our
licensees. We are not responsible for the data collection practices of
any of these other sites. When visiting linked sites, you should refer
to each such site's privacy policy.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We
reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or
remove any portion of this Policy in whole or in part, at any time.
Changes in this Policy will be effective when notice of such change is
posted. Please check this privacy policy periodically to inform yourself
of any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
If
you have questions or comments about our privacy policy or if you wish
to remove your name from our databases, you may contact us at info@westinghouselighting.com.
Our privacy policies are under frequent review. We encourage you to review this policy periodically.
Home |
Privacy Policy |  Terms of Use
™ & © 2020 Westinghouse Electric Corporation © 2020 Westinghouse Lighting. All Rights Reserved.