https://www.bestkiteboarding.com/support/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Support
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Order Cancellations
While Best Kiteboarding offers only the highest quality products at the most competitive prices, you may need to cancel an order for some particular reason.Best Kiteboarding does not charge any type of fee for cancellations if requested before we issue shipping instructions to our warehouse. We ship most items the same day the order is placed, often within minutes or the same hour of receiving the order, not days like our competitors. Therefore, we can not guarantee that your order will be cancelled before shipping.In order to help us cancel your order before we begin the shipping process, please contact your Best Customer Service, before 14.00 CET on the same day you place the order. In the event your order has already shipped, we will be happy to accept a return under the conditions of our limited Best Warranty.
Customers sole Responsibility for Taxes and Duties
Best Kiteboarding accepts no responsibility for any taxes and duties for goods shipped to countries outside the EU/EEC. We ship goods worldwide but the buyer has to inform himself prior to the purchase about possible taxes and duties charged by local customs. Taxes and duties are not a reason to reject or return a shipment to sender. The HS code is determined by customs but previously has been either 88010090 or 95062900.
Returning merchandise
Products can be returned direct to Best only if Best Kiteboarding provides a Return Manufacturer Authorization (RMA) in advance.The Return Manufacturer Authorization must be clearly labeled on the outside of the package, or the package will be refused and returned to you. Best is not liable for loss of items returned without an RMA in advance. All merchandise with an RMA must be shipped back to Best within 7 days of the date that the RMA was issued (you may ship by any method you choose). Please retain your shipping confirmation for proof of shipping within 7 days of RMA creation until you have received a refund or exchange from Best for the returned product. Any return that is not shipped within the 7 day window will be refused, and the RMA will be null and void.To get an RMA#, follow these instructions:Contact your Best Customer ServiceSecure your equipment inside the original shipping box. If the original packaging materials are unavailable, you must obtain and use similar packaging materials and make every effort to ensure that the product is not damaged during shipping. Make sure to include all packaging, including any protective wrapping. Please also include a copy of the original packing slip with your return.Write your RMA number on the box in LARGE letters next to the shipping address. For example, “RMA 1140.”If you are in the US or Canada contact us at: info@bestkiteboarding.comIf you are in the EU ship the item to:Best KiteboardingCalle la Linea de la ConcepciónPolígono industrial La Vega  – Nave 20611380 TARIFA (CADIZ) For any other region contact your Best Customer Service to clarify the exact shipping address for your return prior to any shipment!Any unauthorized or improperly packaged merchandise will be returned to sender.Items not purchased directly from Best Kiteboarding (i.e. via www.bestkiteboarding.com) still enjoy the same Best warranty conditions, but are warranted through the original place of purchase only! Please contact the original place of purchase for warranty claims.
Damages during shipping
While it is unlikely that your items will be damaged during shipping, it can happen from time to time. Best Kiteboarding does everything possible to ensure the safe delivery of items purchased from us.However, in the unlikely instance of damage occurring during shipping, it is the customer’s responsibility to notify the shipper and Best Kiteboarding immediately. If you notice any visual damage to a box when you receive it, we recommend inspecting the contents immediately to ensure they have arrived undamaged and that no items are missing. You should ask the driver to document that the box arrived damaged. Often the shipper will want to inspect the box and packaging materials, so be sure to retain everything until instructed otherwise by the shipper.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.