http://www.wildlifewonders.com/terms-of-use/
FREE SHIPPING* TODAY on $99+ Orders! No code needed
Home
Terms of Use
Welcome to WildlifeWonders.com. Please review the following basic terms that govern your use of our Site. Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by those terms (the "Agreement"). Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that appear as part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrighted, trademarked or covered by other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by Wildlife Wonders. The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by Wildlife Wonders and all other trademarks appearing at this Site are trademarks of Wildlife Wonders. The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our Site. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying.
You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software. All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Wildlife Wonders on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, "Comments") shall be and remain Wildlife Wonders' property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to Wildlife Wonders of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, Wildlife Wonders will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Wildlife Wonders is and shall be under no obligation
(1) to maintain any Comments in confidence;
(2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or
(3) to respond to any user Comments.
You agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that no Comments submitted by you to the Site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments you make. We may from time to time change the terms that govern your use of our Site. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time. From time to time there may be information on the Wildlife Wonders' site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. Although Wildlife Wonders has made every effort to display our products and their colors as accurately as possible, the displayed colors of the products will depend upon the monitor of the user, and Wildlife Wonders cannot guarantee that the user's monitor will accurately portray the actual colors of the products. Similarly, Wildlife Wonders strives to provide accurate product dimensions which are normally provided by our vendors.  But because of the hand made nature of most of our products, all dimensions listed on our website should be considered approximate and are not guaranteed to be accurate.
Products displayed may be out-of-stock or discontinued, and prices are subject to change. Wildlife Wonders is not responsible for typographical errors regarding price or any other matter. To the extent that this Site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which Wildlife Wonders does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. In the course of your use of the Site, you may be asked to provide certain information to us. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of such information. Wildlife Wonders' use of any personal information (name, etc.) you provide via the Site shall be governed by our Privacy Policy. For further information regarding Wildlife Wonders' protection of your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Policy page. This site and its contents are provided on an "AS IS" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of saleability or fitness for a particular purpose.
You acknowledge by your use of this site that your use is at your sole risk and that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any item that you use in connection with your use of this site and that Wildlife Wonders will not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site. This Site is controlled and operated by Wildlife Wonders from its offices in Austin, TX. This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of Texas, County of Travis. This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or Wildlife Wonders. You may terminate this Agreement at any time. Wildlife Wonders also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly deny you access to the Site, if in Wildlife Wonders' sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement.
Upon any termination of this Agreement by either you or Wildlife Wonders, you must promptly destroy all materials downloaded or otherwise obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise. Wildlife Wonders respects your right to privacy. We may change or add to this privacy policy at any time without notice, so we encourage you to review it periodically. Wildlife Wonders reserves the right to vary this policy from state to state as required by law. By purchasing our products or using our website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the following privacy policy. This privacy policy will tell you: What information is collected by Wildlife Wonders How we may use and share information How we protect the information How you may contact Wildlife Wonders WE COLLECT Consumer Information. We receive and may keep information voluntarily given to us when you decided to make a purchase from Wildlife Wonders, register on the WildlifeWonders.com website, sign up for our e-mail newsletters, or any other time you provide any information about yourself.
This information may include: Your name, address and phone number; Date of birth; Your e-mail address; Your credit card number; Name and ages of children; Any other information you voluntarily provide.  It might also include information you provide us about other people. For example, you may provide us with some of the same information as above (name and address) for a merchandise gift recipient. When you provide us with personal information about the intended recipient of a shipment, we use that information for the purposes of processing the shipment and, in some cases, to communicate with the intended recipient to provide information pertaining to the status of the shipment. We rely on you to obtain the intended recipient's consent to our use of their personal information for these limited purposes. We may receive information about you from other sources such as updated address information. This information may help us to improve our ability to serve your needs such as ensuring the accurate delivery of direct mail materials. We want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us serve and recognize you when you visit one of our websites.
For your convenience, to help us personalize your experience or better serve your needs, we may receive and store certain types of information when you visit our website. You may be familiar with the term "cookies." These cookies may be placed on your computer when you visit our site. Cookies do not provide any personal information but they allow us to understand how users navigate to and around our website, view product pages, access content and make purchases. Information we collect from you may be shared between all points of contact within Wildlife Wonders, our warehouse and our vendors. We use this information to ship you your orders. In addition, we may use such information to: Provide you with timely and reliable fulfillment of requests; Do all things necessary to administer those services; Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online; Register you on WildlifeWonders.com; Facilitate payment for your purchases Confirm your orders and delivery information; Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests; Communicate offers, benefits and featured items to you; Administer giveaways, contests, birthday programs and similar promotions; Find and stock the products you want; Customize your shopping experience. The information that you give us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation.
We may do so when
(1) permitted or required by law, or
(2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions, or
(3) investigating fraud that has already taken place.
In addition, Wildlife Wonders reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so. Wildlife Wonders retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws. Your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you. Wildlife Wonders also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including, but not limited to, liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Wildlife Wonders or of any of the business assets or a division thereof. Wildlife Wonders may decide to retain a copy of the information after the sale or transfer for any use. When you fill out one of our forms or other requests for information, you may choose to receive email that informs you about new merchandise in our stores or online, as well as special offers and promotions.
In addition, we may send you emails to help us learn more about you and your preferences. If, after you have shared your email address with us, you decide that you do not want to receive e-mail from us, you have several options to let us know of your preferences: You can stop future emails by clicking on the link shown in the footer of every Wildlife Wonders email and unsubscribe from our list or call us at 512-584-6934 and ask to have your name removed from our emailing list. As it relates to questions you might have about our Privacy Policy or if you have a concern that Wildlife Wonders may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, please call customer relations at 512-584-6934, e-mail info@wildlifewonders.com, or write us as follows: Wildlife Wonders 9413 Bell Mountain Dr., Austin, TX 78730. You may also contact us in any one of the above ways to request access to or correction or update of your personal information. Wildlife Wonders makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access.
This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Wildlife Wonders uses industry standard security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss, misuse or modification of information that you have provided. When you access your personal information or transmit personally identifiable data to us, that information is stored on servers that we have used commercially reasonable efforts to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. While we implement the above security measures, you should be aware that 100% security is not possible.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Your email address