http://www.chockcatalog.com/privacy.html
ChockCatalog.com Privacy
Statement
Chock Catalog Corporation has created this
privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this
website: Chock Catalog.com
- Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
- Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and
services.  We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and
financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).  Contact
information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers.  The
customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when
necessary.
- Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section
below.
- Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and
services.
Any
personal information we receive will never be released to a third party unless the United
States or International law requires us to release it to an authority. (Such as in cases
of possible credit card fraud.)
Security
This site has
security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information
under our control. See our Security
Statement for more information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users
the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the
point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our
database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. If you
are subscribed to our What's New monthly e-mail, simply send a blank e-mail to chockcatalog-unsubscribe@listbot.com.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at privacy@chockcatalog.com.
SHOP FOR
Home
Shop by Brand
Men
Women
Children
Gifts & Fragrances
HELP DESK
Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping Rates
Returns
Security Statement
Privacy Statement
About Us
EARN CASH
Sell our products through
your website.
Click here to
join our Affiliate Program.