http://www.4nscale.com/policy/
Home
Policies
Policies
Policies: Updated 01-03-2019
Changing / Editing / Canceling / Combining Orders -  We CAN NOT edit, change, combine, or cancel orders after they are submitted via Email. If you call us, we will do our best to accommodate your request to modify an order, however, orders are put through our system automatically and they are sent to our shipping department before we can change them. If you email us to change an order, the order will not be modified. Any modifications must be done over the phone.
Shipping Policy
Domestic Shipping
We use USPS Priority Mail and UPS Ground as our primary Domestic carriers. Below are the shipping transit times from our location. Please note these transit times are from the time the carrier (USPS or UPS) picks the package up from our location NOT the time you place the order on our website. For information on order processing times, see Order Fulfillment & Turnaround Time below.
USPS Priority Mail (based on weight*)
UPS Ground (based on weight - not available for Hawaii or Alaska)
Free Shipping is available for domestic orders over $200.00. For Free Shipping we will choose the method of shipping. Free Shipping require a physical address. If you must deliver to PO Box, you will need to specify Priority Mail.
For smaller packages and books we also offer First Class and Media Mail. These options are generally the cheapest options for shipping but only available on certain items.
International ShippingAll International Shipping prices are based on weight and size.
USPS Express Mail International EMS  (based on weight*)USPS Priority Mail International  (based on weight*)USPS First Class International** (based on weight* -  Small packages only - 4 pounds and less)
Attention to International Customers Choosing First Class International Shipping.
We offer First Class International because many customers understand the risks and have had good luck with the service to certain countries. However, if you have not used First Class before, or are considering choosing it again please read and understand our warning below.
First Class International shipping is NOT air mail. It is surface shipping that ships in a container aboard a ship. The container does not leave the USA until it is entirely full. Depending on which country the container is going to, this could take as few as a couple of days or as many as a couple of months. Once the container is loaded it is shipped. Depending on the exact destination shipping could take several weeks to more than a month. Once the container arrives to port, it could be days, weeks, or yes months before the packages are taken out of the container and delivered to the customer.
The number that is generated that is often referred to as a tracking number is NOT a tracking number. It is a delivery confirmation number proving that Free Time Hobbies has in fact delivered the package to the customs department. 99% of the time these numbers, when “tracked” will give a final destination of Miami, FL. Miami is where the outbound USA Customs docks are and this is where the packages are loaded into containers for shipping. The package will most likely never be scanned again after it reaches Miami. As soon as the container arrives at port in the customer’s country the package is in the hands of the customer’s country’s postal service.
In short, first class is very slow and has been known to take more than 6 months to arrive. It is sometimes very fast, less than 1 month, but… there is no guarantee and we WILL NOT be held responsible for packages being lost, damaged, or taking extreme lengths of time to arrive.
If you would prefer Air Shipping that arrives in a couple of weeks or less, please choose Express Mail International or least Priority Mail
* We highly recommend NOT using First Class International because your package is very likely to be LOST or take MORE than 6 Months to arrive. We are NOT responsible for your shipment if it takes a long time to arrive or if it never arrives. Please keep this in mind when choosing first class shipping.
Customs, Duties, Taxes, and Other Fees
International shipping charges DO NOT include customs, duties, taxes OR any additional postage incurred with your local post office. These are charged by your local customs office and we have no control over if they will charge you or how much they will charge you. Please contact your local customs office more information.
*** We do not ship to Indonesia or Malaysia
Tracking Numbers
If the shipping carrier provides a tracking number, we will update your order with the tracking information. Please note that some orders using USPS First Class and USPS First Class International mail will not have accurate tracking numbers.
Order Fulfillment & Turnaround TimeAll in stock items are usually shipped the same or next business day, however during heavy business times it could take up to 3 business days of the time you place your order PROVIDED that the items you ordered are IN STOCK.  Back-Orders and Pre-Order do not have a guaranteed fulfillment time.  If you have a question, or concern about your order please email us at sales@freetimehobbies.com or call us at 706-946-1120 and we will be glad to find out the status of your order for you.
Pre-Orders
Pre-Order Policy – Pre-Orders are orders for items that are not yet released. Your order is a promised-to-pay reservation for the Pre-Order Item.  We do not charge for the item at the time of the order. We authorize your credit / debit card much like a hotel or gas station.  If you are unfamiliar with this process (especially if you are using a debit card) please contact your card issuing bank for more information on pre-authorizations.*
Pre-Order Items can only be ordered alone and with no other item.
* For certain items, or for multiples of the same item, we may require between a 50% and 100% non refundable deposit, paid in advance. This only applies in certain situations.
* IF YOU USE PAYPAL for a Pre-Order you WILL be charged up front when the order is placed. If you want to not be charged, you must use a credit card (not debit card)
Back Orders Please click into the item page and you will see the Email Me when Back In Stock Feature.  Please enter your email here and we will email you as soon as the item is back in stock. You can place the order at the time it arrives back in stock.
Pricing
Prices are subject to change on back-ordered items. If an item that is on backorder comes back in stock and because of the exchange rate, taxes, duties, carrier / shipping price increases, or anything else related to the price of Free Time Hobbies purchasing the item, the price is subject to change.
Any item with a price of $0.00 is either a Place Holder item (a pre-order which has not had a price determined yet) or it is an error. Any item ordered for a value of $0.00 will NOT be shipped for $0.00. You will be contacted with the correct price and have the option of accepting or declining the correct price.
Prices Subject to be put on clearance. If an item's price is lowered for any reason at any time after you place an order for that item we will not be able to honor the new lower price for your old order. The same reason for why we would not go back and charge you more for an item if the price of the item is raised in the future after you place an order.
Putting an item into your shopping cart DOES NOT hold or reserve the item for you. If there is one left in stock, and you place it in your cart and do not complete checkout, another customer is able to buy that item.
Placing items that are on sale in your cart DOES NOT secure the clearance price. Once the current sale is over, all items in the shopping cart WILL go back to normal price if you did not place the order during the time of the promotion
Return Policy
How To Return An Item1. Please email sales@freetimehobbies.com to request a refund authorization.2. Mail your returned item to:     Free Time Hobbies     Return Authorization # _____________      106 20th Street, Butner, NC 27509-2445
3. Include in your package a signed letter stating the reason for your return and the original receipt. Return ExceptionsYour item must be in its original unused condition to be returned. If the model kit has been started or painted in any way, including removing parts from the sprues or frets, your return will not be accepted. You must return the item within 30 days of of the date we shipped the item.
We do not accept returns on books, DVDs, CDs, Paint, or Tools for ANY reason.
All Clearance Sections Sales are final and we will not accept returns on clearance items.Restocking FeeAll items are subject to a 15% restocking fee, this will be deducted from your refund. We also do not refund the original shipping and handling that you paid on the order. We also do not pay for shipping the item back to us. This includes not in stock special order items that are canceled before delivery (If an item is a special order item, it is stated on the  item page)Damaged or Missing PartsPLEASE CHECK YOUR KITS UPON RECEIVING THEM. We cannot help with missing or damaged parts after 30 days of the day that your order is shipped (60 days for international shipments)
If your item is damaged or missing parts, please email us at sales@freetimehobbies.com and we will do our best to arrange for the items to be replaced. Please note that we do not have any replacement parts here. All replacement or missing parts have to come from the Manufacturer, but, we will do our best to have the items replaced for you by the manufacturer.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: • To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)• To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
• To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.Do we use cookies?Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.Do we disclose any information to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceWe are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.freetimehobbies.comYour ConsentBy using our website, you consent to our Terms and Conditions.Changes to our PolicyIf we decide to change our Terms and Conditions, this page will be updated with no warning.
×
OK