http://www.rollnlock.com/privacy-policy
Vehicle Search
Products
Products
Bed Covers
Bed Covers
A-Series
E-Series
M-Series
Accessories
Accessories
Cargo Manager
Find A Dealer
Find A Dealer
Find A Local Dealer
Online Retailers
International Dealers
Warranty Policy & Registration
About Us
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
Log In
Cart
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Roll-N-Lock is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Roll-N-Lock Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Roll-N-Lock website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Roll-N-Lock collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Roll-N-Lock also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Roll-N-Lock. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Roll-N-Lock for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Roll-N-Lock Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Roll-N-Lock public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Roll-N-Lock does not read any of your private online communications.
Roll-N-Lock encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Roll-N-Lock so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Roll-N-Lock is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Roll-N-Lock and Roll-N-Lock family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Roll-N-Lock collects and uses your personal information to operate the Roll-N-Lock Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Roll-N-Lock also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Roll-N-Lock and its affiliates. Roll-N-Lock may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Roll-N-Lock does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Roll-N-Lock may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Roll-N-Lock may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Roll-N-Lock, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Roll-N-Lock does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Roll-N-Lock keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Roll-N-Lock, in order to determine what Roll-N-Lock services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Roll-N-Lock to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Roll-N-Lock Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Roll-N-Lock or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Roll-N-Lock; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Roll-N-Lock, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Roll-N-Lock Web site use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Roll-N-Lock pages, or register with Roll-N-Lock site or services, a cookie helps Roll-N-Lock to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Roll-N-Lock Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Roll-N-Lock features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Roll-N-Lock services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Roll-N-Lock secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Roll-N-Lock secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Roll-N-Lock will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Roll-N-Lock encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Roll-N-Lock is protecting your information.
Your Choices; Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails. If you do not want to receive promotional messages about our products and services, you may unsubscribe from those emails by clicking the link in the footer of all promotional email messages. Alternatively, you may email Truck Hero customer service at any time and ask to be removed from our email list. It may take up to seven days for us to remove your email from our list. Even after that time, we may continue to send you email communications related to your transactions with us (e.g., emails regarding account notifications, purchases, billings, shipments, returns, customer support questions and similar information regarding your use of the Site and Services).
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your Web browser to refuse or remove cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Selections you make are device-specific and browser-specific, meaning that you may need to make your selections on each browser and on each device you use to access the Site.
About Our Ads / Interest-Based Advertising. We may work with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers, and other vendors to serve advertisements on the Site and in connection with the Services; to serve our advertisements elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding use of and traffic on the Site and in connection with the services. These advertisements may be tailored based on information collected automatically (through tracking tools like cookies and web beacons) about your activities in connection with the Site and other websites you visit, over time and across different devices, and across the various websites and platforms you visit. If you would prefer not to have your online activity tracked for purposes of receiving interest-based advertising you can opt-out with the NAI Consumer Opt-Out tool or the About Ads option.
Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, the Site and our Services do not alter their practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
Your California Rights Regarding Personal Information
If you are a California resident, you have certain rights with regard to your Personal Information:
Access / Portability– You may request, up to two times every 12 months, that we disclose to you the following: (i) the categories of Personal Information that we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we have collected Personal Information about you; (iii) the categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed about you for our business purposes in the last 12 months and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was disclosed, by category or categories of Personal Information for each third party to whom the Personal Information was disclosed; and (v) the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you.
Deletion– You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions allowed under applicable law.
Opt-Out / Do Not Sell My Info– The NAI Consumer Opt-Out gives you the right to request to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information to third parties. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sell” means the sale, rental, release, disclosure, dissemination, availability, transfer, or other oral, written, or electronic communication of your Personal Information by Truck Hero to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
You will not be discriminated against for exercising the above rights. You may exercise these rights by calling 1-800-882-0846 or for more information check out the CCPA Request Support. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. Note that we may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain Personal Information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests. California residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf. When submitting the request, please ensure the authorized agent is identified as an authorized agent.
If you are a California resident exercising your above rights to access, deletion, and/or sale opt-out, please note the following additional disclosures for purposes of exercising these rights:
If you are a California resident and wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline under California’s “Shine the Light” law, please submit your request through the CCPA Request Support form. You may also submit your request by email by sending your opt-out request to privacy@truck-hero.com or by mailing us at Truck Hero Attn: Customer Service – 4414 SW College Road, Suite 1410 Ocala, FL 34474. Please write “California Shine the Light” in the subject field of your email or include it in your written request. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or do not have complete information.
We collect the following categories of Personal Information as described under applicable California law: identifiers; commercial information; categories of personal information described in Cal. Civil Code section 1798.80(e); characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; professional or employment information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences.
We collect these categories of Personal Information directly from you, passively from your devices, from service providers, from our affiliates, and from certain other parties, as described in our Privacy Policy.
We use these categories of Personal Information for our own business and commercial purposes, as described in our Privacy Policy.
We share or disclose these categories of Personal Information for our business and commercial purposes as described in our Privacy Policy.
We may “sell” the following categories of Personal Information as defined by California law: identifiers; commercial information; categories of personal information described in Cal. Civil Code section 1798.80(e); Internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences.
Contact Information
Roll-N-Lock welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Roll-N-Lock has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Roll-N-Lock at rnl@rollnlock.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
×
"CCPA_OptOut not detected.""fast cache""site_page_cache active""USE CACHE:table""Cached Page"