http://www.microkitten.com/privacy.asp
privacy policy
Microkitten, L.L.C. - Privacy Policy
What Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information that you choose to provide voluntarily when using the microkitten.com web site. We may also ask for personal information when you contact our Customer Service. This will allow us to protect your confidentiality by verifying your identity.
Purchase Information
When you make a purchase using a credit card, we collect your name, your billing address for the card, the card type, number, and expiration date. We collect this information in order to bill you for your purchase. We also collect information that allows us to ship your order. This includes the name, address, and phone number of the intended recipient(s).
Cookies and Other Computer Information
When you visit microkitten.com, you will be assigned a permanent "cookie" (a small text file) to be stored on your computer's hard drive. The purpose of the cookie is to identify you when you visit our site so we can enhance and customize your online shopping experience.
Contacting microkitten.com
We will use your email address or phone number to respond to your questions, suggestions, and/or requests for assistance in using our site.
How We Use Your Personal Information
Information we collect on microkitten.com may be used to enhance your shopping experience in the following ways:
Deliver merchandise that you purchase online
Register you as a member of microkitten.com
Bill your credit card for your purchases
Confirm your orders
Respond to your customer-service inquiries or requests
Communicate special offers and featured items to you, if you choose to receive such notices
Find and stock the products you want
Customize your shopping experience
When and With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
We never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. We will share personal customer information only with our agents, representatives and trusted service providers and contractors for limited purposes, including fulfilling customer orders; offering certain products and services in connection with our web site; communicating to customers; providing customer service; enhancing and improving customers' shopping experience; enabling access to our partners' sites; providing a personalized shopping experience; and completing credit card transactions.
Aside from the purposes described above, we will never share your personal information with any other third parties unless we have your express permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law. We may share aggregated demographic and statistical information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
How We Protect the Security of Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is very important to us. In our efforts to protect your online transactions, we use a technology called Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If your browser is capable of SSL (and most are), your personal information will be automatically encrypted, or encoded, before it is sent over the Internet.
Microkitten.com has obtained a digital certificate from GeoTrust Secure Certificate Authority, a leading provider of Internet trust services.
When you enter a secure portion of our site (which is any page containing any of your personal information), an image of a closed lock or a solid key should appear in the bottom bar of your browser window. If you click on this image, a small popup window displaying site-security information will appear. This certificate guarantees that your personal information is being transmitted in secure (encrypted) form to a microkitten.com web server, not to some unknown or unauthorized server.
©2020 microkitten, llc. all rights reserved. :-)