http://www.woods-n-water.com/info/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Woods & Water
Privacy Policy
Woods & Water Inc. Privacy Policy
Collected Information
When you visit woods-n-water.com, make use of Woods & Water’s (W&W) resources or visit us, whether at our retail location, at trade shows or elsewhere, or otherwise contact us through phone or email, you may be asked to provide us with information in order for us to provide you with the products or services that you have requested. This information may include:
Name
Shipping and billing addresses
Date of birth
Email address
Phone number
If you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we will also store a record of your request along with your email address. When you order a giftcard you are given the opportunity to include the name and a message for the recipient. We record this information, along with the shipping information. This information is only used for the sole purpose of completing your request or for whatever reason it may have been provided.
We may enhance your customer profile and combine information you send us with other generally or publicly available information from third party vendors and data brokers to help us identify your preferences and interests and to help us complete and verify your contact and demographic information.
Online Information Collection
To monitor and improve our Online Resources as well as personalize your experience with W&W through direct online advertising, our web servers track various other technical details about your visit, such as your computer's Internet protocol (IP) address, operating system, browser information, device type, internet service provider (ISP), date/time stamp, clickstream data and which W&W pages you visit. This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies such as cookies, web beacons, tags, and log files. We use this data to gather analytics and to participate in ad networks.
Tracking Technologies
We and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base. Doing this allows us to more accurately cater ads and services to our customers.
Cookies
W&W does not use cookies to individually identify a user’s personally identifying information. W&W does use cookies to monitor a user’s activity on our website to gather information to help improve user experiences. This includes improving our advertising.
W&W also uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are only used to track your browsing session, while persistent cookies are used to identify you when you come back to the website in a different browsing session. Our shopping cart cookie is a persistent cookie, saved for a designated period in case the user’s session expires and they return to complete a purchase within that time frame.
Ad Networks
We use third-party ad networks (namely Google) and various social media platforms to deliver relevant ads to the user. These third-party ad networks may place their cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or other technology on the Website or the Application or in your browser to collect non-personal information about you when you visit this Website or use this Application (such as browser type, time and date, browsing or transaction activity, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, or a platform-provided identifier during your visits to this and other websites) to enable those third party ad networks to deliver to you advertisements on third party websites and mobile applications for our products or services or those of third parties that are likely to be of greater interest to you. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
We encourage you to view the privacy policy of advertisers and ad services to learn more about their cookies and other technologies. If you do not want to receive those kinds of advertisements, look for the "Ad Choices" icon in the advertisements, which will contain a link to the privacy policy of the ad network that will provide you with information on how to opt-out of receiving such targeted advertising.
Social Media
Our website allows you to connect and share information to our social media pages (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, etc.) These features may require us to implement cookies, plug-ins and/or APIs provided by such social media platforms to facilitate the communications and features. We may share information that you provide us or that we may collect about your use of our website with these platforms, which information becomes subject to their privacy and data policies. We encourage you to visit the privacy policies of these platforms for further information.
In addition, by choosing to use any third party social media platform or choosing to share content or communications with any social media platform, you allow us to share information with the designated social media platform. We cannot control any policies or terms of such third-party platform. As a result, we cannot be responsible for any use of your information or content by a third-party platform, which you use at your own risk.
We may also use the advertising services and networks offered by these social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter to deliver ad content. Use of these services requires the social media platform to implement cookies and/or pixels to deliver ads to you while online with such platforms.
Website Analytics
Like many websites, we use many analytics and optimization vendors. These vendors, such as Google Analytics, collect information that your web browser automatically sends, such as the web address of the page that you visit and your IP address. These vendors may also set cookies or read pre-existing cookies. This information is stored on the vendor's servers and the vendor uses this information to provide us with reports about traffic to our website and your visit to our website (such as the domain from which you access the internet, the web address of the website from which you linked to our site, the time and date of your visit to the web pages that you view and click through). We will use this data to improve our website structure and content.
Google may also use this data in accordance with their Privacy Policy, which can be found at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/. For more detailed information on how Google uses your data through our Site, please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS ADVERTISING FEATURES
We have also enabled the following Google Analytics Advertising Features: Google Display Network Impression Reporting, Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. The Google Display Network Impression Reporting uses the Google Analytics cookie to track our ad impressions and your interactions with those impressions, including the effectiveness of those ads, which generates reports for us to help us analyze our advertisements. Remarketing with Google Analytics uses the Google Analytics cookie to serve advertisements to you across the Internet based on your visit to our Web Site. Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting uses a third-party cookie to collect information about our website traffic by tracking users across websites and across time, which generates a report for us to better understand our website users.
For the Google Analytics Advertising Features, you may also opt-out of our use of Google Analytics as described below. Please remember that changing your settings with certain browsers and ad networks will not carry your privacy choices across browsers and other ad networks.
MOBILE WEBSITE AND APP DATA COLLECTION
If you access our mobile website or have downloaded our mobile app, we may also automatically collect information about the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device identifier, your mobile operating system, pages you visit on our mobile site, search terms, the type of mobile internet browsers you use and information about the way you use our mobile website and app. We use this information to obtain data about your visits to our stores, your general shopping habits, how you use our mobile platforms and how we might improve them.
On certain portions of our website, we provide entry forms for contests, sweepstakes and promotions. If you register to use any of these contests, promotions, or sweepstakes, we will keep your information in accordance with this privacy policy and any additional terms and conditions applicable to or posted in connection with the contest, promotion or sweepstakes rules.