http://www.jackmans.com/privacy
Canadian Florist of the Year
Jackman’s has been named “Canadian Florist of the Year” by Teleflora the past 12 years.
close window
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy
Occasions
Christmas
Birthday
Sympathy & Funeral
Best Sellers
At Home Favourites
Plants & Planters
All Categories
Prices
Up to $59
$60 – $89
$90 & Up
Luxury Collection
Jackman’s would like to make you feel comfortable using our website, and for this reason we have created a clear and concise privacy policy designed to inform you about how all information obtained by Jackman’s (www.jackmans.com) will be used.
Jackman’s would appreciate it if you could take a few moments to look over our privacy policy and would like to inform you that by using Jackman’s you are agreeing to the terms of this privacy policy. If you do not agree with the below terms, please do not use www.jackmans.com. This policy is effective as of January 1, 2008.
Collection of General Information
Jackman’s may collect general, non-personal statistics relating to how our visitors use the site. This information could include visitors’ IP addresses, how many visitors view specific pages, how long visitors view each page and the frequency in which visitors click on specific hyper links. Jackman’s collects this information in order to offer our visitors the best online experience possible. This information will only be shared with existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advisors, government organizations or other third parties who have signed full confidentially agreements promising not to disclose this information to any person or organization not bound by a confidentially agreement. Please also be aware that none of the information collected in the process will identify you personally, since although we collect IP addresses (numbers used to identify computers whenever your surfing the web) we only do so for statistical tracking reasons and not in a fashion that would identify you personally.
Collection of Personal Information
In order to purchase a product or access certain features on www.jackmans.com you may be required to register an account or provide other personal information. Jackman’s may collect, without limitation, your first and last name, email address, mailing address, phone and fax numbers, and other information. We also may collect financial information submitted to us voluntarily in order to complete an ecommerce transaction. Jackman’s may use the information you provide to request feedback about your experience; we may also use this information to communicate special offers or promotions to you via email. If you do not wish to receive promotional emails, we will be happy to remove you from the mailing list at your request.
Disclosure of information
In order for certain services to be performed, Jackman’s may have to reveal information gathered on this website to persons outside of the Jackman’s organization. These services include delivering products, marketing assistance, data analysis etc. This will only be done when a full confidentially agreement is in place. As Jackman’s is a business, in the future we may buy other businesses or their assets or sell our business or its assets. Customer information is considered a business asset. Therefore, in the event that Jackman’s is sold, all of our assets including customer information will be transferred to the purchaser. In the event that Jackman’s feels our business is threatened or is legally bound to do so, we reserve the right to disclose information gathered on the website to the appropriate authorities or agencies. We also retain the right to exchange information with outside people/organizations in order to protect our business and customers against past, present or future fraud and credit risk.
Use of cookies and action tags on our webpage
Cookies are small files transferred from a website to a user’s hard drive in order to make web suffering more beneficial for the user. The use of cookies is an Industry Standard and you will find that they are used by most websites. We use cookies for two purposes; first, cookies allow the website to identify you automatically, and change our website to suit your personal preferences; second, they allow us to track our users and identify how they use the site. Customers can disable cookies in their browser preferences, however, be advised that this may result in slower site navigation and an inability to access some features on the site. Be advised that Jackman’s will never save your credit card information via cookie or any other means.
In addition to cookies, Jackmans also uses action tags (a common web technology also known as web beacons or single pixel gifs) to track activity on our website. Data collected through the use of action tags may be given to an outside organization or person for data analysis and/or marketing purposes. The action tags present on our website strictly collect dry numerical data based on purchases, links clicked etc. The action tags utilized on our page do not collect personal or identifying information.
Outside Links and Public Areas
Please be advised that while using www.jackmans.com, you could potentially be directed to other sites. Please be informed that Jackman’s has no control over the management or operations of these web pages. These websites may distribute cookies, collect general information or solicit personal information. You must be aware that this privacy policy applies only to www.jackmans.com and we claim no responsibility for the operations of other websites.
Security
Jackman’s takes your security very seriously. If you purchase a product from us, all your information is secure. When you transfer information from your computer to our servers, your information is protected by a “firewall” intrusion detection system (This keeps unauthorized people from viewing private information on our site) and Secure Socket Layer Encryption. Once we receive your information, we take all available reasonable precautions in order to ensure your information is protected. These measures include physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. Unfortunately, no Internet data transmission is 100% secure. Hence, while we make your security a priority, we are unable to guarantee or warrant the security of any and all information disclosed to us via online transmission and therefore cannot be held responsible for the theft, destruction or unwanted disclosure of said information.
Privacy and Minors
We will not knowingly collect information of minors. If you are under the age of 18 please refrain from disclosing personal information to www.jackmans.com.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Jackman’s retains the right to change the terms of our privacy policy at anytime without prior notice. Please periodically check this page to view any changes, additions or revisions to our privacy policy.
Questions Regarding Privacy Policy
If you have any questions, comments or concerns relating to our privacy policy please contact us