https://www.speedsound.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Speed & Sound store
Welcome to Speed & Sound Electronics
1-800-647-6863
Monday-Friday 11am-7pm Eastern
My Account
Brands
POPULAR LINKS
Car audio
Car Alarms
Marine Audio
Radar Detectors
MANUFACTURERS
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Search:
Search
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
We at Speed & Sound Electronics Corp. take your privacy as seriously as you do. To help ensure your privacy, we use the most up-to-date encryption technology to keep your personal information as secure as possible.
This includes your billing, credit card, and account information; none of this can be read as it travels to our system. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise share your personal information, such as name, email address, physical address, phone numbers, buying history, etc. without your permission. Your information stays here, period. You do not have to worry about receiving unsolicited email from other companies or individuals as a result of shopping at www.speedsound.com. We do, on occasion, send out an email announcement to inform our customers when we add a major new feature to our website.
Once again, those email addresses are not shared with anyone else. If you wish us to retain personal information (to make repeat shopping easier), you need to complete our registration process, which includes setting up a unique email address and password. To modify your personal information, you will need to click on "My Account", and enter your email address and password.
Cookies
We require the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and Session Cookies to be enabled on your browser in order to take advantage of many special features, such as registration and ordering, or you will not be able to place an order online. Session cookies allow us to hold items in your unique shopping cart, and to tell your shopping cart from that of another user.
In order to assure that these services work, you may need to set-up your web browser. Here are some simple instructions; if you use Microsoft Internet Explorer, you can check and change the status of your SSL setting by clicking on Tools at the top of the browser, select Internet Options, click on the Advanced tab, scroll down to Security and make sure SSL is checked. You can check and change the cookies setting by clicking on Tools at the top of the browser, select Internet Options, click on the Security tab and then Custom Level, scroll down to Cookies and make sure it is enabled.
If you use Netscape, you can check and change the status of your SSL setting by clicking on Security at the top of the browser, select Navigator on the left column, and make sure SSL 2.0 is checked under Advanced Security (SSL) Configuration. You can check and change the cookies setting by clicking on Edit at the top of the browser, select Preferences, click Advanced and make sure "Accept all cookies" is set.
Secure shopping
At www.speedsound.com your order process is secured with the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. SSL provides you with the freedom to shop online without the fear of your credit card information being stolen. This encryption compares to a combination lock that has several trillions of combinations.
Speed & Sound Electronics Corp. has obtained a digital certificate from GeoTrust, a leading provider of Internet trust services.
To authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information, you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate.
There are three ways that indicate whether you're on a secure web page:
All URL's (web addresses) that require and use an SSL connection start with https: instead of http:
The key or padlock on your browser screen will become solid.
Security Alert messages may popup while moving between regular and secure pages.
GeoTrust is a service that authenticates the integrity of this encryption method (see the GeoTrust logo on the screen during the order process)
If security or privacy is still of concern to you
Our transaction security, combined with our privacy guarantee, should satisfy your concerns regarding online ordering. Keep in mind however that you have a number of alternate choices available for doing business with Speed & Sound Electronics Corp..
You can order on-line without sending your credit card number over the Internet. Just complete our on-line order form, print, and fax it to us at 1-718-531-1368.
If you prefer, you can always call 1-718-531-1365 or 1-800-647-6863, and place your order by telephone.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact:
Speed & Sound Electronics Corp.1435 East 63 Street Brooklyn, NY 11234 USA1-718-531-1365
Phone: 1-800-647-6863Web: www.speedsound.comE-mail: info@speedsound.com
About Us
Ordering Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
Copyright © 1997-2020 Speed & Sound Electronics Corp. All Rights Reserved.
Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners.
Use of this Web site constitutes acceptance of Speed & Sound Electronics
Privacy and Security.