http://www.rangerdesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - Ranger Design
Skip to primary navigation Skip to main contentQuickShip
Find a Distributor
Distributor Portal
1 800 565-5321 |
Contact Us
Français
My Account
Manage My Addresses
View My Order History
Cart
Ranger DesignThe Perfect Fit For Your Toughest JobsHome
Browse Products
Catalogs Library
Select a Vehicle
Ford Transit
Ford Transit Connect
RAM Promaster
RAM Promaster City
Mercedes-Benz Sprinter
Mercedes-Benz Metris
Nissan NV200
Nissan NV
Box Truck & Trailer
Ford E-Series
Chevrolet Express
Chevrolet City Express
Ram CV
GMC Savana
Select a Trade
Contractors
Delivery
Electricians
Plumbers
HVAC
Mobile Service
Work Station
All Trades
Select a Product
Shelving
Storage Units
Fold-Away Shelving
Drawers
Partition
Roof racks
Accessories
Flooring
Install Kits
Packages
Fleet Customers
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
DELIVERY FLEET
SERVICES FLEET
UTILITY FLEET
TELECOM FLEET
CASE STUDIES
DELIVERY FLEET
TELECOM FLEET
Request a Quote
Find a Distributor
Quickship
Distributor Corner
Authorized Distributors
Car Dealerships
OEM Programs
Contact Us
About
Career
News & Events
Blog
Media
Events
Media Gallery
Toggle navigation
Browse All Products
Build Your Upfit
Fleet Customers
Custom Solutions
Delivery Fleet
Service Fleet
Utility Fleet
Telecom Fleet
Diagnostic Approach
Case Studies
Delivery
Service
Utility
Telecom
Events
Media Gallery
Fleet Business
Dealerships
Search
0My Quote Request
Home > Privacy PolicyFiltersPrivacy Policy
Ranger Design Inc. has created this privacy statement in order demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Website.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide. We receive and store information you enter. When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. This information will not be used in manner different than the purpose for which it was collected. Ranger Design Inc. will obtain your consent should the information be required for a different purpose.
For example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply information such as your address, phone number or credit card. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of some of our features.
We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our website, and communicating with you. In addition, if you choose, we may share your information with other companies who provide goods or services that you are interested in.
We will not sell, trade or give away the names, email addresses, or contact information of our subscribers.
You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case Ranger Design may not be able to provide those services to you.
Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” selection in “Your Choice: Opt-in or Opt-out” of this policy.
We may collect information about your computer, including your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and in order to create reports. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies. Like many websites, we use “cookies”. Cookies are small programs that we transfer to your hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to provide you with a customized shopping experience.
If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them by going to the toolbar of your web browser, and clicking on the “help” button. Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new cookie. In addition, you may visit this and other websites anonymously through the use of utilities provided by other private companies.
Some of the cookies in use on our site are for Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how visitors enguage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a variety of reports about how visitors interact with their website so that they can improve it. Our site also uses Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting from the Google Analytics Advertising Features.
Like many services, Google Analytics uses first-party cookies to track visitor interactions as in our case, where they are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We then use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and what site referred the visitor to the web page.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites you use, visit this Google page.
Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we automatically collect other information such as email addresses, browser types, operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
Information from Other Sources. We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. This may include updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Agents. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Special Offers. We may send you special offers from time to time, unless you choose to “opt-out” of receiving such offers. In addition, we may also send you special offers from other companies. Again, you may “opt-out”. If we send you offers from other businesses, we do not share your personal information with them. The offers come directly through us. Please see the “opt-in/opt-out” selection at the end of this policy.
Business Transfers. As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that we are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Law Enforcement. If we receive a lawful court order to release account or other personal information then we will comply with the law. We will also release information when necessary to protect the life, safety or property of others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Choice: Opt-in or Opt-out.
It is your choice whether to receive emails or special offers from us or others. The following section provides you with this choice. Please note the default settings.
Please send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of your products or services.
Please do not send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of your products or services.
Please send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of related products or services from other companies.
Please do not send me email or other mail informing me of special offers of related products or services from other companies.
Children
We do not sell products or services to children. If you are under 18, you may use this site only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Other Websites
Various Web sites may be linked to from this site. If you link to another site, your privacy depends on the policy of that site. We strongly urge you to check their privacy policy. Not all sites guarantee that they will not share your personally identifiable information with others. You may also wish to consult privacy guidelines such as those recommended by the Online Privacy Alliance.
Contact Us
If you would like to learn more about our privacy policy, or to access your personally identifiable information contained on our website, you may call us at (800) 565-5321 or contact us for assistance.
Policy Changes
Please note that this privacy statement may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor.
© 2020 - Ranger Design Inc. All Rights Reserved
HOME
PRIVACY POLICY
AUTHORIZED DEALERS
CONTACT US
HomeBrowse Products
Catalogs LibrarySelect a Vehicle
Ford TransitFord Transit ConnectRAM PromasterRAM Promaster CityMercedes-Benz SprinterMercedes-Benz MetrisNissan NV200Nissan NVBox Truck & TrailerFord E-SeriesChevrolet ExpressChevrolet City ExpressRam CVGMC Savana Back
Select a Trade
ContractorsDeliveryElectriciansPlumbersHVACMobile ServiceWork StationAll Trades Back
Select a Product
ShelvingStorage UnitsFold-Away ShelvingDrawersPartitionRoof racksAccessoriesFlooringInstall KitsPackages Back
Back
Fleet Customers
CUSTOM SOLUTIONS
DELIVERY FLEETSERVICES FLEETUTILITY FLEETTELECOM FLEET Back
CASE STUDIES
DELIVERY FLEETTELECOM FLEET Back
Back
Request a QuoteFind a DistributorQuickshipDistributor Corner
Authorized DistributorsCar DealershipsOEM Programs Back
Contact UsAboutCareerNews & EventsBlogMediaEventsMedia Gallery
× Close Panel