https://www.clarkcraft.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Who we are Our website address is: https://www.clarkcraft.co.uk. What personal data we collect and why we collect it Comments When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection. An anonymised string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service Privacy Policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. Media If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website. Contact forms Cookies If you leave a comment on our site you may opt in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year. If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed. If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day. Embedded content from other websites Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website. Analytics We utilise Google Analytics to help us understand the performance and interactions users have with our site. We don’t use advertising partners or any other tracking. Who we share your data with We don’t and will not share your data with any other party, except where necessary to provide you with the service or delivery you have requested. For example – we would have to share delivery addresses with delivery companies to enable them to deliver you goods. How long we retain your data If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognise and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue. For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information. What rights you have over your data If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Where we send your data Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service. Your contact information If you’ve any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us. Additional information How we protect your data Data you provide is transmitted securely via SSL to our servers where it is stored safely. Access is protected through various mitigations and our IT systems are scanned quarterly for compliance with the latest PCI-DSS standards. What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data We perform no automated decision making and/or profiling. Dismiss
Search
Art
Watercolour Tubes, Pans & Sticks Watercolour Paint Sets Gouache Paint Gouache Paint Sets Watercolour Mediums & Varnishes Watercolour Brushes Watercolour Paper & Pads Acrylic Tubes & Pots Acrylic Paint Sets Acrylic Spray Paint Acrylic Mediums & Additives Acrylic Varnishes Acrylic Brushes Acrylic Pads & Paper Oil Tubes Oil Paint Sets Oil Mediums & Additives Watermixable Oil Tubes Water-mixable Oil Mediums Oil Brushes Paper for Oil Painting Gesso Primer Painting Palettes
Plastic Painting Palettes Porcelain Painting Palettes Metal Painting Palettes Tear-Off Painting Palettes Wooden Painting Palettes
Painting Knives Water & Paint Containers Floorstanding Easels Tabletop Easels Easel & Drawing Board Accessories Artists’ Sponges Artists’ Cleaning Materials Brush Wallets & Storage
Craft
Blank Cards & Envelopes Packs of Envelopes Scissors
General Purpose Scissors Pinking Shears Safety Scissors
Craft Knives Cutting Mats Craft Knife Replacement Blades Cutting Mat & Knife Sets Rotary Cutters Rotary Cutter Blades Trimmers & Guillotines Mount Cutters China & Ceramic Paints Fabric Paints Silk Paints Craft Brushes Carving Tools & Equipment Magnifying Glasses & Aids Modelling & Sculpting Tools Model Paints Modelling Kits Clays for Oven Baking 3D Puzzles Engraving Art & Scraperfoils Painting by Numbers for Adults Painting by Numbers for Juniors Fabric Dyes Face Paints Face Painting Accessories Poster Paint Glitter
Graphic
Calligraphy Inks Drawing Inks Fine Liners Markers Pencils
Individual Drawing & Sketching Pencils Mechanical Pencils Sets of Drawing & Sketching Pencils
Erasers & Rubbers Pencil Sharpeners Pencil Cases Sketching & Drawing Sets Charcoals Oil Pastel Sets Soft Pastels Soft Pastel Sets Pastel & Charcoal Fixatives Drawing Surfaces
Pastel Paper Pads Sketch Books
Drawing Compasses Rulers & Straight Edges Drawing Instrument Sets Drawing Templates & Curves Set Squares & Protractors Portfolios Telescopic Carrying Tubes Anatomical Figures & Manikins
Manikins
Haberdashery
Sewing Accessories Sewing Machine Accessories Hand Sewing Needles Overlock Machine Needles Machine Bobbin Storage Sewing Machine Needles Sewing Machine Bobbins Sewing Machine Spares Sewing Pins Safety Pins Fasteners Eyelets Snaps Elastic Cotton Tape & Binding Machine Sewing Threads
Knitting & Crochet
Yarn
Fashion 2 Ply 3 Ply 4 Ply DK Aran Chunky Super Chunky
Crochet Hooks Knitting Pins Books Patterns Buttons
Needlework
Needlework Threads Tapestry Wools Tapesty & Rug Canvases Beads
Antique Seed Beads Bugle Beads Frosted Seed Beads Pebble Beads Petite Beads
Rug Making
Latch Hooks
Shop by Brand
Login / Register
Shopping cart closeScroll To Top
We are open online and by phone - read more
We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By browsing this website, you agree to our use of cookies. More info Accept