http://www.finecraftsimports.com/finecrafts/privacy.asp
Search Advanced Search
Home
Catalog
Featured Craft
View Cart
Site Map
My Orders
My Wish List
My Favorites
Wholesale
Affiliates
Photo Gallery
Price Guarantee
Clearance
Press Releases
What Is New
More Resources
Articles
Testimonials
FAQ's
Contact Us
About Us
Events
Featured Product
Privacy Statement
Fine Crafts & Imports is very committed about protecting your privacy
and we do not share your personal information with any third parties
at any time. If this issue changes in the future you will be notified and will
always have the option to "opt-out". We make safe your online shopping
experience with us. Any changes to this privacy policy will always be posted on
this page and you are free to review them as often as you think there can be
something you need to know about. This policy applies to our entire website.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect some personal information from you when you register in our site or
place an order with us. This information is your name, address, e-mail, phone
number and some other shipping-related information. Our servers may also collect
information about your IP address, Host name and Client Browser for
statistical purposes. All the information is encrypted in our databases using the
latest encryption algorithms, this ensures that nobody will have access to your
personal information. If you have any concerns about this issue, please contact us
and we will make arrangements to meet your needs. If you have
any further questions do not hesitate in
contacting us.
You should also be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information online (either
through Fine Crafts & Imports's services or any other service available online),
personal or otherwise, that information can be collected and used by others. For example, if
you use chat, forums, bulletin boards, your e-mail or if you post personal information online,
you may receive unsolicited messages from others. Fine Crafts & Imports has no control
over this use of your personal information.
What We Do with Your Data
To expedite future visits to our site, we keep your personal information.
Your data can be used for marketing purposes, to sending promotional e-mails and
analize the distribution of our market. However, you always will have the
opportunity to get yourself out of receiving such information. The server-related
information (IP address, Host name, ...) can be used to track errors our
application might have and the conditions that triggered them, we can also use it
to determine what part of our services are most popular to users.
We do not keep credit card information in our servers. As soon as an order is placed,
inventory for that product is verified and the charge is made to your account. Once this
process is over your credit card information is destroyed.
When sending e-mails from our servers, we do not capture any e-mail addresses (unless
you are a customer who already has voluntarily provided your e-mail address) of either
the sender or recipient of such messages.
We reserve the right to disclose any information without notice or consent from you if it
is required by a law enforcement agency; to conduct investigations of
consumer complaints; to protect the integrity of our site
and our property; to protect the safety of our visitors or others; to fulfill your requests;
or to cooperate in any legal investigation.
Cookies Usage
Cookies are alphanumeric strings saved on your computer. The text file itself
does not cause any harm or presents any risk to your computer and does not save
any personal information about you. If you have cookies
enabled in your browser, we write a single cookie in your computer.
This is a user id that identifies your computer in our server. In this way, we keep
track of your shopping cart and future visits to our site will be easier for you, once
our server identify you as a returning customer.
Visitors Outside the United States
Our Web site and the servers that make this site available worldwide are located in the United
States. All issues related to this site are governed by the laws of the State of California in
the United States. Any information you provide will be transferred to the United States. By
visiting our sites and submitting information, you authorize this transfer.
Contact Information
Contact us by email
or call us toll free: 1-800-973-4099
Attn: Customer Care
Fine Crafts & Imports
Updated Jul. 24 2011.
Home |
Copper 7th Anniversary |
Price Warranty |
Contact us |
About us |
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy |
Webmaster
All Rights Reserved. Fine Crafts & Imports, 2002-2011.