https://www.proflagsandbanners.com/privacy_policy.html
Arizona Cardinals
Atlanta Falcons
Baltimore Ravens
Buffalo Bills
Carolina Panthers
Chicago Bears
Cincinnati Bengals
Cleveland Browns
Dallas Cowboys
Denver Broncos
Detroit Lions
Green Bay Packers
Houston Texans
Indianapolis Colts
Jacksonville Jaguars
Kansas City Chiefs
Las Vegas Raiders
Los Angeles Chargers
Los Angeles Rams
Miami Dolphins
Minnesota Vikings
New England Patriots
New Orleans Saints
New York Giants
New York Jets
Philadelphia Eagles
Pittsburgh Steelers
San Francisco 49ers
Seattle Seahawks
St. Louis Rams
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Tennessee Titans
Washington Redskins
ACCESSORIES
Privacy Policy
Summary of Privacy Policy:
Pro Flags and Banners Co. is a company of State Street Products, LLC and is committed to the privacy of our customers. We will not sell, trade, exchange, or rent your information to any third party. All information entered during ordering, registration, and correspondence is kept confidential.
From time to time, you may receive emails concerning new products, updates of your favorite team, coupon codes, special offers, and events offered by State Street Products, LLC and our group of companies. All email updates will provide you with the ability to opt-out of any future updates if you prefer to not receive these emails.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Pro Flags and Banners Co. website. On some pages, you can order products, register your account, submit questions, enter contests, and register to receive updates for your favorite teams. The types of information collected at these pages may include:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Favorite Sports Team
During the order checkout process, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product to the gift recipient. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use email addresses to answer questions, clarify product information, notify you of back in-stock status of an item, and to provide order and shipping information including tracking numbers.
Such email addresses are not used for any other purpose, except, from time to time, you may receive emails concerning new products, updates of your favorite team, coupon codes, special offers, contests, and events offered by State Street Products, LLC and our group of companies.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
Pro Flags and Banners Co. is a PCI Compliant website. To maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Cookies:
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer to help us improve your experience on our website and identify repeat visitors to our website. For instance, you will not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track your recently viewed pages and enhance the experience on our website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our website.
We are part of the Amazon Associates program. If applicable, we earn from qualifying purchases.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
If you have created an account, you can access your personal information by logging into your account on the checkout pages of our website. You can then easily change or update your address, name, wish list information, or any other information you have previously provided. You may also close your account.
If you have not created an account, you can correct errors or update your personal information by sending us a request to info@sportsflagsandproducts.com and provide information you would like updated along with your order number.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about changes to this policy.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email to info@sportsflagsandproducts.com or contact us at:
State Street Products, LLC
1862 E. Belvidere Road
Unit 106
Grayslake, IL 60030