http://www.putnams.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
See Christmas delivery info here. Free Standard UK mainland delivery.
See Christmas delivery info here. Free Standard UK mainland delivery.
When you shop with Putnam Health Co or visit our website, you trust us with your information. This Privacy Policy explains how we use any information we collect about you and forms part of our Conditions of Website Use.
Any payments made via PayPal will be subject to the PayPal Privacy Policy.
This website is operated by Putnam Health Co Ltd (“Putnam Health Co”, "we" or "us”). We are committed to protecting your privacy and we comply with data protection laws applicable to the United Kingdom.
This privacy policy applies to personal information about:
Visitors to our website
Customers who purchase goods or services or create an account with us
Our suppliers
What is personal information?
Personal information is any information relating to an individual who can be identified directly or indirectly, often by name, account number, location, an online identifier or other factors specific to their identity
Personal information may include “special category data” relating to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, membership of a trade union, physical or mental health and criminal records and allegations.
As a rule, we do not collect “special category data” about visitors to our website or our customers or suppliers. The exception is where we identify suspected criminal activity such as fraudulent claims or the use of stolen payment card details. In this case we will record details of the suspected criminal activity and may take appropriate action, including refusing to accept orders, make payments or give refunds. We may also report the incident to the relevant bank or payment card issuer or to the police or other appropriate authorities.
See below for details of how we may use your personal information.
Website Visitors: The personal information we collect about you and how we use it
You can visit and browse our website without providing your name or contact details.
Like many websites, our server logs capture details of your operating system, browser software, IP (Internet Protocol) address and Uniform Resource Locator (URL), including the date and time of your visit.
We use cookies to analyse how our site is used by visitors and to provide some of the functionality.
You may choose to provide your contact details (name, address, business, job title, email address, telephone number) if you do any of these things:
Buy or return things in store
Shop online (either as a guest or using your account)
Enter a competition
Sign up for news and offers
When you enter a competition or promotional feature we may also ask for details such as your name, address, email address and telephone number so we can administer the competition and notify winners.
Separate terms and conditions may apply when you open an account or if you decide to participate in a competition so please make sure that you read them at the relevant time.
Customers: The personal information we collect about you and how we use it
If you purchase products or services from us, we may use your personal information in the following ways.
Enquiries and Information:
to answer your questions or provide you with information you have requested;
to keep track of sales and enquiries
to keep you informed about our products and services
to notify you about important changes or developments to our site or services;
to provide a more personalised online experience by showing you the most relevant products and offers
Orders and Account Management:
to process your order
to help with any questions if you have started an order but not completed it
to manage deliveries, returns and refunds
to manage your account, including carrying out identity checks (if applicable)
to manage your credit account (if applicable) including carrying out credit checks
to pass onto third-party courier companies to enable efficient delivery services
Customer Relationship:
to monitor how our customers transact with us online, for example by checking who has redeemed vouchers or bought items using our website or other facility (for more information see Understanding Our Customers below)
to contact you for your views on our products and services
to publish trends and/or to improve usefulness and content of our website
to track activity on our site and to provide a more personalised online experience
to link with social media sites and services, for example, for advertising purposes
for market research purposes, by tracking activity on our site or in store (on an anonymous basis) to identify trends and/or to improve usefulness and content
Other:
for product liability purposes
to deal with enquiries and complaints
for claims management and insurance purposes
for general record keeping purposes
your first name (no-identifiable) may be displayed on a pop-up stating you have recently purchased a product from us on our website
Suppliers: The personal information we collect about you and how we use it
If you supply products or services to us, we may use your personal information in the following ways:
for order processing and management;
to manage deliveries, installations, returns and refunds;
for product liability purposes;
to manage your account, including conducting credit and other background checks where applicable;
for market research purposes;
to notify you about important changes or developments to our websites or services;
for supply chain management;
to deal with enquiries and complaints;
for claims management and insurance purposes; and
for record keeping purposes.
If you are a supplier and you have any questions about how we use your personal information, please contact our HR department.
Understanding Our Customers
So that we can provide a better service, we want to understand the shopping patterns of our customers, how customers select the products and services they ultimately buy, which apps and technology customers prefer to use, and how successful our advertising and promotional campaigns have been. We may use a number of different techniques to do this:
We never store your payment card details
We monitor which customers redeem vouchers using a code that makes the offer personal to you
We may monitor other websites you visit and the goods and services you look for using search engines in order to provide you with information about products and services from Putnam Health Co which are most relevant to you
We may connect with social media sites so that we can better target our advertising while you are using these services and improve the relevance of what you see
We also use cookies to track online activity. The information collected by cookies does not in itself identify a visitor to our site but if you are a customer or account holder we may be able to identify you from both sets of information combined.
Keeping You Informed
If you sign up to receive updates or have bought or enquired about our products or services, we may use the information we collect to let you know about our other products and services which may be of interest to you and to keep you updated with information about promotional offers and what is coming soon.
If you leave items in your shopping basket on our website without completing a purchase, we may send you an email to follow up and ask if you need any help with your order.
We review the products and services you buy and we also analyse your use of our website and the searches you make on this and other websites. We use this information to tailor the marketing you receive from us so it is as relevant as possible. This may include serving you with adverts on social media and other third party websites.
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by contacting our customer services team through one of the options on our “contact us” page https://putnams.co.uk/pages/contact-us  or, if you have an online account with us, you can update your marketing choices on your account. See Your Rights below for more details.
Call Recording
Some telephone calls may be recorded or monitored, for example calls to our customer services teams. Call recording and monitoring may be carried out for the following purposes:
training and quality control;
as evidence of conversations; and/or
for the prevention or detection of crime (e.g. fraudulent claims).
Retention
We will retain your personal information for as long as needed for the legitimate business purposes described above
If you are a visitor to the website, we will retain your information for a limited period in order to respond to your query, provide you with the information you require or to send you updates on our products and services for as long as you indicate that you are happy for us to do so.
If you make a one-off purchase, we normally keep records of the transaction for 7 years. If you are an account customer or a supplier, we normally keep records for 7 years after the closure of your account or the last purchase or sale you made. In all cases, this is for accounting, tax and product liability purposes.
Your information may be retained for longer than this if there are valid legal grounds for us to do so, for example if required by law or court order, or as needed to defend or pursue legal claims.
Working with Service Providers
Like most organisations, we engage service providers to run our website and IT systems, to help us administer accounts, to conduct credit checks and fraud screening, and to handle marketing campaigns.
We will only provide these companies with the information they need to deliver the service we have engaged them for and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. Whenever we share personal information about our customers or visitors to our website with our service providers, we will put in place contracts which require the service provider to protect the information and keep it secure. See also Transferring information to other countries below.
Other Disclosures
Your personal data may be disclosed to the following third parties for the purposes described above:
tax, customs and excise authorities
regulators, courts and the police
fraud screening agencies
central and local government
insurance companies
other professional advisors
We may also disclose your personal information if we believe that the disclosure is necessary to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or otherwise protect and defend our rights, property or the safety of our customers and other users of the website.
We may disclose and/or transfer your personal information in connection with a reorganisation of all or part of our business, if the majority of our shares are bought by another company or if we transfer all or some of our assets to another company.
Transferring information to other countries
Some of the companies who provide services to us may be located outside the United Kingdom. We use IT service providers who are located in Canada, for example. As a result, your personal information may be transferred outside the UK. We will ensure that those service providers comply with any legal requirements that apply to the transfer of personal information outside the UK, including, where appropriate, requiring the service provider to sign the approved European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries.
Security
We are committed to safeguarding the personal information you provide to us. We use appropriate measures to protect the information that you submit through our website and the information we collect and store about our customers. Internally, we restrict access to personal information. Only employees who need the information in order to do their jobs have access to it.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of information you submit via our website and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data against loss, theft and unauthorised use, access or modification.
If you have created an account or registered to use any online services, your account details may be password protected. It is your responsibility to keep your password confidential and to sign out once you have finished browsing.
Changes to this policy
This privacy policy was last updated in May 2018. Any changes to this privacy policy will be posted here. Please refer back to this page regularly.
Links to other websites
Links may be provided on our website to other websites that are not operated by us. If you use these links, you will leave our website. You should note that we are not responsible for the contents of any third party website. External sites will have their own privacy policies which you should read carefully.
Your Rights
Marketing
If you have an online account you can access, update and correct your personal information – including your marketing choices – using the account management facilities.
You can opt out of receiving marketing at any time by using the unsubscribe option in the message or by contacting our customer service team https://putnams.co.uk/pages/contact-us . You can also opt out of postal and telephone marketing by contacting us using the contact us link on the website.
If you prefer not to receive marketing which is tailored to suit your customer profile, please contact our customer service team https://putnams.co.uk/pages/contact-us . You will still receive generic marketing unless you opt out of receiving marketing entirely.
Access and Correction
If you would like to correct or update any of your other personal information, or if you would like a copy of the personal information we hold, please contact us at the address below. We may need to ask for proof of your identity before we can respond to your request.
Other Rights
You may also have the following rights in relation to your personal information:
in certain circumstances, the right to restrict or object to the processing of your personal information (including profiling), or request that your personal information is deleted
where you have provided personal information voluntarily, or otherwise consented to its use, the right to withdraw your consent
in certain circumstances, the right to receive a copy of the personal information which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to request that we transfer that information to another party (known as “data portability”)
the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority (see further below)
If you have a query about this privacy policy or wish to exercise your rights, please contact the Group’s Data Protection Officer by writing to them at:
FAO HR – DATA PROTECTION GDPR
Putnam Health Co
Eastern Wood Road
Langage Industrial Estate
Plymouth
Devon
PL7 5ET
Or emailing them at:
info@putnams.co.uk (marking emails for the attention of the HR – DATA PROTECTION)
If you are not satisfied with our use of your personal information or our response to any request made by you in relation to your personal information, you have a right to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner:
Information Commissioner’s Office Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF
Tel: 0303 123 1113 (local rate)
casework@ico.org.uk
Legal Basis for Processing
Some of the information we collect is provided by you voluntarily (and therefore with your permission), for example when you sign up to join a mailing list or submit a query.
If you purchase items from us, or if you supply products or services to us, most of the information we collect is necessary so that we can fulfil the contract between us.
The remainder of the information is collected for our legitimate business purposes, which include:
To keep in touch with current, past and prospective customers
To provide online account management and related services
To gain an understanding of how our customers interact with us so we can provide the most relevant products and services
To monitor the use of our website and improve its facilities
To identify suspected criminal activity and take appropriate action
To manage our supply chain and the relationship with our suppliers
To protect and defend our rights
When we collect personal information from you we will indicate whether it is mandatory or voluntary – this is done on the website by using asterisks to mark mandatory fields.
If you have any questions or need any advice, please contact us by email at info@putnams.co.uk or telephone us on +44 (0) 1752 345678 (Monday-Friday 8.45am-4.45pm) or fax on +44 (0) 1752 340340 or write to us at Putnam Health Co Ltd, Eastern Wood Road, Langage Industrial Estate, Plympton PL7 5ET
Company No. 03364357
Company VAT No. GB 350 5952 55
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal