http://www.nationalcycle.com/privacy-security
Filter product by:
Edit
Remove
Shop
Select Bike
Product Overview
American V-Twin
Windshields
VStream® Windscreens
Wave® Windscreens
SwitchBlade® Quick-Release Windshields
Wave QR® Quick Release Fairings
Spartan® Quick Release Windshields
Replacement Screens
Heavy Duty™ Windshields
Heritage Line: Beaded Windshield Components
Classic Beaded FXS Windshield
Dakota 3.0™ Windshields
Gladiator® Windshields
Plexifairing™
Street Shield™ and Street Shield EX™
Deflector Screen™
Mohawk™ Windshield
Flyscreen®Windshield Accessories
Holdster™ Bags and Windshield Storage BagsWindshield Care
Shield Wash™ and RainZip®Deflectors
Hand Deflectors
Chrome Lower Deflectors
Heat ShieldsAccessory Lights
Spotlight Bars and AccessoriesChrome Accessories
Cast Fender Tips and Speedo CowlsLuggage
Cruiseliner™ Saddlebags
National Cycle Storage PodPaladin® Scout Accessories
Quick Release Back Rest/Luggage RacksPeacemakers Exhaust Systems
Peacemakers® Exhaust Systems
Metric
Windshields
VStream® Windscreens
VStream® Windscreens for Gold Wings
SwitchBlade® Quick-Release Windshields
Spartan® Quick Release Windshields
Replacement Screens
Heavy Duty™ Windshields
Dakota 3.0™ and Dakota 4.5™ Windshields
Plexifairing™ and Plexistar™
Plexifairing GT™
Street Shield™ and Street Shield EX™
Deflector Screen™
F-Series™ Fairings
Mohawk™ Windshield
Flyscreen®Windshield Accessories
Holdster™ Bags and Windshield Storage BagsWindshield Care
Shield Wash™ and RainZip®Deflectors
Hand Deflectors
Chrome Lower Deflectors
GL1800 Wing Deflectors™Accessory Lights
Spotlight Bars and AccessoriesChrome Accessories
Cast Fender Tips and Speedo CowlsPaladin® Accessories
Quick Release Back Rest/Luggage Rack
Metric Cruiser Highway Bars
GL1800 Gold Wing Comfort BarsLuggage
Cruiseliner™ Saddlebags
National Cycle Storage PodPeacemakers Exhaust Systems
Peacemakers® Exhaust Systems
ATV/UTV
Windshields
Wash'n'Wipe™ SxS UTV Windshields
UTV Windshields
National Cycle ATV Windshields
Bobcat™ ATV FairingsWindshield Accessories
Holdster™ Windshield BagsWindshield Care
Shield Wash™ and RainZip®Deflectors
AirFlares™ for SxS UTVs
Gifts and Apparel
Gift Items
National Cycle GiftsApparel
National Cycle Apparel
Scooters/Urban Transport
Windshields
VStream® Windscreens
Replacement ScreensWindshield Care
Shield Wash™ and RainZip®Luggage
National Cycle Storage Pod
BMW
Windshields
VStream® Windscreens
Heavy Duty™ Windshields
Dakota 4.5™ Windshields
ZTechnik® Accessory Windscreens
Flyscreen®
Mohawk™ WindshieldWindshield Accessories
ZTechnik® LeverAction™ Rake Adjust Kit
ZTechnik® Mirror Extenders
ZTechnik® Windscreen Stabilizer KitWindshield Care
Shield Wash™ and RainZip®Deflectors
GS Fairing WingletsHeadlight Guards
ZTechnik® Headlight GuardsAccessory Mounts
ZTechnik® Accessory Mounts
ZTechnik® Accessory Mount Adapters
ZTechnik® Accessory Mount Cases
ZTechnik® Accessory Lighting MountsCarbon Fiber Trim
ZTechnik® Carbon Fiber TrimAnodized Aluminum Trim
ZTechnik® Machined Aluminum ZCaps™
ZTechnik® Machined Aluminum ZPlugs™
ZTechnik® Machined Aluminum ZGuards™Engine Guards
ZTechnik® R-Series Engine GuardsRacks and Luggage
ZTechnik® Storage Pod
ZTechnik® Chrome K1200LT Trunk RackHelmet Locks
ZTechnik® License Plate Bracket Helmet Locks
Customer Support
Service/Support Overview
How To Order
International Distributors
Shipping and Returns Policy
Windshield Warranty Registration
View/Download a Catalog
Download Product Instruction Sheets
Order Replacement Parts
Windshield Bible
The History of Motorcycle Windshields
Why Buy a Windshield?
Get the Right Height
Polycarbonate Windshield Strength
Our Quantum® Innovation
The RainZip® Difference
Caring for Your Windshield
How to Trim Your Windshield
Our 3-Year Unbreakable Warranty
About Us
Who We Are
Our Historic Timeline
National Cycle Brands
Rider*Centrik™: A Culture of Enthusiasts
Our ZTechnik® Brand
News Center
New Products
Featured Videos
Company News
NC Racing News
Rally/Event Calendar
Customer Testimonials
Motorcycles for Sale
Press Releases
Downloads
Job Postings
Manufacturing
Manufacturing Overview
ISO 9001 Certification
What's Hot
VStream® Windscreens
Support
Windscreen WarrantyRegistration
Order Replacement Parts
Download Catalogs
Download ProductInstruction Sheets
Frequently AskedQuestions
News & Events
Rally/Events Calendar
New Products
Job Postings
Quick Links
Home
National Cycle's Privacy Policy and Your Security
Our Privacy Policy and Your Security
At National Cycle, we won't sell, trade, or share your personal identity information with anybody; it's as simple as that. If you are interested in reading about the specifics of our policy, they are explained below.
Thanks!
Barry Willey, President
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy as of January 1, 2018. This policy is subject to change in accordance with the terms set forth in this policy.
1. OUR PRIVACY PLEDGE TO YOU
At National Cycle, we pride ourselves on satisfying you in every way we can. That is why close attention is paid to the way we handle your personal information. When you provide us your name, e-mail, phone number, address, credit card number, or bank account number, you can be assured it will not be shared with anyone that doesn't need it to process your order. We do reserve the right to permit official use of your information in the result of a subpoena or a legitimate legal issue.
2. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
This section is broken down into four areas of our website.
A Non-Registered Visitor
When you use our website without signing in (visiting anonymously), we do not collect any personally identifiable information about you. Our web server does automatically log the visit information of IP addresses including, but not limited to length of visit, domain, subnet, pages visited, and number of clicks through.
Registered (Member) Areas of the Site
For a visitor to use the registered or member areas of our site, they must provide personally identifiable information so our online staff can communicate with them regarding online orders. This information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, e-mail address, home address, and shipping address.
Survey & Service Improvement Area of the Site
Some registered members enjoy helping us improve our website by participating in activities that include, but are not limited to, surveys and online focus groups. These activities may require additional forms of anonymous tracking so we can adequately manage and collect the anonymous metrics that are generated. In certain circumstances, we reserve the right to share this non-personally identifiable information with marketing agencies, including, but not limited to, our advertising agency and our web-marketing consultants, for their expertise. To participate in these activities, visitors must meet these two qualifications: 1) They must be a registered member; and 2) Agree to the rules and qualifications set forth by each specific activity. Again, personal identity information is not collected or used in these activities.
E-Mail
Your e-mail address is used to correspond with you regarding the following things: 1) Answers to questions from our sales, customer, and technical support staff; 2) Promotional/marketing messages that you may have opted-in to receive when you signed up your account online.
You can view or change your personal information and preferences at any time by logging into the site and accessing the My Account page. However, if you would like to remove yourself from the promotional e-mail list, you will need to unsubscribe at the bottom of the promotional e-mail or reply to the email with unsubscribe in the subject line.
3. COOKIES: WHICH ONES WE SET & HOW THEY BENEFIT YOU
National Cycle sets single-session and persistant cookies, which are necessary to operate features such as, but not limited to, user login, online ordering, stored shopping carts, and credit card information access. Without the use of cookies we wouldn't be able to offer you these timesaving, value-enhancing features. We also set a persistent cookie that stores your login id if you have selected the Remember Me option during the sign-in process.
We may also utilize cookies for online advertising. We may also allow “third-party” entities such as ad servers, ad networks and data collection organizations, to place and utilize cookies on our site. Cookies enable us and other third-parties to present
ads to users based on their visit to National Cycle's web site and other sites on the Internet.
For more information on cookies we use, see our Cookie Policy page.
4. WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share your information with anyone outside National Cycle unless it is a request that is in the interest of the law or certified government agencies (e.g. subpoena or legal reasons). We share your information internally at National Cycle for the sole purpose of processing your order.
5. HERE'S HOW WE ENSURE YOUR HIGHEST SECURITY
We always protect your information from the outside by not sharing it unless we are required to do so by law. We have streamlined our order-taking process, thereby reducing the number of internal people who see your information.
6. FORMER CUSTOMERS
We do not share information about our former customers with anyone (except in response to subpoenas or for other legitimate legal reasons).
7. CHANGES IN THIS POLICY
If our privacy policy changes, and it effects the way your personally identifiable information is collected, stored, transmitted or disclosed to any third parties, we will provide advance notice of the change using the following methods:
Notification of the change will be posted on our web site for a minimum of thirty days before the change takes effect.
An email will be sent to the address associated with your user account at least thirty days in advance to notify you of a policy change.
You will always have the opportunity to opt-out of any changes to the policy.
If you have questions, comments, or want your user account deleted, please e-mail us at support@nationalcycle.com or call 877-972-7336.
Your Security
National Cycle wants to assure you that your transactions are secure when you place an order through nationalcycle.com.
HTTPS://WWW.NATIONALCYCLE.COM
When you enter the Checkout process of NationalCycle.com you will notice the address at the top of your browser changed from http://www.nationalcycle.com to https://www.nationalcycle.com. This means you have accessed a secure SSL (Secure Socket Layer) page. The information you enter on https pages is securely passed between your computer and our web server. The Account Options page is also a secured page.
Another way to tell if you are on a secure page is the padlock image at the bottom of your browser or in the address bar.
EXTENDED VALIDATION SSL
An Extended Validation SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Certificate allows high-security web browsers information to visibly identify nationalcycle.com as the organizational identity of the website. The address bar will turn green (see above) and identify National Cycle Inc. as the certificate holder.
VERIFIED CERTIFICATE
National Cycle uses certification software that enables the security on nationalcycle.com. Clicking on the lock icon (above) in the address bar will show that nationalcycle.com has a current and valid Security Certificate.
YOUR CREDIT CARDS IN CHECKOUT
Every page of the Checkout process is under the secure site. Your payment and credit card information is encrypted and only used to communicate with the payment gateway to verify and approve payment for your order.
Credit card information is never saved for this or future orders.
Personal information, billing and shipping addresses, and order history are saved under "My Account".