http://www.schiffvitamins.com/pages/help-center
HomeAll Products
Our Shop - Help Center & FAQs
Contact US
Order/Rewards/Brain Gym Questions
Product Questions
Phone: 1 (888) 532-4574
Phone: 1 (800) 526-6251
Email: schiffcustomercare@rb.com
Email: consumer.relations@rb.com
Order/Rewards/Brain Gym Questions
Phone: 1 (888) 532-4574
Email: schiffcustomercare@rb.com
Product Questions
Phone: 1 (800) 526-6251
Email: consumer.relations@rb.com
Shop FAQs
Rewards FAQs
Brain Gym FAQs
FAQs
Why Can't I Find Schiff Melatonin Ultra?
Schiff Melatonin Ultra has been discontinued. While you may still find it at a few select retailers and online, we are no longer manufacturing this product. But don’t despair! We’re making room for new things and we hope you’ll love them just as much.
Tell me about shipping
We ship to all 50 states in the USA and to APO/FPO/DPO addresses abroad. Items are sent from our fulfillment partner's (Pharmapacks) warehouse located in Islandia, New York on a daily basis (Monday-Friday).
STANDARD SHIPPING usually takes 5-8 business days to reach its final destination. Standard Shipping is a flat fee of $5.99, unless the order meets requirements for free shipping.
EXPEDITED SHIPPING is available at $9.99 per order. All Expedited orders are given priority processing & handling, and they are sent via USPS Priority Mail (unless otherwise prohibited by law, see: DOT Restrictions on Air Shipping). Actual Expedited Shipping charges are based on order weight, and location depending on proximity to our warehouse in Islandia, NY. Expedited shipping takes 3-5 business days (1-3 processing days included).
Do you have mailing lists?
Yes, we do have a mailing lists for you to join! To subscribe, visit Schiff Vitamins and scroll up to the left where it says "Log In/Sign Up." Create a new account and check the box to receive coupons & special offers. We will keep you up to date on all of our latest specials, along with other helpful information.
What is your privacy policy?
We respect your privacy, and act in accordance with relevant state and federal law. Click here to view our Privacy Policy.
How do I apply a Discount or Coupon Code?
You can apply a Coupon Code during the Order Confirmation stage of Checkout. Simply enter the Coupon Code and click Apply.
How do I place an order?
Thank you for visiting Schiff Vitamins! Placing an order is simple at Schiffvitamins.com. There are easy ways you can place your order.
Ordering Online: Shopping online at Schiffvitamins.com is the most convenient option while completely safe and private. Netscape's Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology is used to encrypt the information you submit when you place your order. The information is encrypted on your computer, transmitted over the Internet as encrypted code, and decoded on Schiffvitamins.com's secure server. It cannot be deciphered while in transit.
Shopping Cart Process: When you select a product you would like to purchase, click on the "Add to Cart" button. The "Add to Cart" button can be found on any product detail page. After adding the product to your cart, if you would like to continue shopping, select the "Continue Shopping" button. When you have selected all items for purchase, choose the "Check Out" button, to complete your purchase. If you have a coupon code or gift certificate, enter the code in the "Coupon Code" box located in the shopping cart and hit the "Apply" button to ensure that it is applied to your order. You will have the option to Login for an Express Checkout if you have already registered with the site. You are encouraged to register on the Site so that you can take advantage of Express Checkout for all future purchases. You may choose to make your purchase as a Guest if you would not like to register.
Payment: We have a number of convenient payment choices available:
- Credit Card
- Debit Card
- PayPal
- Apple Pay
- Amazon Pay
- Order By Phone: Call us at 888-532-4574. If you know the items you'd like to purchase, please have the item numbers handy, and we will be happy to assist you.
- Sales tax: Items that are shipped to New York state customers are subject to tax at the appropriate state and local rate.
What is your return policy?
For all other returns or for instructions on returning products purchased through the Schiffvitamins.com or you can contact us at 888-532-4574 .
- Orders must be returned within 30 days of the purchase date.
- There is a 15% restocking fees for voluntarily returned items that are opened, used, or no longer in sellable condition (unless order is in excess of $500.00, which is considered a special order, in which case there is a 50% restocking fee)
- We do not refund shipping charges if you refuse to accept packages sent. Please call Customer Care to arrange for the return of products ordered.
- Any package that is refused or undeliverable due to insufficient address is also subject a refund less shipping.
Who will fulfill my order?
All orders will be fulfilled by Pharmapacks, who is the Schiff Vitamins fulfillment partner.If you have a question about a new or existing order, please contact our team using the details found at the top of this page.Orders are usually processed within 1-3 business days and shipping times are 1-5 business days, in most cases (the total time to get your package may be 2-8 business days). Orders shipping to Hawaii, Alaska and APO/FPO locations can take up to 3 weeks. We normally ship using services offered by the United States Postal Service (USPS).
Will I be charged sales tax?
SchiffVitamins.com is required to charge sales tax on nonprescription orders shipped to addresses in the State of New York, the location of our fulfillment partner's headquarters. The taxes that appear at checkout are approximate applied to your order will match the current rate at the location of the headquarters. Therefore, the tax rate applied to your order may be different from your local rate.
How can I check my order status?
You will receive an email with tracking information that you can use to follow your order once your order is shipped.
Do you offer free shipping?
Yes. Items must be marked as "Free Shipping Eligible" in order for your order to qualify for free shipping. We offer Free Standard Shipping for orders over $30 or more after discount and pre-tax, cannot be more than 10 pounds and cannot include more than 4 aerosols.
Rewards FAQs
Program Information
What is Schiff Rewards?
Schiff Rewards is a loyalty rewards program to thank Schiff product  users for their loyalty with product discounts and information to help support a healthy body and lifestyle. Purchasing qualifying products allows members to earn points that can be redeemed for a collection of rewards.
Is there a fee to join Schiff Rewards?
No, membership in the program is free.
How can I edit my personal information online (change email address, phone number, mailing address, etc.)?
Just follow these steps:
1. Simply click "My Account" in the navigation bar. 2. Select "Edit Contact Settings". 3. Update your information.  4. Save your changes.
Why was my account placed on hold?
Something in your account activity did not comply with the Terms & Conditions of the Schiff Rewards program and triggered an automatic hold. To remove this hold, please contact Consumer Services by emailing Consumer.Relations@RB.com or calling us at 1-800-526-6251.
How do I request additional information about Schiff Rewards?
Contact Customer Service by emailing Consumer.Relations@RB.com or by phone at 1-800-526-6251.
Who can participate?
Anyone 18 years of age or older can participate. You can register at: https://schiffvitamins.com
How long will this program last?
This is an on-going program.
What should I do if I forget my password?
Type in the Email Address associated with your account and click the “Forgot password?” link on the Login page - your password will be emailed to you.
NOTE: your password is case sensitive and must be at least 6 characters.
How do I cancel my Schiff Rewards account?
We’re sorry to see you leave. If you do want to cancel your account, please contact Customer Services at 1-800-526-6251. Remember, you can rejoin at any time.
How can I change my password?
Just follow these steps:
1. Log in and select "My Account" in the navigation bar. 2. In the “General Information" section, click on the "Edit General Information" button. 3. Enter your Current Password and Create/Confirm a New Password (Password must be at least 6 characters). 4. Click "Save General Information" to save your changes.
Earning Points
How do I earn points?
Upon joining Schiff Rewards, points are earned by purchasing qualifying Move Free, Schiff Glucosamine, MegaRed, Airborne and Digestive Advantage products and entering the appropriate codes (see How it Works) on the Schiff Rewards website.
How do I enter my codes to receive my points?
After you have logged in to your account, enter the 10 character codes in the “Enter Rewards Code” box on the right side of the page.
Your points will be awarded immediately and can be viewed in your account.
Will Schiff Loyalty Reward codes work in the new Schiff Rewards program?
For the Schiff Rewards program, only 10-character reward codes made up of letters and numbers are eligible to earn points.
What products contain Loyalty Codes?
At this time, only qualifying Move Free, Schiff Glucosamine, MegaRed, Airborne and Digestive Advantage products are participating in the Schiff Rewards program. To see a full list of participating products, visit the “Points Values” page.
Why did the system tell me my Reward Code had already been used?
If the code has not been entered before by you, we apologize for the inconvenience. We value your business and want to credit your purchase. Please contact Consumer Services at 1-800-526-6251 for assistance. Please have the following information readily available:
1. The Reward Code you tried to enter 2. The Product Code from your product label 3. The Retailer where you made this purchase 4. The lot code on the product label (Consumer Services will help you locate this code)
Please note you may be asked to provide proof of purchase, so please retain the Schiff Rewards Code from the product or carton.
Why isn't my product eligible for the Schiff Rewards program?
At this time, only qualifying Move Free, Schiff® Glucosamine, MegaRed, Airborne and Digestive Advantage products are participating in the Schiff Rewards program.
How will I keep track of the points I have earned?
You can track all of your points and redemptions, and other account information, online on the My Account page. You will need your email address and password to access your information.
Do you get different points based on product?
Yes, point values are based on the value of the products you purchase. For more information, please visit the “Point Values” page on the Schiff Vitamins website.
Where will I find the Reward Codes?
The Reward Codes will be found in various places depending on the product. All of the codes will be 10 characters (letters and numbers). Please check the following places for the Reward Codes:
Look for the top cap sticker on Move Free, MegaRed, and Schiff items Look at the bottom of the bottle on Airborne and Digestive Advantage gummies Look at the inside carton flap on all other Airborne and Digestive Advantage products
NOTE: For a temporary period, you can find Reward Codes in the order confirmation email from orders placed on SV.com only. Enter these codes to earn points.
Is there a limit to the number of codes I can enter?
Yes, you are able to enter a maximum of 5 codes per day and 10 codes in a 30-day period.
What does a Reward Code look like?
The Reward Code is a 10-character code made up of letters and numbers. If you cannot find your reward code, contact Consumer Services by emailing Consumer.Relations@RB.com or calling us at 1-800-526-6251.
What do I do if my product doesn't have a Schiff Rewards code?
First, make sure you have an eligible product — at this time Schiff Rewards is only available on qualifying Move Free, Schiff® Glucosamine, MegaRed, Airborne and Digestive Advantage products. If you do have an eligible product and it does not have a Reward Code, you can still receive credit for your purchase by emailing the following information to us by emailing schiffcustomercare@rb.com (Note: all information must be provided to receive proper and timely credit for your purchase.) If you need further assistance, please contact Consumer Services at 1-800-526-6251.
Name Email Address (the one you used when you signed up for the Schiff Rewards program) Phone Number (in case we have any questions about your request) Product Code (located on the bottle label to the right of the Supplement Facts panel) Retailer where you made this purchase Lot Number (located on the bottle label to the right of the Supplement Facts panel after the word "LOT:") Copy of Sales Receipt (if you do not have your receipt, Schiff will review your request on a case by case basis) Please put "Schiff Rewards Points Request" as the subject line of your email Schiff will then review your submission, verify the lot number, and, if approved, credit your account for that purchase.
Why did the system tell me my Reward Code is invalid?
We are sorry for the inconvenience. We are constantly adding new products into the system; it’s possible you beat us to it. We value your business and want to credit your purchase. Please contact Consumer Services at 1-800 -526-6251 for assistance. Please have the following information readily available so we can easily credit your account accordingly:
1. The Reward Code from your purchase2. The Retailer where you made this purchase3. The lot code on the product label (Consumer Services will help you locate this code)
Are there any other ways to earn points?
Yes, periodically you’ll have the opportunity to earn bonus points for taking surveys, reading articles, referring friends and watching videos.
Do my points expire?
Your points will expire if there has been no activity (points earned or points redeemed) on your account for one year.
Can points be transferred?
No, points cannot be transferred from one account to another.
Program Rewards
What can I use my Schiff Rewards points for?
Visit the Schiff Rewards page to see all of the rewards that are available. You can redeem your points for Coupons, Partner Offers and Donations.
What kinds of coupons can I redeem
You have three options for select rewards.
Mailed to your home, print at home and redeem online.
1 Online: We will send you the reward via email for online purchases at SchiffVitamins.com and MoveFree.com. This reward is not available for print. If you do not receive your reward confirmation email within 24 hours of placing your order, contact Customer Service at Relations@RB.comor by phone at 1-800-526-6251.
2 Mailed to your home: We will mail the reward to your home. Please allow 4-6 weeks mail time. If you do not receive your reward within 6 weeks of placing your order, contact Customer Service at Relations@RB.com or by phone at 1-800-526-6251.
3. Available for print: We will send you the reward via email for you to print at home and use in-store. Installation of Coupons.com printing application is required. Coupon expires 30 days after printing. If you do not receive your reward confirmation email within 24 hours of placing your order, contact Customer Service at Relations@RB.com or by phone at 1-800-526-6251. Please see question #7 below for additional information on the Coupons.com rewards available for print.
Do I have to pay shipping and handling for the rewards I redeem?
No, Schiff Rewards does not charge for shipping and handling.
What if I have trouble printing my reward from Coupons.com?
You’ll be prompted to install Coupons.com printing application if you haven’t previously printed an online coupon from Schiff Rewards. This application is required and contains security features that allow your coupon to be used in a store. If you are at work or using a public computer, you may not have the administrative permissions required to download the application. Upon successful installation, you'll have only one opportunity to print the coupon before its limit is reached and it is no longer available to you. Coupons cannot be printed from a mobile device or tablet. Please note: with our secure printing platform, coupons will never display on the screen-they'll print directly to your printer. If you have trouble printing, please refer to: Coupons.com and email the Coupons.com support team by going to the ‘Resources’ tab and clicking on Contact Us.
How do I redeem my points for a reward?
Once you have reached enough points for a reward, just follow these easy steps:
1. Click the “Schiff Rewards” tab in the navigation menu. 2. Select the Reward Category you are interested in. 3. Determine which reward you would like to redeem and click on “View Details” for that item. 4. After reading the full reward details, click on the “Redeem” button.
What if the coupon I receive has expired?
Contact Customer Service by emailing Consumer.Relations@RB.com or by phone at 1-800-526-6251.
The reward that I’ve been saving my rewards points for is not showing in the Rewards Catalog anymore. Why?
While we try to stock our Rewards Catalog to meet the demand of our members, sometimes certain rewards are more popular than others and are only available while supplies last. However, we may restock popular rewards based on availability. So please check the Rewards Catalog often for new rewards.
Is there a limit on the number of rewards I can order?
Yes, for the Costco reward only, you can order a maximum of 1 per month.
Brain Gym FAQs
How do I sign up for Neuriva Brain Gym?
You may use your Schiff Rewards account to access the Brain Gym, alternatively you can follow the steps outlined below:
Signing up for Neuriva is quick and easy. To get started, download the app on your mobile phone or go to the Neuriva web page www.neuriva.cognifit.com.
Open the App or web page and tap the Sign-up option and accept terms & conditions and privacy policy.
Then you will be asked to create an account by entering your email, a password of your choice and to retype your password. The password must contain at least 6 characters and your email address must be valid, as you will be sent important information regarding your Neuriva account.
If you wish to receive information to your email address about news and special offers about Neuriva products from RB HEALTH (US) LLC tick the box below the retype password section.
Once you have added this information tap “Continue”.
The next step is to add your name to personalize your Brain Gym experience. Then enter your birth date since this will be used when calculating your brain assessment score.
Finally will be asked to enter your preferred gender and once this is done you have successfully signed up for Neuriva. Happy training!
How to start a training?
Click or tap on the training that best suits you. Another screen will appear with a full description of the training, the games it includes and the trained skills. Once you are ready, tap or click “Start” and enjoy!
How often should I train?
We recommend completing at least 3 training sessions per week and you should see improvements after only 3 months. This is a general recommendation, however, the more you train, the better. Just like going to the gym, the more you exercise, the stronger your brain becomes.
You can complete as many training sessions as you wish per day.
What training should I start with?
On average, it takes 15 minutes to complete a training session. The duration depends on your current level, exercises, how well you perform during the session, etc.
What and where is my latest score?
To check your latest score go to the Stats section on your Neuriva app or web page.
The first number on the far left is your latest cognitive score. This score is the aggregate measure of the current cognitive strength of different cognitive skills.
The minimum cognitive score is 0 and the maximum is 800. The cognitive score provides a quick way to discover where you currently stand cognitively and help you assess your progress over time. This number will increase or decrease when you train depending on your cognitive performance during the training sessions.
How to start a personal assessment?
Tap or click on “Start your personal assessment”.
You will see an explanation of the assessment including what cognitive skills are tested. Tap or click “Start Personal Assessment”.
Follow the written instructions to complete the 7 tasks included in this assessment.
How to log out?
If you wish to log out of your account, tap or click on the account icon named “Account” and then tap or click “Logout” located at the bottom.
When is the best time to train?
This really depends on you. We would recommend you to train when your level of energy is high and when you have the time to focus on the task at hand. Some people prefer to train in the morning while others train in the afternoon or at night.
What is the difference between training and playing?
Neuriva makes it easy and fun to train your brain. We have two main playing options- either "playing" or "training". So, what's the difference between the two?
The Training Programs allow you to train certain cognitive skills. The training programs are made up of carefully selected games that can help you improve cognition. They contain two brain games and one assessment task that makes it possible to track your progress and give you an accurate score.
The Brain Games, or "playing" option, are only for practice and will not adequately train your brain as one of our training sessions. Playing the games will not affect your cognitive score.
Training Programs
Training programs are displayed on your mobile home page. Clicking the Start Now button will start your chosen training program. This training will automatically start the two games and assessment task. This training will count towards your cognitive progress/evolution and will provide you with the brain games to help you get the most out of your training.
Brain Games
Choose the games option on the bottom menu of the app on your mobile phone.
Scroll through the games and find one that you like. Playing the games will help you practice, however, they don’t affect cognitive score or track your progress.
x