http://www.goodfeet.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Protection
Dr.’s Own, Inc. (“Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information collected at or in connection with a Company website. This Online Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to all websites that display or link to this Policy (including goodfeet.com and referred to in this Policy as the “Website”). This Policy describes the information we collect and how we use it. By visiting our Website, you consent and agree to our Policy, and our collection, use and sharing of your information and data, and other activities, as described below. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not provide us with any personal information and do not use the Website.
1. Information Collection
We collect and store personally identifiable information about you via our Website when you provide it through various forms and places on the Website or our Customer Service Department such as in connection with the registration of your products, appointment scheduling, or when you sign up to receive our newsletters and special offers. We may ask you for personal information, such as your contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number). Occasionally, we may also ask you for other demographic information, such as gender, personal preferences, and information about your prior experiences with the Company’s products. If we combine demographic information with the personal information we collect directly from you on our Website, we will treat the combined data as personal information under this Policy. When you submit your personally identifiable or demographic information on our Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as set forth in this Policy.
Through your use of the Website, we may also gather certain information about your use of our Website. Generally, this information is collected through “traffic data”, and certain other tracking technologies described in the Technology Utilized Section below. This information may involve which of our pages are most popular and remembering you and your preferences, your IP address, UDID or other unique identifier, device functionality (including browser, operator system, hardware, mobile network information), device location/characteristics, geolocation information, city, time zone, and referring URL. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics, developing marketing plans, customizing content, and improving the Website. This usage information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone or other device when you visit or interact with our Website. We may share or transfer such aggregate, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees, partners and other third parties. We may combine automatically collected Website usage information with your personal information. In those cases, we will apply this Policy to the combined information.
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. We will delete any personal information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personal information to us, please contact Customer Service using the contact information below.
2. Use/Disclosure of Personal Information
The Company and its affiliates and subsidiaries may use your information as follows:
to provide information concerning products you have purchased;
to improve overall experience at the Website;
to provide you with information such as to send you electronic newsletters or to provide you with special offers or promotional and marketing materials on behalf of us or third parties, including to let you know about new products, services or upcoming events;
to improve the Website, marketing endeavors or our Website offerings;
to customize your experience on the Website or to serve you specific content or ads that are relevant to you;
to provide customer support;
to contact you with regard to your use of the Website and, in our discretion, changes to the Website and/or Website’s policies;
to identify your product and Website preferences so that you can be informed of new or additional products, services and promotions;
to enable you to participate in a variety of the Website’s features such as to enable you to participate in online entry sweepstakes, contests or other promotions;
for internal business purposes; and
for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If for any reason you would no longer like to receive email marketing messages from the Company, you may follow the instructions contained within our promotional emails or update your preferences here. Please allow up to ten (10) days for us to process your request. If your opt-out is limited to certain types or categories of emails the opt-out will be so limited. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact Customer Service.
The Company may share non-personal information, such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties. The Company may also share and sell your information, such as your name, email address, mailing address and/or telephone number to business partners, vendors and other third-party organizations to provide you with information about products, services and special offers we think may interest you or to improve our products, services and advertising. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request additional information about this sharing, so please see Section 12 below. In addition, we may share the information we have collected about you, including personal information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described below or otherwise in this Privacy Policy.
We may contract with companies or individuals to provide certain services including email and hosting services, data management, surveys and marketing, promotional services, to assist in preventing or deterring fraud, etc. We call them our “Service Providers”. We may share personally identifiable information with Service Providers solely as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose.
The Company may, in its sole discretion, disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of the Company or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (3) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of a Website or applicable database or in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including, during the course of any due diligence process; and (4) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person.
3. Information Security
Personal information collected at our Website is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. Only those employees and service providers who need access to personal information in order to do their jobs are allowed access, each having confidentiality obligations. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information. Please note, however, that although we employ industry-standard security measures to safeguard the security of your personal information, no transmissions made on or through the Internet are guaranteed to be secure. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use our Website and provide us with your information at your own risk.
4. Access and Choice
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove, or deactivate it by making the change by emailing our Customer Support at goodfeet.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
5. Technology Utilized / Tracking Technologies
We and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, browser fingerprinting, recognition technologies and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the Website, tracking users’ movements around the Website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
There may be other tracking technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Website. Further, third parties may use tracking technologies in connection with our Website, which may include the collection and storing of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Website. To learn more about how to opt out of Google’s use of first-party cookies, click here. We may also use the following third-party data processors: Active Campaign, Opt-In Monster and or Call Rail. To learn more about opting out, visit the corresponding data processor’s privacy link.
When you opt out, opt-out cookies will be placed on your browser. If you delete your cookies, change browsers, or change devices, you will need to repeat this opt-out process. Also, please note that this opt-out process will work only if your browser is set to accept all cookies. We may not control those tracking technologies and we are not responsible for them. However, you consent to potentially encountering third-party tracking technologies in connection with use of our Website and accept that our statements under this Privacy Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties.
We use Local Browser storage to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use local storage to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing this data. If you want to delete this data manually, you can do so with your browser tools or use our site(s) in a private mode which will remove this local storage immediately after use.
6. Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers are developing or offering signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., a “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal). A DNT signal is a HTTP header field indicating your preference regarding tracking or cross-site user tracking. We do not monitor or take any action with respect to DNT signals.
7. Ads and Information About You
We may work with third parties, such as network advertisers and ad exchanges that use tracking technologies on our Website in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and/or on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet and we may use third-party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us and/or third parties with information about the use of these ads on third-party sites and viewing of ads and of our content. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements, which may be based on your activities (including past visits to our Website) across the Internet and mobile media (“Behavioral Ads”). Behavioral Ads enable us to target advertisements to you for products and services in which we believe you might be interested. If you object to receiving Behavioral Ads from us on third-party sites, you can learn more about your ability to limit Behavioral Ads below. Our third-party ad network and exchange providers, the advertisers and/or traffic measurement services may themselves set and access their own technologies on your device and track certain behavioral usage information via a device identifier. These third-party technologies may be set to, among other things: (a) help deliver advertisements to you that you might be interested in; (b) prevent you from seeing the same advertisements; and (c) understand the usefulness of the advertisements that have been delivered to you.
Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third parties or the use of the information that such third parties collect. We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice. We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third-party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties.
Further, while sites use a variety of companies to serve advertisements, you may wish to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp, which provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members. Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver Behavioral Ads to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, your NAI opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. You may also opt-out of receiving Behavioral Ads on participating sites and services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) website at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (or if located in the European Union click here). Similar limitations may apply to the DAA opt-out. We are not responsible for effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options or programs.
8. External Links
Our Website may offer links to and from other third-party sites. Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. For example, you may have linked to the Company’s brand site through a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases the site you have linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.
9. Social Media Widgets
Our Website include social media features (“Features”), such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the Share This button or interactive applications or mini-programs that run on our Website. These Features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. The use of this functionality may involve the third-party operator providing certain information, including Personal Information, to us. If you click on social media icons on the Website (such as for Facebook, Twitter or Instagram), those actions may be associated with, and we may have access to, your Personal Information you provided on those third-party sites or applications. If so, we will then treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy, since we are collecting it as a result of your accessing of and interaction on our Website. Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. You should review the applicable third-party privacy policies before using such third-party tools on our Website.
10. Blogs/Forums
Our Website may, from time to time, offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums where you can submit ideas, photographs, writings, music, video, audio recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, information about your location, questions, comments, suggestions or other content, including personal information. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Please note that Company does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@goodfeet.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the Website or what others do with information you share with them on the Website. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any user content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the Website.
11. International Users
Our Website is operated in the United States and intended for users located in the United States. Like almost every website, our Website can be accessed by an international audience. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and in jurisdictions which may have less stringent privacy practices than your own. By using the Website or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including personal information, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
12. Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Company who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding twelve (12) calendar months. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to:
Dr.’s Own, Inc.
5923 Farnworth Ct.
Carlsbad, CA 92008
13. Notification of Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Website prior to the change becoming effective. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and with regard to information we collect from you in the future. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of our Website.
14. Contact Information
If you have any questions about the Privacy Policy or practices described in it, you should contact us in the following ways:
Dr.’s Own, Inc.
5923 Farnworth Ct.
Carlsbad, CA 92008
Email: goodfeet.com
View our digital brochure and learn all about how the Good Feet Store can help you.
Sign Up Now
View our digital brochure and learn all about how the Good Feet Store can help you.
Sign Up Now
Discover How The Good Feet Store Can Help You.
Sign up for free pain relief tips and articles.
Sign up for free pain relief tips and articles.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Zip Code
*required
Have you visited a Good Feet Store in the past?*
Yes
Yes
No
No
Have you ever purchased Good Feet arch supports?*
Yes
Yes
No
No
captcha response
Submit
We will miss you!
Thanks for being a Good Feet Store supporter, we hope you’ve benefitted from our products and are living the life you love. You will be immediately unsubscribed from our newsletters and special announcements when you submit below. If you really didn’t mean it, click here
Email:
Reason:
Select reason
Select
I never signed up
Content not of interest to me
I get too many emails
I signed up by mistake
Other
recaptcha response
Submit
By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use
Got it!
Foot, Knee, hip
or back pain?
We can help
Get free tips and insights.
Sign Me Up