http://www.buckscountychoppers.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Categories
Apparel (1)
Bikes (2)
Chain Guards (9)
Chains (8)
Forks (14)
Frames (6)
Grips (20)
Handlebars (12)
Misc (14)
Pedals (11)
Safety Eyewear
Seats (22)
Sissy Bars (9)
Sprockets (10)
Tires (10)
Valve Caps (12)
Water Bottles (7)
Wheels (16)
New Products ...
All Products ...
New Products  [more]
VALVE CAPS SKULL CHROME$4.99
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Bucks County Choppers is committed to respecting the privacy rights of online visitors to our Site. Bucks County Choppers also recognizes the importance of protecting information collected about you. While visiting the Bucks County Choppers site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you, including but not limited to any name, address, telephone number, email address, birth date, credit card or payment information, or other information that could be used to contact you or any other identifying information that you may disclose to Bucks County Choppers for purposes of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order our products, or download material ("Personal Information"). If you choose to provide Bucks County Choppers with your Personal Information, it will permit us to make your use of our site and services more enjoyable. Bucks County Choppers uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services, or information on the site. There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some Bucks County Choppers pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Bucks County Choppers may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes. Unless otherwise required by law, Bucks County Choppers does not disclose any Personal Information to third parties. However, Bucks County Choppers reserves the right to make exceptions, such as when we believe that an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities. Security Policy : Shopping on Bucks County Choppers.com is safe because we use highly advanced technology to ensure that your information remains secure. We protect your online order and personal information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. All the data that travels between your computer and our servers is SSL encrypted. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and firewalls do not permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you will be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection.
Bestsellers
36" HIGH BACK SISSY BAR CHROME
Medium
BANANA SEAT SPARKLE COLORS
24" SHORT BACK SISSY BAR CHROME
OLD SCHOOL GRIPS SPARKLE
Medium BANANA SEAT VINYL COLORS
U HANDLE BAR CHROME (Sizes...
24" DYNO STYLE HANDLE BAR CHROME
TIRE 20" X 1.75" BLACK/WHITE 120A
SMALL
BANANA SEAT VINYL BLACK
CHAIN GUARD W/LINE ADJUSTABLE...
Home
Your IP Address is:
72.182.10.230
Copyright © 2020 Bucks County Choppers Chop Shop. Powered by Janartwebdesign, Ltd