https://www.johnstonopals.com.au/terms-condition/
FREE SHIPPINGFree local shipping over $100. MONEY BACK GUARANTEEEasy money back guarantee.
Home
Read It Carefully For Any Questions
Terms and conditions
Categories Pendants Earrings Amber Jewellery Rings Stones Opal Face Watches Brooches Bracelets Cufflinks South Sea Pearl Diamond Najo sschains
Ordering Information and Payment options - Our online ordering is fast safe and secure, all you need to do is click on the item you would like to buy if you would like more details click on details for more information click on the image if you would like to see it bigger. When you decide to buy the item click on the 'add to cart' button, nominate how many items you would like and click 'check out', then fill in your name and address and follow the process to lodge your method of payment we offer payment via two methods either by Direct bank deposit, you can deposit funds directly into our Australian bank account or, Paypal which offer credit card, Visa, Mastercard, facilities as well as payment by Paypal. Paypal will convert the Australian dollar transaction into your nominated currency at the prevailing exchange rate for the day.
Returns policy – We offer a 7 day money back guarantee on purchases made on this website. The only conditions we impose is that you inform us of the return and the goods have to be returned in their original condition in an undamaged state. We will exchange all money except for the cost of the postage , all transactions are made in Australian dollars and we will not be responsible for currency differentials due to refunds.
Delivery Information -We send all our Australian purchases by insured registered post which may take 3-5 working days. All overseas parcels are sent by international post and are insured for loss and damage they generally take about 7-10 working days once sent. The exception is the lead up to Christmas where it can take longer.  International Express Courier (EMS) is available ay an additional charge .
The countries we deliver to are as follows Australia, New Zealand, USA, Canada, and UK, if your country is not on the list email us at opals@johnstonopal.com.au to find out if we can send to you.
Privacy -we are committed to your privacy and security. We will only collect personal information if you make a purchase and only what you knowingly provide and we will keep it confidential and not sell it or give it to anyone else.
Taxes – All prices quoted on this site include an Australian Goods and Services Tax (GST) of 10% this is deducted for all purchases which are sent outside of Australia we cannot advise you of any taxes you will be liable for when the goods arrive in your country. Please check your country’s tax rules if in doubt.
Copyright Johnston Jewellers retains all ownership to images and information on this site any reproduction requires the permission of Johnston Jewellers.
Currency & conversion all transactions are done in Australian dollars you can check on our currency converter link to get an idea as to what the value might be in your nominated currency.
Chains all the chains pictured with pendants are either gold plated or silver plated.