https://www.dancebooks.co.uk/terms-conditions-z-3.html?chapter=0&sesid=rgbmrdupfkjtjei0rkf24depp4
Dance Books
Books, DVDs, & Sheet Music on all forms of Dance
Basket:
0 Items - £0.00(View)
Home
Recent Publications
Special Offers
About Us
Contact
Search
Keyword Search: Author Search:  Advanced Search
Account
Log In
Categories
Books->
CD-ROM
CDs->
DVDs & Videos->
Music Scores->
Out of Print
Gift Tokens
test
Specials ...
Recent Publications ...
Other Information
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Notice
Newsletter
Enter your email address to subscribe to our Newsletter.
Home »
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to place an order you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Dance Books' relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term Dance Books refers to the owner of the website. The term you refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
1.       The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
2.       Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
3·       Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
4·       This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
5.       You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Dance Books' prior written consent.
6.       Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
7.       Orders will be despatched within 2 working days of receipt.
8.       Books may be returned if unsuitable, for replacement or refund, within 7 days of receipt.
9.       DVDs and CDs may be similarly returned, provided that they have not been unsealed. We regret we cannot exchange these items if they have been unsealed, unless they are genuinely defective, in which case they will be replaced.
10.     Claims for non-receipt of items must be made within 28 days of the despatch date.
11.     The information you provide to us about yourself is private and secure: we do not store your credit card or payment details, and will not pass any information about you to third parties.
~
Home
Log In
Copyright © 2020 Dance Books. E-Commerce Website By Pace
Privacy Notice
Site Map