https://www.cleavageonline.com/terms-of-service.html
Home
Products
Male Enhancement
How It Works
FAQ'S
Testimonials
Mail Order
Contact
Welcome To The CleavageOnline Terms Of Service (TOS)
Welcome To The CleavageOnline Terms Of Service (TOS), also known as "terms of use" and "terms and conditions". These terms of service outline the rules and regulations for the use of the CleavageOnline.Com website. Documentation addressed for CleavageOnline should be mailed to our mailing address at:
1980 Edgemere Dr
Rochester, NY 14612
USA
By accessing this website, we assume you accept these terms of service in full. Do not continue to use this website, CleavageOnline.Com, if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page. The following terminology applies to these Terms of Service, the Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice, The Money-Back Guarantee and any or all Agreements:
“Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law of USA. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same. License unless otherwise stated, CleavageOnline and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for all material on CleavageOnline. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print pages from https://www.cleavageonline.com/ for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions. You must not:
Republish material from https://www.cleavageonline.com/
Sell, rent or sub-license material from https://www.cleavageonline.com/
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from https://www.cleavageonline.com/
Redistribute content from CleavageOnline (unless content is specifically made for redistribution)
User Comments
This Agreement shall begin on the date hereof. Certain parts of this website offer the opportunity for users to post and exchange opinions, information, material and data ('Comments') in areas of the website. CleavageOnline does not screen, edit, publish or review Comments prior to their appearance on the website and Comments do not reflect the views or opinions of CleavageOnline, its agents or affiliates. Comments reflect the view and opinion of the person who posts such view or opinion. To the extent permitted by applicable laws CleavageOnline shall not be responsible or liable for the Comments or for any loss cost, liability, damages or expenses caused and or suffered as a result of any use of and/or posting of and/or appearance of the Comments on this website. CleavageOnline reserves the right to monitor all Comments and to remove any Comments which it considers in its absolute discretion to be inappropriate, offensive or otherwise in breach of these Terms and Conditions. You warrant and represent that:
You are entitled to post the Comments on our website and have all necessary licenses and consents to do so; The Comments do not infringe any intellectual property right, including without limitation copyright, patent or trademark, or other proprietary right of any third party; The Comments do not contain any defamatory, libelous, offensive, indecent or otherwise unlawful material or material which is an invasion of privacy. The Comments will not be used to solicit or promote business or custom or present commercial activities or unlawful activity.
You hereby grant to CleavageOnline a non-exclusive royalty-free license to use, reproduce, edit and authorize others to use, reproduce and edit any of your Comments in any and all forms, formats or media.
Content Liability
We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your Web site. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of or based upon your Website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your Web site or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Disclaimer
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions relating to our website and the use of this website (including, without limitation, any warranties implied by law in respect of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and/or the use of reasonable care and skill). Nothing in this disclaimer will:
limit or exclude our or your liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence; limit or exclude our or your liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; limit any of our or your liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or exclude any of our or your liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.
The limitations and exclusions of liability set out in this Section and elsewhere in this disclaimer:
(a)	are subject to the preceding paragraph;
and (b) govern all liabilities arising under the disclaimer or in relation to the subject matter of this disclaimer, including liabilities arising in contract, in tort (including negligence) and for breach of statutory duty.
To the extent that the website and the information and services on the website are provided free of charge, we will not be liable for any loss or damage of any nature.
Credit & Contact Information
If you have any queries regarding any of our terms, please contact us.
Join our newsletter for updates, discounts, promotions and more!
SUBMIT
We respect your privacy. We do not rent or sell your personal information to anyone EVER!
NATURAL BREAST ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
Breast Implant Dangers
How Cleavage Works
BREAST ENHANCEMENT REVIEWS
Ingredients
Suggested Dosage
Breast Enhancement Pricing
NATURAL MALE ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
See All Products
How Male Enhancement Works
NATURAL LIP ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
Lip Enhancement Ingredients
NATURAL BUTT ENHANCEMENT
FAQ'S
Order Online
Ingredients
How Butt Enhancement Works
CUSTOMER SUPPORT AND MISC
Contact Us
Testimonials
Your Privacy
Terms Of Service
Affiliate Program
Discreet Shipping
Home Page
Follow & Like Us
Twitter
FaceBook
©CleavageOnline.Com, All Rights Reserved
Our entire product line is manufactured and labeled in accordance with strict FDA guidelines and procedures.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food & Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. RESULTS MAY VARY.