http://www.dfuser.com/pages/privacy-notice
FREE Shipping on most orders over $50! Some exclusions apply.
Dfuser, Your One Stop Auto Shop
512-635-8824
sales@dfuser.com
My Account
Welcome to dfuser!
Login
Create Account
0
Shop Our Store
Shop by Product
Engine & Performance
Air Intakes & Components
Charging & Starting
Engine Parts
Exhausts & Components
Fluids & Filters
Fuel
Gauges & Accessories
Heating, Cooling, & Insulation
Nitrous & Methanol
Programmers & Electronics
Tools/Shop & Books
Turbos & Accessories
Universal
Drivetrain & Chassis
Add-a-Leaf & Block Kits
Differential Parts
Helper Springs & Load Control
Leveling Kits
Lift Kits
Rotors & Brakes
Shock Absorbers
Steering & Front-End
Sway Bars
Traction Bars
Transmission Options
Interior & Exterior
Bug Shield & Window Deflectors
Bumpers, Grilles, & Winches
Detailing & Care
Exterior Accessories
Fender Flares
Horn Kits & Accessories
Interior Accessories
Lighting
On-Board Air Systems
Running Boards
Storage
Styling Accessories
Tool Boxes
Truck Bed Accessories
Motorsports
Driver
Racecar
Shop by Vehicle
On-Road (A-L)
Audi
Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet/GMC
Chrysler
Dodge/RAM
Ford
Hummer
Infiniti
Isuzu
Jeep
Lincoln
On-Road (M-Z)
Mazda
Nissan
Pontiac
Toyota
Volkswagen
Off-Road
Arctic Cat
Can-Am®
Polaris
Textron
Yamaha
Heavy Duty
Class 8
Motorhome
Shop by Brand
A-F
AirDog
ARP
Auto Meter
Banks Power
BD Diesel
Bully Dog
Clevite
Cummins
Daystar
Dfuser
Edge Products
FASS Fuel Systems
Fleece Performance Engineering
Fluidampr
G-L
Gorilla Diesel Performance (GDP)
International
M-R
MBRP Inc.
No Limit Fabrication
S-Z
S&B Filters
S&B Tanks
SCT Flash
South Bend Clutch
SPE Motorsport
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to dfuser!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Here at Dfuser.com, LLC we understand the importance of maintaining our customers privacy online. We understand that in this time of spam e-mail and credit card fraud our customers want to know and have the right to know how personal information is handled.
What information is needed from our customers?When placing an order on our website certain information is needed to process the order. Your name and billing address associated with the credit card you are using, your credit card information, e-mail address and shipping address.
We may sometimes need more than one address from you.In most cases we only need one address. But if your product is shipping to a different location than your billing address, we will need both addresses. In order to eliminate credit card fraud we can only process your credit card if your billing information matches the credit card you provide. While we will ship to any location within the continental US, your shipping information does not need to match the billing information.
What happens to your information after we collect it?The information you provide us is used only to complete your order. When your credit card is processed, the billing address you provide is then matched to protect against fraud. Only your shipping address and product information goes to our shipping department and possibly a remote warehouse. Please be assured that your personal information is never shared with any third party. It is encrypted on our website for your review and updating at any time by logging into your account.
Is my credit card information safe?Yes. Dfuser.com, LLC uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology to encrypt your information. When you click on the "create account" or "checkout" button you will notice the browser change from http:// to https://. This indicates a secure website. You may also see a lock in the bottom right of your browser. Depending on your browser you may also have a box appear stating you are about to view information over a secure connection. Once your credit card information is entered and submitted with your order, the credit card information is destroyed. This is why we ask for your credit card information again if you place several orders with us, we don't store it.
When is my credit card charged?Dfuser.com, LLC charges your credit card when you submit your order online. If there is a delay in shipping your order, you will be notified by phone or email within 2 business days.
Will my e-mail address be given out to anyone else?Dfuser.com, LLC does not sell, or give out any personal information including your e-mail address to any third-parties. The information you provide to us, stays with us. dfuser.com, LLC may compose and send out newsletters on occasion and therefore we will use your e-mail address to keep you informed on new products and specials. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter there is a location registration that allows you to choose your preference for that.
When using Dfuser.com, LLC, you are subject to the terms above. We will keep your information confidential and secure. Please e-mail us with any questions or comments about this policy.
FREE GROUND SHIPPING ON MOST ORDERS OVER $50*
Knowledgeable staff ready to assist.
Nationwide Warehouses
Best Price Guarantee
Policies
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Search
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Contact Us
OPEN Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm CST
PHONE: 512-635-8824
FAX: 512-650-3663
Here to Help
Can't find what you're looking for? We have a team of experienced diesel enthusiasts who can help to answer any questions you may have. Contact us now!
Copyright ©2020 Designed by Virtual Media Marketing. All Rights Reserved.
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
JCB
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa