http://www.drbakstmagnetics.com/terms-of-service
Home
Terms of Service
Terms of Service
The Magnatech Labs, Inc. website proviso. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following disclaimer, terms of use, privacy policy and copyright notice governing the Magnatech Labs, Inc. relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term "Website" or "Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website" refers to all the content available through drbakst.com or drbakstmagnetics.com (and/or any other "drbakst" TLD) domain names. The term "Magnatech Labs, Inc." or "we" or "us" or "our" refers to the entity named Magnatech Labs, Inc.. The term "you" or "your" refers to any person or persons, any agent or agencies, accessing and/or in use of or a user of or viewer of this website.
DISCLAIMER
The information contained in this Website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Magnatech Labs, Inc. and while Magnatech Labs, Inc. endeavors to keep the information up-to-date and correct, Magnatech Labs, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will Magnatech Labs, Inc. be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this Website.
Through this Website you are able to link to other websites which are not under Magnatech Labs, Inc. control. Magnatech Labs, Inc. has no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Magnatech Labs, Inc. takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the Website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond the Magnatech Labs, Inc. control.
TERMS OF USE
1. Your Acceptance
BY USING AND/OR VISITING THIS WEBSITE (collectively, including all Content available through the drbakst.com or drbakstmagnetics.com [and/or any other "drbakst" TLD], the "Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website", or "Website"), YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT TO BOTH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (the "Terms of Use ") AND THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. PRIVACY NOTICE, WHICH ARE PUBLISHED AT http://www.drbakstmagnetics.com, AND WHICH ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. If you do not agree to any of these terms, then please do not use the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website.
2. Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website
These Terms of Use apply to all users of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website, including users who are also contributors of content, information, and other materials or services on the Website. The Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Magnatech Labs, Inc.. Magnatech Labs, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, Magnatech Labs, Inc. will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website, you expressly relieve Magnatech Labs, Inc. from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website. Accordingly, We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
3. Website Access
A. Magnatech Labs, Inc. hereby grants you permission to use the Website as set forth in this Terms of Use, provided that: (i) your use of the Website as permitted is solely for your personal, noncommercial use; (ii) you will not copy or distribute any part of the Website in any medium without prior written authorization; (iii) you will not alter or modify any part of the Website other than as may be reasonably necessary to use the Website for its intended purpose; and (iv) you will otherwise comply with the terms and conditions of these Terms of Use.
B. In order to access some features of the Website, you will have to create an account. You may never use another's account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Magnatech Labs, Inc. immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although Magnatech Labs, Inc. will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Magnatech Labs, Inc. or others due to such unauthorized use.
C. You agree not to use or launch any automated system, including without limitation, "robots," "spiders," "offline readers," etc., that accesses the Website in a manner that sends more request messages to the Magnatech Labs, Inc. servers in a given period of time than a human can reasonably produce in the same period by using a convention on-line web browser. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Magnatech Labs, Inc. grants the operators of public search engines permission to use spiders to copy materials from the site for the sole purpose of creating publicly available searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such materials. Magnatech Labs, Inc. reserves the right to revoke these exceptions either generally or in specific cases. You agree not to collect or harvest any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Website, nor to use the communication systems provided by the Website for any commercial solicitation purposes. You agree not to solicit, for commercial purposes, any users of the Website with respect to their User Data.
4. Intellectual Property Rights
The content on the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website, except all User Data (as defined below), including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like ("Content") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by or licensed to Magnatech Labs, Inc., subject to copyright and other intellectual property rights under United States and foreign laws and international conventions. Content on the Website is provided to you AS IS for your information and personal use only and may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed, or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. Magnatech Labs, Inc. reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website and the Content. You agree to not engage in the use, copying, or distribution of any of the Content other than expressly permitted herein, including any use, copying, or distribution of User Data of third parties obtained through the Website for any commercial purposes. If you download or print a copy of the Content for personal use, you must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained therein. You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security related features of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Content or enforce limitations on use of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website or the Content therein.
5. User Data
A. The Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website may now or in the future permit the submission of any media content, including but not limited to text, audio, video or other communications submitted by you and other users ("User Data ") and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Data. You understand that whether or not such User Data are published, Magnatech Labs, Inc. does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any submissions.
B. You shall be solely responsible for your own User Data and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Data, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: (i) you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Magnatech Labs, Inc. to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Data to enable inclusion and use of the User Data in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use; and (ii) you have the written consent, release, and/or permission of each and every identifiable individual person in the User Submission to use the name or likeness of each and every such identifiable individual person to enable inclusion and use of the User Data in the manner contemplated by the Website and these Terms of Use. For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Data. However, by submitting the User Data to Magnatech Labs, Inc., you hereby grant Magnatech Labs, Inc. a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, sublicenseable and transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display, and perform the User Data in connection with the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website and the Magnatech Labs, Inc. (and any successor's) business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website (and derivative works thereof) in any media formats and through any media channels. You also hereby grant each user of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website a non-exclusive license to access your User Data through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Data as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under these Terms of Use. The foregoing license granted by you terminates once you remove or delete User Data from the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website.
C. In connection with User Data, you further agree that you will not: (i) submit material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner to post the material and to grant Magnatech Labs, Inc. all of the license rights granted herein; (ii) publish falsehoods or misrepresentations that could damage Magnatech Labs, Inc. or any third party; (iii) submit material that is unlawful, obscene, defamatory, libelous, threatening, pornographic, harassing, hateful, racially or ethnically offensive, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate; (iv) post advertisements or solicitations of business: (v) impersonate another person. Magnatech Labs, Inc. does not endorse any User Data or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and Magnatech Labs, Inc. expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Data. Magnatech Labs, Inc. does not permit copyright infringing activities and infringement of intellectual property rights on the Website, and Magnatech Labs, Inc. will remove all Content and User Data if properly notified that such Content or User Data infringes on another's intellectual property rights. Magnatech Labs, Inc. reserves the right to remove Content and User Data without prior notice. Magnatech Labs, Inc. will also terminate a User's access to the Website, if they are determined to be a repeat infringer. A repeat infringer is a User who has been notified of infringing activity more than twice and/or has had a User Data removed from the Website more than twice. Magnatech Labs, Inc. also reserves the right to decide whether Content or User Data is appropriate and complies with these Terms of Use for violations other than copyright infringement and violations of intellectual property law, such as, but not limited to, pornography, obscene or defamatory material, or excessive length. Magnatech Labs, Inc. may remove such User Data and/or terminate a User's access for uploading such material in violation of these Terms of Use at any time, without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
D. In particular, if you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any User Data or other content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by providing Magnatech Labs, Inc. with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
(i) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
(ii) Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
(iii) Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
(iv) Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail;
(v) A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
(vi) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section 5(D), your DMCA notice may not be valid.
E. You understand that when using the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website, you will be exposed to User Data from a variety of sources, and that Magnatech Labs, Inc. is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, safety, or intellectual property rights of or relating to such User Data. You further understand and acknowledge that you may be exposed to User Data that are inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable, and you agree to waive, and hereby do waive, any legal or equitable rights or remedies you have or may have against Magnatech Labs, Inc. with respect thereto, and agree to indemnify and hold Magnatech Labs, Inc., any Owners/Operators, affiliates, and/or licensors, harmless to the fullest extent allowed by law regarding all matters related to your use of the Website.
F. Magnatech Labs, Inc. permits you to link to materials on the Website for personal, non-commercial purposes only, provided that you include a prominent link back to the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website Magnatech Labs, Inc. reserves the right to discontinue any aspect of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website at any time.
6. Warranty Disclaimer
YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE SHALL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, Magnatech Labs, Inc., ANY OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE AND YOUR USE THEREOF. THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE'S CONTENT OR THE CONTENT OF ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE AND ASSUMES NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONSIN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE. Magnatech Labs, Inc. DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEBSITE OR FEATURED IN ANY BANNER OR OTHER ADVERTISING, AND Magnatech Labs, Inc. WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR MONITORING ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. AS WITH THE PURCHASE OF A PRODUCT OR SERVICE THROUGH ANY MEDIUM OR IN ANY ENVIRONMENT, YOU SHOULD USE YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND EXERCISE CAUTION WHERE APPROPRIATE.
7. Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL Magnatech Labs, Inc., ANY OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF CONTENT, (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE, (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION AND/OR FINANCIAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE, (IV) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY, AND/OR (V) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY CONTENT OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE OF ANY KIND INCURRED AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF ANY CONTENT POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW IN THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION.
YOU SPECIFICALLY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT Magnatech Labs, Inc. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR USER SUBMISSIONS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY AND THAT THE RISK OF HARM OR DAMAGE FROM THE FOREGOING RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU.
The Website is controlled and offered by Magnatech Labs, Inc. from its facilities in the United States of America. Magnatech Labs, Inc. makes no representations that the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those who access or use the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website from other jurisdictions do so at their own volition and are responsible for compliance with local law.
8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Magnatech Labs, Inc., any parent corporation, officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees) arising from: (i) your use of and access to the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website; (ii) your violation of any term of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third party right, including without limitation any copyright, property, or privacy right; or (iv) any claim that one of your User Data caused damage to a third party. This defense and indemnification obligation will survive these Terms of Use and your use of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website.
9. Ability to Accept Terms of Service
You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age, or an emancipated minor, or possess legal parental or guardian consent, and are fully able and competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms of Use, and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use. In any case, you affirm that you are over the age of 13, as the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website is not intended for children under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website—there are lots of other great web sites for you. Talk to your parents about what sites are appropriate for you.
10. Assignment
These Terms of Use, and any rights and licenses granted hereunder, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned by Magnatech Labs, Inc. without restriction.
11. General
You agree that: (i) the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website shall be deemed solely based in California; and (ii) the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website shall be deemed a passive website that does not give rise to personal jurisdiction over Magnatech Labs, Inc., either specific or general, in jurisdictions other than California. These Terms of Use shall be governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of California, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any claim or dispute between you and Magnatech Labs, Inc. that arises in whole or in part from the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Orange County, California. These Terms of Use, together with the Privacy Policy at http://www.drbakstmagnetics.com and any other legal notices published by Magnatech Labs, Inc. on the Website, shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Magnatech Labs, Inc. concerning the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and the Magnatech Labs, Inc. failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Magnatech Labs, Inc. reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use for any changes. Your use of the Magnatech Labs, Inc. Website following any amendment of these Terms of Use will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. YOU AND Magnatech Labs, Inc. AGREE THAT ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE Magnatech Labs, Inc. WEBSITE MUST COMMENCE WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES. OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.
PRIVACY POLICY
"You" and/or "your" are defined as any person or persons, any agent or agencies, accessing and/or in use of this website.
This privacy policy defines how we, "Magnatech Labs, Inc." use and protect any information that you give us, "Magnatech Labs, Inc." when you use our, "Magnatech Labs, Inc." website. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you comply with any changes. This policy is effective from 2007y4m19d.
We recognize that privacy is important. This Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by us or our subsidiaries or affiliated companies (collectively, the Magnatech Labs, Inc. "services"). In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post separate privacy notices to describe how particular services process personal information, which are accessible from the navigation bar on the top and bottom of this webpage.
We adhere to the US safe harbor privacy principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement, and we are registered with the U.S. Department of Commerce's safe harbor program.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us through this website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with me.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer, however some features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Collected Information
When you use our website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to me. In cases where an account registration is required, to provide our full range of service, we may collect the following types of information: name, physical address, email address, phone, fax, and more.
When you register for a particular service that requires registration, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case we may not be able to provide those services to you.
we may use the information to improve our products and services. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
When you use our services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing in archive), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users' personal information.
When you send email or other communication to us, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.
If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.
We only share personal information with other companies or individuals in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent.
We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of me, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
If we am involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
We process personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country. we may process personal information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.
Data Security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
We processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on you to update or correct your personal information whenever necessary.
Links
We may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our site.
This Privacy Policy applies this website. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We arenot responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting other sites and any other sites not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to any other websites.
We offer some of our services in connection with other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to us in order to deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or our treatment of personal information by contacting us through this web site. When we receive formal written complaints, it is our policy to reply to your concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between you and us.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us through this website.
COPYRIGHT
This website and its content is copyright of Magnatech Labs, Inc. © 2003-2018. All rights reserved.
The name "Magnatech Labs, Inc." and "Dr. Bakst" is copyright of Magnatech Labs, Inc..
The "Dr. Bakst " [LOGO] ®™ is a registered trademark of Magnatech Labs, Inc..
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is strictly prohibited.
You may print or download to a local hard disk, extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only. You may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material. You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Contact Magnatech Labs, Inc.
Additional information
Featured Products
Magnetic Bracelet
Price: $59.95Sale Price: $29.95You save: $30.00
Magnetic Insoles
Price: $29.95Sale Price: $14.95You save: $15.00
Magnetic Adjustable Knee Support Brace
Price: $79.95Sale Price: $63.96You save: $15.99
Magnetic Back Support Belt
Price: $79.95Sale Price: $79.95You save: $15.99
Your Cart
x
0 items
About Our Founder
Dr. Alvin Bakst has been a thoracic and cardiovascular surgeon for forty years and is one of the pioneers in heart surgery. He was Full Professor and Chief of Thoracic and Cardiovascular Surgery at the New York Medical College Flower Fifth Avenue Hospital.
Performing thousands of operations while bending over an operating table, Dr. Bakst developed back problems which at times were incapacitating. After rejecting back surgery and tiring of medications, Dr. Bakst...
Read more