http://www.cactusgamedesign.com/privacy-policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Cactus Game Design, Inc. realizes you are concerned about how information you give us is used and shared. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Cactus Game Design, Inc., you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Cactus Game Design, Inc. Gather?
The information we gather from customers helps us personalize and improve your experience at Cactus Game Design, Inc. Here are the types of information we obtain.
Information You Give Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You may choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store, and communicating with you.
Does Cactus Game Design, Inc. Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below.
* Protection of Cactus Game Design, Inc. and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Cactus Game Design, Inc., our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
* We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
* It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Which Information Can I Access?
Cactus Game Design, Inc. gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with Cactus Game Design, Inc. for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
What Choices Do I Have?
* As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of Cactus Game Design, Inc. features.
* You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the "My Account" section when you log ins.
Children
Cactus Game Design, Inc. does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Cactus Game Design, Inc. only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Cactus Game Design, Inc., your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of North Carolina. If you have any concern about privacy at Cactus Game Design, Inc., please send us a thorough description to rob@cactusgamedesign.com, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most information when you register, buy, or communicate with us. For example, you provide information when place an order through Cactus Game Design, Inc.; provide information in My Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one e-mail address when registering with us); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; e-mail addresses; content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; products you viewed or searched for. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can access easily at Cactus Game Design, Inc. include up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password); & payment settings (including credit card information).