https://www.morrisminorspares.com/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
For more information, please see our
Cookies Page.
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
(ex. VAT)
(ex. VAT)
(inc. VAT)
(inc. VAT)
0 Items:
Account
LoginRegister
£GBP
£ - British Sterling
Search
Shop By Category
Engine
»OHV Engine
918cc Side-Valve Engine Parts
Accessories/Seat Belts/Mirrors etc. (Engine)
Exhaust & Fittings
Modifications (Engine)
Electrical
»Bulbs
Electrical/Switches/Charging
Front Sidelight & Flasher
Headlights (All Types)
Horn/Battery/Wiring Loom & Connectors
Indicators/Flasher Switches
Number Plate/Courtesy Light & Rear Reflector
Rear Lights-Saloon
Rear Lights-Traveller/Van & Pick-Up
Semaphore/Trafficator
Accessories/Seat Belts/Mirrors etc. (Electrical)
Speedometer (Electrical)
Fuel System
»Fuel & Carburettor
Ignition Equipment
»Ignition/Distributor
Cooling System & Heater
»Radiator/Cooling/Heating
Clutch
»Clutch (all models)
Gearbox
»Special Bolts/Nuts/Washers (Gearbox)
Accessories/Seat Belts/Mirrors etc. (Gearbox)
Gearbox (All O.H.V. Models) (Gearbox)
Rear Suspension/Axle & Propshaft
»Rear Axle/Propshaft (Rear Suspension)
Rear Suspension
Van & Pick Up Panels & Parts (Rear Suspension)
Steering
»Steering (All)
Front Suspension
»Modifications (Front Suspension)
Front Suspension (All Models)
Van & Pick Up Panels & Parts
Brakes
»Brake System
Front Brakes
Front Disc Brakes
Modifications (Brakes)
Handbrake
Rear Brakes
Body inc. Panels & Trim
»Bonnet Fittings
Bootlid Fittings
Bumpers
Convertible/Tourer Parts (Panels & Trim)
Door Fittings
Front Grille Panel Fittings
Keys/Locks & Handles
Miscellaneous Parts
Paint/Spray & Touch Up
Panels
Screen Rubbers & Glass
Speedometer (Panels & Trim)
Traveller Parts
Trim Parts/Carpets
Wipers & Washers
Accessories/Seat Belts/Mirrors etc. (Panels & Trim)
Special Bolts/Nuts/Washers (Panels & Trim)
Van & Pick Up Panels & Parts
Wheels & Tyres
»Accessories/Seat Belts/Mirrors etc. (Wheels & Tyres)
Rear Axle/Propshaft (Wheels & Tyres)
Wheels & Tyres (Misc)
Miscellaneous
»Books/Manuals
misc (Miscellaneous)
Sundry Consumables
Accessories/Seat Belts/Mirrors etc. (Miscellaneous)
Rare & Specials
»Rare & Specials
Trim & Interior
Modifications
»Brakes
Clutch
Engine
Front Suspension
Rear Suspension
Gearbox
Workshop
Cars
News
Contacts
Parts Dept & General Enquiries01580 200203 (UK) (+44)1580 200203 (Outside UK)  Workshop - Servicing and Restoration Enquiries01580 200062 (UK)Please do not call the workshop for parts enquiries
Home  ›  Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy NoticeBy using the ESM Morris Minors Ltd. site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of the ESM Morris Minors Ltd. site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes.Our CommitmentESM Morris Minors Ltd. respects your concern about privacy. This privacy policy will tell you how we protect your personal information, and will describe the choices you have concerning our use of such information. Please read this policy carefully. We may need to change this policy from time to time in order to address new issues and reflect changes on our site. We will post changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose that information to anyone. Please refer to this policy regularly.Online InformationGathering Types of information collected by this site: Information collected online is often defined as being either personally identifiable or anonymous: * Personally identifiable information Lets us know the specifics of who you are, such as your name, e-mail address or postal address. * Anonymous information Is information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. Personally identifiable information The choice of how much of your personally identifiable information is disclosed to ESM Morris Minors Ltd. is left completely up to you. The only way we know something about you is when you use a personalized service, such as requesting information via our web forms, or you voluntarily disclose your information such as an address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, demographic, and any other personal and financial information when you transact business at our site, communicate on the site by sending us an e-mail, or fill in a form.Collection of IP addressesWhen visiting any Internet site your unique address, called an "IP address", is recorded. The amount of information about users made available from their IP addresses varies greatly, for instance depending on how they are connected to the Internet. ESM Morris Minors Ltd. does not release any information about the collection of this address to any third parties. ESM Morris Minors Ltd. archives the logging of IP addresses for security reasons. Anonymous Information ESM Morris Minors Ltd. collects and archives basic logging for site stats. These log files show the daily number of visitors to our site and its subdirectories, the daily requests we receive for particular files, what server locations those requests come from, including from which countries, as well as the domain name of the server or browser accessing the ESM Morris Minors Ltd. site. These aggregated statistics are primarily used internally to provide better services to the public. Non-disclosure ESM Morris Minors Ltd. does not sell, rent, lend or give personally identifiable information collected from you on ESM Morris Minors Ltd`s website to marketers. The one exception is that, although unlikely, ESM Morris Minors Ltd. may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide personally identifiable information. In these cases, we will provide this information as and to the extent we have determined that the disclosure of any such information is appropriate. Lists From time to time we may send you emails we feel are relevant to your use of this site. You can unsubscribe from these lists as any time. Simply reply to any marketing email that you have received and put the word 'UNSUBSCRIBE' in the subject header.Internet Privacy and Cookies PolicyAt East Sussex Morris Minors we are committed to safeguarding and preserving the privacy of our visitors. This Policy explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you whilst you visit our site and how we use cookies on this website.We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly. Information That We CollectIn running and maintaining our website we may collect and process the following data about you:* Information about your use of our site including details of your visits such as pages viewed and the resources that you access. Such information includes traffic data, location data and other communication data.* Information provided voluntarily by you. For example, when you register for information or make a purchase.* Information that you provide when you communicate with us by any means. Use of CookiesCookies provide information regarding the computer used by a visitor. We may use cookies where appropriate to gather information about your computer in order to assist us in improving our website.We may gather information about your general internet use by using the cookie. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer and stored on the computer’s hard drive. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data which does not identify any personal details whatsoever.Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on advertisements on our website.You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can be done within the “settings” section of your computer. For more information please read the advice at AboutCookies.org. Use of Your InformationWe use the information that we collect from you to provide our services to you. In addition to this we may use the information for one or more of the following purposes:* To provide information to you that you request from us relating to our products or services.* To provide information to you relating to other products that may be of interest to you. Such additional information will only be provided where you have consented to receive such information.* To inform you of any changes to our website, services or goods and products.If you have previously purchased goods or services from us we may provide to you details of similar goods or services, or other goods and services, that you may be interested in.We never give your details to third parties to use your data to enable them to provide you with information regarding unrelated goods or services. Storing Your Personal DataIn operating our website it may become necessary to transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Union for processing and storing. By providing your personal data to us, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We do our utmost to ensure that all reasonable steps are taken to make sure that your data is stored securely.Unfortunately the sending of information via the internet is not totally secure and on occasion such information can be intercepted. We cannot guarantee the security of data that you choose to send us electronically, sending such information is entirely at your own risk. Disclosing Your InformationWe will not disclose your personal information to any other party other than in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in the circumstances detailed below:* In the event that we sell any or all of our business to the buyer.* Where we are legally required by law to disclose your personal information.* To further fraud protection and reduce the risk of fraud. Third Party LinksOn occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site’s policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.Access to Information In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you. Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of £10 to cover costs incurred by us in providing you with the information. ESM Morris Minors Ltd. will only e-mail you if you have signed up to our newsletter or if you carry out a transaction with us. If you do not wish to receive marketing e-mails from us anymore you can unsubscribe at any time in the footer in every email we send. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by unsubscribing at the footer of every e-mail or by emailing us or in writing to us. Signing upto Email Newsletters If you sign up to our newsletter you will receive our marketing e-mails on the latest sales, offers, products and news from ESM Morris Minors Ltd. You will be among the first to know about the latest news and newsletter offers.At no point will East Sussex Morris Minors Ltd. give your email address to third parties. Should you find that you are not happy with the email newsletters that you are receiving you can unsubscribe via the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of every newsletter email we send. Continue BrowsingVisit our homepage.Company
FAQs
Site Map
Contact Us
My Account
Delivery & Returns
Your Order
Opening Hours
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Help
Morris Minor History
Production Figures
Paint Colours
Chassis Identification
Newsletter Signup
Tweet
© 2019 ESM Morris Minors • All rights reservedeCommerce by Visualsoft
ESM Morris Minors Registered office Old Factory Buildings, Battenhurst Road, Stonegate, East Sussex, TN5 7DU, EnglandCompany Registration Number 05128047 VAT no. 510052416