http://www.burdickchocolate.com/privacy-notice.aspx
Home
Privacy Policy
L.A. Burdick Chocolates Privacy Policy The goal of L.A. Burdick Chocolates, Inc. is to offer our customers a quick and efficient online shopping experience. We want you to know all of the steps we take to ensure customer satisfaction.SECURITYL.A. Burdick Chocolates wants to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information on our website, we take commercially reasonable steps to protect your information online and off-line.PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENTL.A. Burdick Chocolates uses its best efforts to respect the privacy of its online visitors. At our site, we do not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it voluntarily and knowingly. We assure you that we promote the use of fair information practices and are committed to maintaining your confidence. Accordingly, we maintain the following privacy policy to protect personal information you provide online. If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, we encourage you to contact us by email or via phone at 800.229.2419 to speak to a Customer Service Representative.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USEL.A. Burdick Chocolates does NOT share, sell or rent this information to others in any way other than as disclosed in this policy or stated at the point where the information is collected.SHOPPING CART ORDERING PROCESSWe request information from you on our order form, including your contact information (such as name, email and shipping address) and financial information including credit card number, expiration date and security code. This information is used to fill your orders and for billing and shipping purposes only. If we have difficulty processing your order, we may use this information to contact you. We share this information, and only that information that we believe is necessary, with those third parties that are involved in the processing of your order. For example, the financial institution that issued your credit card and the shipping carrier that delivers your order. Your credit card information is never stored and made available on the web. If you supply us with your postal and/or email address in this manner, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and promotions or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please follow our opt-out instructions on those mailings.PRODUCT REVIEWSIf you choose to submit a product review, letter of thanks or other such testimonial we may ask for permission to use it on our website. We would only reveal minimal information (such as a last name and location), and use only that information we are granted permission to use. All testimonials would be reviewed and edited prior to posting. Generally, we would use this information only to improve our website and to promote product selection as a resource for other visitors. L.A. Burdick Chocolates via email regarding any matter, you will not be contacted for any reason other than as a response to the question or feedback. You will not be defaulted into receiving any promotional material simply by contacting us.SPECIAL OFFERS AND PROMOTIONSIf you signed up to be on our email list you may occasionally receive information on products, services and special offers. We extend to you the option to discontinue receiving these communications by following the convenient instructions at the bottom of all emails to “opt-out.” sales@burdickchocolate.com or by phone at 800.229.2419.COOKIESA cookie is a message that the server for our website gives to your web browser. Your browser stores the message in a file called cookie.txt. Each time the browser requests a page from the server, a message is sent back to the server. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. The next time you visit our site, your browser will send the cookie to the server, which can use the information to present you with a more personalized experience (such as retaining the contents of your shopping basket). L.A. Burdick Chocolates uses cookies for only two purposes: to maintain your shopping basket and to track which advertisement you clicked to get to our site. We do not use cookies to store passwords or any personal information about you. If you reject the cookie, you may still use our site; however, the contents of your shopping basket will not be retained between visits. (If you wish to prevent websites from setting cookies on your browser, you may set your browser’s security preferences to refuse cookies or to warn you before setting a cookie.)SESSION IDUpon visiting our site, we assign you a unique Session ID and attempt to store that onto your computer in the form of a cookie. This is used to keep track of your shopping basket during and between visits.LOG FILESWe use standard server log files to identify IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and the date and time users have accessed L.A. Burdick Chocolates. We use Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. "Aggregate use" means that information from all users is collected and gathered into a whole unit so that information as a whole can be used.SHARINGAs do all other online companies, we use a credit card processing merchant bank to bill users for goods and services. This company is contractually obligated to not retain, share, sell, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. L.A. Burdick Chocolates or others, or as otherwise described in this privacy policy.CORRECTING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATIONPlease call or customer service representatives at 800.229.2419.SECURITY SOFTWAREWhen you provide sensitive information on our site (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected with encryption software while in transit. We utilize industry standard SSL encryption when accepting your credit card information during our online checkout process. In addition, we utilize the same encryption standard when transferring your credit card data to our internal fulfillment system. (While you are on a secure page, such as in our checkout procedure, the lock icon in the status bar of your web browser will appear to be locked.) While we use encryption software to protect sensitive information online, we also use our best efforts to protect your information off-line. Access to all of our users' information is restricted in our offices. We take reasonable steps to ensure that only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. The servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment at our facility. sales@burdickchocolate.com.LINKSThis website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by the L.A. Burdick Chocolates website.CONTACTING USIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, wish to have information about you deleted, need to know how to opt-out of mailings, or want to place an order via a method other than the Internet, you can contact us at: 800.229.2419.FRAUDUnder the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50 of any fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, L.A. Burdick Chocolates will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. L.A. Burdick Chocolates will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at L.A. Burdick Chocolates while using our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. To contact L.A. Burdick Chocolates in the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, please email us at sales@burdickchocolate.com.Important Note:The Fair Credit Billing Act does not cover liability for automatic debit cards or check cards. At L.A. Burdick Chocolates, we recommend using a credit card rather than a debit or check card when purchasing products online. Should you have any other questions or concerns, feel free to email us or call us at 800.229.2419.