https://www.gurusoundz.com/privacy-policy
Home
About us
Guest Book
Appointments
Contact Us
020-8594-4040
My Account
×My Account
Are you already a customer?
Username or email *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?
Not a customer yet?
If you're a registered customer, you can track your order, review products, gift vouchers or even become a Guru Soundz Linkpartner.
REGISTER HERE
No products in the cart.
Entertainment & PA Hire
Harmonium
Tabla
Sitar and Tanpura
Bhangra Dhol
Dholak & Bollywood Instruments
Bengali Instruments
Special Indian Instruments
Others
Woodwind instruments
South Indian instruments
Dancing bells
Electronic Instruments
Exclusive Products
Percussion
Indian instrument CDs
Indian Vocal CDs
Tuition DVDs and books
Religious & wedding song
Personal contact
+02085944040
info@gurusoundz.com
Contact Us
Showroom Address
Information
About Us
Contact us
Appointment
Customer Review
Even more Guru Soundz
Press
Entertainment & Pa Hire
Celebrities Love
Fine print
Terms and conditions
Privacy policy
How to order
Delivery & Shipping Policy
Return & Refund Policy
Payment Security
Company Address
Guru Soundz City
Hainault Business Park
12 – 14 Fowler Road
Hainault, near Ilford, IG6 3UT
Regd.No: 64 6340 9
Business Hours
All days open
Monday - Sunday
(Showroom Visits strictly by appointment only)
Testimonials
Hello Thank you for the 2 electronic machines great sound it’s perfect Chris.
Janssen Christian
Hi, thank’s for selling sitars and tablas, here in portugal we can’t find any….. Best luck to all “Guru Soundz'”…. Great site!!
Pedro Andrade, Portugal
Good afternoon, I received my sitar yesterday. It is magnificent.
Thank you for everything. Have a good week!
France
Dear Sandip, I am really enjoying learning how to play the tabla under your fantastic tutelage – and your website is great too!
Neil Martin, London
Home
Privacy Policy
Here at Guru Soundz Ltd we understand that customers care about the use and storage of their personal information and we value your trust in allowing us to do this in a careful and sensible manner. We have created this privacy notice in order to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of our customers.
What information we collect:
When you request a product or service, we’ll collect some of your personal information, to make sure you have everything you need to make the most of our services.We use this information for administration of your contract and to support the delivery of the services or products you have asked for.
The types of personal information we will collect are:
Name:
Telephone number(s):
Email address(s) :
Why do we need this information?
The information requested during this process is required to complete the sale of the products or services that form part of your contract with us.
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways in providing the service and operating our business, including the following:
We use the information provided along with the requested service information to supply you with contractual documents.
We use the information that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to you as a customer.
We use the information that we collect to understand and analyse the usage trends and preferences of our customers to improve our service.
We may use your email address or other information we collect (i) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, or (ii) to send communications, including updates relating to products and services.
How long do we keep this data?
We will retain this personal information about you for as long as you are a customer and a further three years thereafter, or until we are advised that you wish for your personal information to be removed.
We will also remove your information if your company requests this (if you have left the business for example)
Your rights
Under Data Protection law you have rights related to how we protect and look after your personal Information.
You have the right to ask us for your personal information that we hold and process about you. This is known as a subject access request.
You can also ask:
that any inaccurate information we hold about you is corrected.
that we delete information about you in certain situations.
that we stop using your personal information for certain purposes.
that we don’t make decisions about you by completely automated means.
that personal information you have given us be provided to you in a common machine readable format, or sent to a third party where this is technically feasible.
The rights set out above may apply in limited circumstances, and we may not always be able to comply with your request to exercise these rights. We will always try to respond to a request to exercise your rights within 1 month.
If you are unhappy with the way we handle your personal information, please contact us at the address below.
We will try to address your concerns.
If you have a complaint about the way we have handled your information, you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office who is the relevant authority in the UK, or the Data Protection Commissioner who is the relevant authority in EIRE.
Company Information:
The data controller is Guru Soundz Ltd
For enquiries or requests, please email at info@gurusoundz.com
Registered head office:
Tish Leibovitch249 Cranbrook Road Ilford
Essex
IG1 4TG
Registered in England
Guru Soundz celebrating 17 Years. Showroom visit strictly by appointment's only. Please call us on 02085944040
Give Feedback
Payment & Security
Payment can be made safely and securely with Worldpay, any type of Credit Card, any type of Debit Card or Direct Bank Transfer.
Products
Harmonium
Tabla
Sitar and Tanpura
Bhangra Dhol
Dholak & Bollywood Instruments
Bengali Instruments
Woodwind instruments
Dancing bells
South Indian instruments
Electronic Instruments
Help
Guest Book
Appointments
How To Order
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Delivery & Shipping Policy
Return & Refunds Policy
Payment Security
Contact & Service
0208 594 4040
info@gurusoundz.com
Address
Guru Soundz City
Hainault Business Park12 – 14 Fowler RoadHainault, near Ilford, IG6 3UT
Our showroom is nearRange Rover and Jaguar
More Information
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Instagram
Media
Press
Celebrities Love
×
Feedback
Found an error or want to give us feedback about this page?
We're looking forward to hearing from you and aim to solve any problems as soon as we can.
Copyright © 2004–2020 Guru Soundz | Company Registration No:64 6340 9
Guru Soundz helps to find out the right product | Design & Developed by SOVA INFOTECH
View Cart
Checkout
Continue Shopping
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. Find out more.Okay, thanks