https://www.touchnholddoorclosers.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy policy
Privacy policy
This privacy policy sets out how Greenstar uses and protects any information that you give Greenstar when you use this website.
Greenstar is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Greenstar may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from December 29, 2011.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name & contact information including mailing address, telephone and email address
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Order processing, first and foremost.Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.Paragraph
SHOP
HOW TO
How to Use
How to Install
How to Adjust Closing Speed
How to Adjust Slamming
How to Replace Your Existing Closer
FAQ
ABOUT US
Our Story
Contact us