http://www.granstromevergreens.com/privacy-policy
Welcome
Evergreen Products
Christmas Wreath Fundraisers
Corporate Gifts
Online Retail Orders
Mail In Retail Orders
Wholesale Orders
Nursery
Directions to Our Farm
Contact Us
Who We Are
Photos
Privacy Policy
OUR PRIVACY POLICYIt is the policy of Granstrom Evergreens, L.L.C. and Erik Granström that personal information, such as your name, postal and e-mail address or telephone number, is private and confidential. Accordingly, any personal information you may provide is stored in a secure location, is accessible only by the owner and WebmasterErik Granström, and is used only for the purposes for which you provide the information (such as to reply to your request, ask questions, or be added to our links pages).We do not collect or retain credit card information on sales made through this Website. This information is collected by our secure online shopping cart system and through our banks credit card processing system.Never Will We Release Your Information To Third Parties:Personal information will not be released to third parties. This information will be kept confidential and will never be released to other businesses or individuals. The only exception to this might be if release is required by law or is pertinent to judicial or governmental investigations or proceedings. There are no other circumstances under which we will provide share or sell personal information to third parties.Granstrom Evergreens, L.L.C. Does Employ Cookies:Some Websites, pages and advertising or the servers may employ "cookies" to track information about the visits to our web pages. However this is done without actually identifying the visitor, instead giving a code as an identifier; these codes contain no personal information and cannot be used to gather such information.If you wish to avoid even such anonymous tracking, simply turn off the "cookie" feature on your browser (which can be done from the "options" menu of most browsers). Remember that cookies are employed to provide better services to visitors and turning off this option will limit some functionality.SecurityGranstrom Evergreens, L.L.C. employs very strict security measures and utilizes 128 bit encryption through SSL for credit card transactions. This is the standard for Internet sales and we take every precaution to keep you and ourselves as secure as humanly possible. If there is ever a problem we promise to make it right!Erik GranströmGranstrom Evergreens, L.L.C.