https://www.frecksautoart.com/policies/
Skip to content
Our Policies
Product Condition – Disclosure
We always strive to deliver our products in as pristine a condition as possible. However, many of our items, especially prints, may have been created and stored in inventory control for excess of 20 years or more. As many of our products are “one of a kind”, some may be the last of a remaining few in inventory. Items, such as prints may have been shipped all around the globe, or displayed at the concourse or racing events. Because of this, a small number could have a bent corner, small pencil smudge from the artist or shipping, thumbnail ding, etc. In almost every case, professional framing and matting will eliminate any problem. We will never ship a product if we do not believe it meets or exceeds industry standards. As we have been in business since 1998 our quality control system has achieved an estimated satisfaction rate in excess of 99%.
Signing Photos – Disclosure
In October 2018 due to an unfortunate incident we have lost some of our signing photos. While efforts have been made to update affected products we may have missed a few. We will continue to provide remaining signing photos where available.
Refunds
We do not issue cash refunds. We will issue a store credit for the purchase price, or send a gift certificate to whomever our customer wishes.
Florida State Sales Tax
The State of Florida requires us to collect a 6% sales tax on all orders.
Approvals
Effective December 1, 2003, we will not ship any item or group of items on approval unless the total balance has been paid in advance.
Payment Methods
We do not accept personal checks. We currently accept the following forms of payment: Master Card, Visa, American Express, and online check via PayPal for online orders; Mastercard, Visa and American Express for credit card orders placed by telephone or mail/ USPS or commercial money orders for orders sent in by mail. For orders of $5,000 or more, we require bank wire transfers.
Autographed Items
Freck’s Auto Art, Inc. warrants and represents that any and all autographed signatures appearing on our products are authentic and legitimate. Certificates of Authenticity (COAs) will be provided where available. If an artist or subject-signed COA is not available, your invoice will provide evidence of our representation of the authenticity of the autographed signatures. In any case of dispute involving the veracity of any autographed signature item, where it is established by reasoned analysis that any autographed signature is forged, a written statement thereto by a generally recognized and mutually agreed upon handwriting expert provided to us will be accepted as basis for the return of the item, with full refund to include all shipping and handling charges AND the cost of the handwriting analysis. No excuses, no exceptions.
Privacy
We will not sell or distribute any personal information about our customers to any other company. It is solely for the use of our company to expedite your order.
Warehousing & Shipping
All of our prints are stored in architect’s flat files under uniform weight in climate controlled conditions. Each print is closely inspected prior to packing to ensure that it is in perfect condition. Memorabilia and collectible items in some cases may be quite old and may have been folded or bent, have frayed edges or stains. Our customers will be apprised of the exact condition of any such item they order before it is shipped to them. We ship in the highest quality containers and materials we can obtain. All items are shipped insured and the cost of the insurance is included in the shipping and handling fee. Signature is required upon delivery. We want to ensure quality service even after your order has left our warehouse. To achieve this end, orders are shipped primarily through the U.S. Postal System’s Priority Mail Service. Most orders are processed and leave our warehouse within 1-2 business days of receiving your order. If your order is being sent to a Florida address it should arrive within 3-5 business days. Orders being shipped to all other states in the Continental U.S. should arrive within 3-10 business days. If you need your order faster, we also offer Next Day and 2 Day Delivery. For same day shipping on these faster delivery services, please contact us for additional charges.
International Shipping & Customs Policies
We ship worldwide. Please contact us by e-mail and let us know what you are ordering and the shipping destination. We will advise you of the additional shipping charges. For products shipped outside of the US, there may be additional customs duties owed, depending on your country’s import rules. Customer purchases shipped into the US may also have additional customs duties owed. These duties are not included in your shipping costs, and are entirely your responsibility. Custom declaration forms will represent the total value of your purchase. Packages will not be marked as “gift”, or carry an undervalued figure. Delivery times for overseas shipping can vary from 7-10 days to a month or more. We have no control over customs officials and the other various entities that handle overseas mail. We strongly urge you to purchase sufficient insurance to cover any damage or loss. We cannot and will not be responsible for damage to or loss of anything shipped without insurance sufficient to cover the entire purchase price. In the event of loss or damage, you will be provided copies of the documents related to your shipment, and instructions on how to process your insurance claim. We will not replace or refund any products under any circumstances.
Limited Editions
Limited edition prints are produced under the artist’s supervision and rarely exceed 1,000 in number. Once an edition sells out, it may be available on the secondary market, such as frame shops and print/poster stores. In some cases, unsigned artist’s proofs may be available. We welcome inquiries by email, telephone or regular mail about the availability of any item we offer for sale.
Pricing
Many of the items listed on this site are one-of-a-kind and rare items by our artists. We strive to always list current details including pricing. However, our prices are subject to change with no prior written notice.
Out Of Stock and Back Orders
Items listed for sale on this website are subject to availability. Unforeseen demand or manufacturer delays occasionally result in items that are out of stock. Some quantities are limited. Not all sale items are in stock. Some sale items are one of a kind, have limited availability, or are offered for sale and sold on behalf of independent artists who maintain their own inventories; or by private individuals re-selling or consigning items, and in those cases the items may have already been sold or may no longer be available at the time Freck’s Auto Art receives your order. If this occurs, you will be notified by e-mail that the item is no longer available, the sale will be cancelled, and any amount paid by you will be refunded.
AllBoxing, Golf, And Other SpecialsChamp Car, IRL, and Drag RacingClassic Car ArtCollector's CornerCorvetteDie-cast ModelsDrag RacingDriversFeatured ArtistsFerrariFord GTFord MustangFormula OneHelmets and SuitsLe MansLimited Edition GicleesMarch MadnessMercedesMotorcycles and AviationNASCARNew ArrivalsOriginal PaintingsPorscheRacing MemorabiliaSculpturesUncategorizedVintage Posters
Search for:
Home
Shop
About
Dealer Inquiries
Artist Inquiries
Policies
Links
Contact
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
For security, use of Google's reCAPTCHA service is required which is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.I agree to these terms.
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
For security, use of Google's reCAPTCHA service is required which is subject to the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.I agree to these terms.Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Sign me up to receive email updates!
Register
Skip to content
Open toolbar
Accessibility Tools
Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
Reset