https://www.smokehouse.com/privacy/
Home
Privacy
Privacy
We Respect Your Privacy
Burgers’ Smokehouse respects the privacy of our customers and web site visitors. When you visit or shop with us, we want you to know we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your data from our site. We do this because it is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to order transaction information.
Your Personal Information
At smokehouse.com, we limit the information collected about you to what is needed for conducting business and offering products and services that might interest you. We use the information you share with us...
To provide the products or services you requested
To improve the content of our site and enhance your shopping experience
For marketing and promotional purposes
This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information(such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources.
In addition, we may share this information with third parties that we believe are reputable in order to offer products and services that may be of interest to you. Finally, we may share this information with outside vendors and organizations that provide support services that help us with our marketing programs. If you prefer we do not share your name and address with marketing partners, please email us at: optout@smokehouse.com
Gift Recipients Information
We use the information you provide about gift recipients when placing an order only to ship the product, to confirm delivery and for our own marketing purposes. We do not share this information with outside parties.
Other Information About You
In addition to personal information you provide us, smokehouse.com uses technology that lets us know what type of browser you are using, the Web site from which you enter smokehouse.com and the pages you view as you tour our site. This technology does not identify you personally. It simply helps us compile statistics about our customers and guests and their use of our site. We use these statistics and share them with third parties to improve our Web site design and content and in connection with marketing programs.
What if you do not wish to receive promotional information as a result of using the smokehouse.com website?
We intend to offer our customers only opportunities that will interest them, and we believe they will welcome the information they receive as a result of visiting smokehouse.com. If you agreed to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you.
We will only share your e-mail address if you have opted in by checking the box on the registration page. Additionally, each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt out process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail. However, we respect our customer’s preference to limit their E-mail, mail, and telephone calls.
If you would prefer not to receive promotional information as a result of using the smokehouse.com Web site, please email us at: optout@smokehouse.com
We will act promptly to honor your request to remove your name and address from the list we occasionally share with other organizations.
E-Mail Policy
If you do not wish to receive e-mail from Burgers’ Smokehouse in the future, please let us know by sending e-mail to us at: service@smokehouse.com
You may also call us at 1-800-624-5426 or write to us at:
Burgers’ Smokehouse32819 Highway 87California MO, 65018
Additionally, each email we send you will include a description of the simple opt out process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail.
Burgers' Smokehouse ~ 32819 Hwy. 87, California, Missouri 65018Phone: 800.624.5426 Copyright © 2020 All Rights Reserved.