http://www.unaniherbalist.com/privacy-policy.html
TwitterFacebookinstagramFor Any Health Related Issues, Call Us At : +91 9058429887 | Email: info@hashmi.com
Navigate
HomeHealth NewsGeneral HealthMale Healthfemale HaelthContact UsAbout Us You are at:Home»Privacy Policy»Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, address telephone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used to send periodic emails, the email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.Do we use cookies? Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience.We don’t sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose the information to third parties, except where required by law (for example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies).Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. Share.
Twitter
Facebook
Google+
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
About Author
admin Leave A Reply Cancel Reply
Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.
Send Your Query
Enter Code Recent Posts How to Stay Sexually Connected During Infertility Treatment Semen: How much is enough? Why We Don’t Have a Male Contraceptive Pill … Yet What Vitamins to Take for Erectile Dysfunction 7 Deadliest Male Fertility KillersCategoriesAbout Usfemale HaelthGeneral HealthHealth NewsMale HealthPrivacy PolicyUncategorized Male Health General Health News
December 14, 2019 0
How to cure Premature Ejaculation naturally?
January 12, 2019 0
Male Infertility Causes and Solutions
December 9, 2018 0
Best Penis Enlargement Supplement that Work For Men
November 11, 2018 0
How to Prevent Premature Ejaculation
July 29, 2018 0
Herbal penis enlargement cream
February 4, 2019 0
Jaundice in Adults Natural Treatment
February 2, 2019 0
Medicines for Treating Piles
February 1, 2019 0
Quit Alcohol Home Remedies
January 30, 2019 0
Ways to Prevent Kidney Stones Naturally
January 29, 2019 0
Treatment of a Heart Attack
May 19, 2020 0
How to Stay Sexually Connected During Infertility Treatment
February 3, 2020 0
Semen: How much is enough?
January 16, 2020 0
Why We Don’t Have a Male Contraceptive Pill … Yet
January 4, 2020 0
What Vitamins to Take for Erectile Dysfunction
December 25, 2019 0
7 Deadliest Male Fertility KillersLatest Galleries
Night Life Not For the Faint of Heart
Premiere for The Invisible Woman
Frankenstein Fails to Scare Cinemas
Call Now Button Open chat