http://www.katinsurf.com/pages/terms-policies
Free Mask & Free Domestic Shipping on Orders Over $50!
Terms & Policies
PRIVACY POLICY
Katin USA is a globally registered trademark owned by Attain/DBA Katin. All marks, names, illustrations, images, logos, registered/unregistered designs, content and other intellectual property that appears on this website remains the exclusive property of Katin USA. and may not be copied, reproduced republished, downloaded, posted, broadcasted or made available to the public without the permission of Katin USA.
Kati USA web store respects our customer's account information as private and confidential information We will never share, sell or rent customer information with any third party persons or companies.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
INFORMATION COLLECTED - PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
We collect personal information you provide to us. For example, we may collect information when you create an account, create a profile, use the interactive areas and features on our site, make a purchase, sign up for events, and when you email, call, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we collect include, for example, name, postal address, phone or fax number, email address, account information (e.g., credit card and online registration information), and other information that you choose to provide.
AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
We receive certain types of information automatically whenever you use our services or sites. For example, when your Web browser accesses our site, we obtain certain types of information, such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, access times, and the page you visited before visiting our site. We may also collect information about your computer’s operating system and information about your usage and activity on our site.
OUR USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the personal information we collect about you for a variety of purposes, for example, to: Provide and deliver products and services, process and complete transactions and send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages; Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; Send you communications about the Company and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and geographically relevant information; Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes; Maintain and administer your account; and Operate and improve our sites and services. We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
YOUR INFO
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from the Company by following the instructions in those emails. You may also change your postal mail and email preferences by contacting us at shop@katinusa.com If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your purchases, account or our ongoing business relations.
If your personal information changes, we invite you to correct or update your information by contacting us at the addresses below. You can also request changes to your personal information and request that we not disclose your information to third-parties for their own marketing purposes by contacting us at the addresses below.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Company endeavors to use commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction while it is under our control. While we use commercially reasonable precautions to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee complete security. 100% complete security does not presently exist anywhere online or offline.
PUBLIC INFORMATION
The Site may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We also make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information. We have no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will notify you by changing the “Effective Date” date above or as required by law.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy or about our privacy practices, please contact us as follows:
Katin USA 2937 E. Maria Street Compton, CA 90221, USA