http://www.econvergence.net/terms.asp
Questions? Call: 914-773-6749
Home
BUY Pedal-A-Watt
Pedal-A-Watt Accessories
The Cycle Charger
All Products
Videos
FAQ's
Testimonials
Pedal-A-Watt Bicycle Generator Stand
|
The Belfry Bat Detector
|
Slipstream Electric Bicycle
|
SpinPower for Spin Bikes
|
Solar Human & Power Products
Featured Product
The Solar Generator
Always have access to electricity even if your local grid power is down due to storms, blackouts or other events.
Recent News
STAMFORD, Conn
Promising “Balanced Living on the Road,” Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.’s (NYSE: HOT) Element Hotels brand has announced an initiative designed to marry Element’s commitment to providing health and fitness options for travelers with its green design sensibility....
Testimonials
"We received our Pedal-A-Watt a few days ago. We are very pleased with the construction and quality of it. Thank you. We are what some are calling "preppers", and we meet with the others every Thursday night..."
–Angela O. MI
"Thanks a lot for shipping the pedal a watt so quickly, I received it in less than a week.
This is definitely going to help my family reduce our carbon footprint.
Keep up the good work."
–Glenn M., IL
"I just checked my mail and to my great astonishment I have a brand new unit. I cannot begin to put in words my appreciation for the best customer service I have seen in many decades. Thank you so much."
–Bob R., Tucson, AZ
"We received the Pedal -A-Watt on July 20.
My husband & I are thoroughly enjoying it! It gets used every day!
This is a great idea and product.
I'll definitely recommend this to our fellow triathletes and energy conscious friends. Thanks."
–Connie B., Hawaii
"What a great product!
I didn't even know the Pedal-A-Watt existed.
We use ours to provide lighting and power our laptops in our home office.
Thanks again for your guidance and a great product."
–Dave F., Nevada
"Dear Convergence Technologies, Your Pedal-A-Watt is the perfect addition to our "green house" demonstration.
Visitors get on your Pedal-A-Watt, pedal for a few minutes and then can see how much power they have created by viewing the meter you offer."
–Lisa C., Indiana
Credit Card Processing
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity. Copyright 2003, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity or purchasing Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity or to purchase Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricityWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityConvergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeConvergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerConvergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
E-mail:
About Us
Contact Us
Bookmark Us
Privacy Policy
Suggestions
My Account
My Cart
Terms Of Use
Privacy
Policy
Shipping
Returns
Product Index
Category Index
Our Blog
Copyright ©
Convergence Tech, Inc. -Home of the Pedal-A-Watt - human generated electricity. All Rights Reserved.Built with Volusion