http://www.bitablue.com/terms_conditions
The Chinoiserie boutique
Search:
Search
Welcome to the premiere E-shop of Chinese clothing, Chinese dress...
Advanced
Wishlist
My Cart: $0.00
NEW ARRIVALWOMENSWEARDressesBlouses & ShirtsCoats & JacketsPants & SkirtsSleepwearMENSWEARCoats & JacketsShirtsSleepwearCHILDRENSWEARBoysGirlsACCESSORIESNecktiesHandbagsScarvesShoes
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Bitablue.com. By using this website, you agree to be bound by our Terms and Conditions set out below. These Terms and Conditions may be changed in the future without prior notice to you. Your continued use of this site after such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Use of this Site
This Site or any portion of this Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without expressed written consent, please contact us if you wish to do so.
Copyrights
Unless otherwise noted, the content of this Site including images, text and other material is the property of owner of Bitablue.com or our suppliers, sponsors, licensors or affiliates. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Bitablue.com and its owner.
Privacy
We strongly believe in protecting our users' privacy. Please refer to our Privacy Statement for information about our Privacy Policy and what we do with the information provided by users of this Site.
Products and Orders
Prices and availability of the products and services listed on this site are subject to change without notice. Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or for no reason at all. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any product or service.
Disclaimer
This site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Bitablue.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, expressed or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Bitablue.com disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Without limiting the foregoing, Bitablue.com disclaims any and all warranties, expressed or implied, for any merchandise offered on this site. You acknowledge, by your use of this web site, that your use of the site is at your sole risk. This disclaimer does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item. This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of this agreement.
Category
NEW ARRIVAL
WOMENSWEAR
Dresses
Blouses & Shirts
Coats & Jackets
Pants & Skirts
Sleepwear
MENSWEAR
Coats & Jackets
Shirts
Sleepwear
CHILDRENSWEAR
Boys
Girls
ACCESSORIES
Neckties
Handbags
Scarves
Shoes
Resources
Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Articles
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Support
FAQ
Shipping Rates
Sizing Chart
Return and Exchange
How to Measure
© 2004-2018 Bitablue.com. All Rights Reserved.