http://www.birdguides.com/information/privacy-policy/
Information
Privacy Policy
Privacy policy
The Maltings, West Street, Bourne, Lincolnshire PE10 9PH • Tel: +44 (0)1778 391000 • Fax: +44 (0)1778 421706
Last updated: August 2016, May 2012
Warners Group Publications Plc ("we") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is Warners Group Publications Plc of The Maltings, West Street, Bourne PE10 9PH.
1. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
1.1
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.birdguides.com. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion and when you report a problem with our site;
1.2
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
1.3
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them;
1.4
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders;
1.5
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
2. IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
2.1
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
2.2
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. You can view our cookie policy here. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us:
2.2.1
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
2.2.2
To store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests;
2.2.3
To speed up your searches;
2.2.4
To recognise you when you return to our site.
2.3
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.
2.4
Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
3. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
3.1
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
3.2
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any card payment transactions will be encrypted by our payment gateway providers Sagepay and Paypal and are not stored on our servers. Bank details provided for the set-up of direct debits are transmitted via secure connections. Where you have chosen a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
3.3
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
4. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
4.1
We use information held about you in the following ways:
4.1.1
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
4.1.2
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes;
4.1.3
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
4.1.4
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
4.1.5
To notify you about changes to our service.
4.2
We may also use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you. We may contact you about these by email, SMS, post or telephone in accordance with the contact preferences you have set on your account.
4.3
If you are an existing customer you can amend your contact preferences via your my account/profile when logged in on the site or by contacting us via email, post or telephone.
4.4
If you are a new customer you can set your preferences at the point of registration on the website.
4.5
If you have an ongoing order with us eg. subscription/membership or show order we may from time to time contact you about that product or an associated item.
4.6
We do not pass on or sell data to third parties for marketing purposes.
5. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
5.1
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
5.2
If Warners Group Publications Plc or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
5.3
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of sale and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Warners Group Publications Plc, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
6. YOUR RIGHTS
6.1
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. All online registration forms require you to opt in to marketing contact, we do not automatically opt you in to marketing and if you haven’t ticked to say you’d like to receive information from us by the available channels – email/SMS/post/telephone – you will not be contacted by us. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Data Manager, Warners Group Publications Plc, The Maltings, West Street, Bourne PE10 9PH.
6.2
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
7. ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
8. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
9. CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Head of Online, Warners Group Publications Plc, The Maltings, Manor Lane, Bourne PE10 9PH.
Latest Rarities
View all sightings
10/12/2020
22:24
Eurasian Penduline Tit
Somerset & Bristol
Details
10/12/2020
20:57
Ring-billed Gull
Cornwall
Details
10/12/2020
20:50
Glossy Ibis
Dorset
Details
10/12/2020
19:40
Siberian Chiffchaff
Cornwall
Details
10/12/2020
19:38
Kumlien's Gull
Cornwall
Details
* Bird News Pro and Bird News Ultimate subscribers receive full sighting details.
Submit your sighting
Have you seen something interesting? Click Submit to share your rare bird sightings via our simple form.
Submit
Start Your Free Trial Today!
Latest Issue
On Sale: 26 November 2020
Subscribe
Buy Now
Top
Back
We value your privacy
We use cookies to improve your experience of this website by remembering your usage preferences, collecting statistics, and targeting relevant content. If you continue to use this site we’ll assume you’re happy to receive all cookies.
I Accept
Review settings