http://www.fieldspianos.com/legal/privacy-policy
Fields Pianos
Santa Ana (714) 662 2117
Visit
Santa Ana
Visit
Contact
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Basic Bidding Standards
Effective as of January 29, 2020.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Steinway, Inc. d/b/a Steinway & Sons and our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Steinway”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) in connection with your interactions with Steinway and Steinway-owned retail stores, and our websites and mobile apps that link to this Privacy Policy. Steinway may provide additional or supplemental privacy notices to individuals at the time we collect their data, which will govern how we may process the information provided at that time.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to your interactions with Steinway authorized dealers and the showrooms they operate.  Please note that when you make an inquiry about Steinway showrooms in person or online, we will share your details with Steinway showrooms in your desired location, including showrooms operated by Steinway authorized dealers
We provide important information for individuals located in the European Union here.
We provide important information for California residents here
CONTENTS
Personal Information We Collect
Cookies and Similar Technologies
How We Use Your Personal Information
How We Share Your Personal Information
Your Choices
Security
Children
Sensitive Personal Information
International Transfer
Other Websites and Services
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Additional Information for European Users
Notice to California Residents
Personal Information We Collect
In connection with our products and services, we may collect information about consumers, piano teachers, piano technicians, performers and other individuals.
Information you give us
You may provide personal information to us when you use our websites or mobile apps, visit our showrooms, call us, visit our social media pages or otherwise communicate with us. This information may include:
Contact information, such as your first name, last name, mailing address, phone number, and email address
Professional qualifications you may provide in connection with our teacher directory, such as relevant education, professional history, link to your website or profile on a social networking website, photographs you may choose to provide, and information about yourself or services you offer that you may choose to provide
Feedback and correspondence, such as information you provide when you receive customer support or otherwise correspond with us online
Transaction information, such as details about purchases you make
Registration information, such as information you provide when you register for a contest or another promotion, factory tours, or a Steinway piano competition
Publicly available information, including information that you or others publish on social media (including our social media page), testimonials, blogs or other forums, such as tweets, comments, photographs, or video or audio content
Other personal information you submit to us
Information we obtain from third parties
We may collect personal information from Steinway dealers, such as information about a purchase you make through a Steinway dealer. We may also use a variety of third-party services to help organize our events. The information you provide to those third parties is subject to their privacy policies, and any information we receive from them is subject to this Privacy Policy.
We may also maintain pages for Steinway and our products and services on a variety of third-party platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+, YouTube, Instagram, and other social networking services. When you interact with our pages on those third-party platforms, the third party’s privacy policy will govern your interactions on the relevant platform. If the third-party platform provides us with information about our pages on those platforms or your interactions with them, we will treat that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information automatically collected
When you access our websites and mobile apps, we, our service providers and our business partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your online activity:
Device data, including your computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device identifier (such as the Google Advertising ID or Apple ID for Advertising), browser type, screen resolution, IP address, the website you visited before browsing to our websites, general location information such as city, state or geographic are
Geolocation, meaning precise geolocation information if you authorize your mobile device to share your location with our mobile apps
Online activity, including information about your use of and actions on our websites, such as pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, navigation paths between pages, information about your activity on a page, access times, and length of access. Our service providers and business partners may collect this type of information over time and across third-party websites. This information is collected using cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or mobile device by a website. Our websites may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our websites.
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first-party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, which we use to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits our websites; and (2) third party-cookies, which are served by service providers or business partners on our websites, and can be used by such service providers or business partners to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites.
Cookies we use
Our Site uses the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:
Essential Cookies. These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our websites and to enable you to use some of its features. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
We use Typekit by Adobe and Google Tag Manager for this purpose.  You can find out more information about Google Tag Manager here and about how Google protects your data here.
Functionality Cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make when you use our websites. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-select your preferences every time you visit our websites.
Analytics and Performance Cookies. These cookies allow our websites to remember choices you make when you use our websites. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-select your preferences every time you visit our websites.
We use Google Analytics and Mouseflow for this purpose. Google Analytics and Mouseflow use their own cookies. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies here and about how Google protects your data here. You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Site by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here. You can find out more about Mouseflow’s services here, its privacy practices here, and opt out of Mouseflow’s cookies here.
Social Media Cookies. These cookies are used when you click a social media sharing or “like” button on our websites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social networking website such as Facebook or Twitter. The social network will record that you have done this. Social networks use their own cookies.
We use Facebook Connect on our websites, you can find out more about how Facebook’s privacy practices here.
Targeted and advertising cookies.  These cookies track your browsing habits to enable us and third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be of interest to you. These cookies use information about your browsing history to group you with other users who have similar interests or browsing behavior. Based on the cookies that the third-party advertising network sets on our websites and other websites, advertisers can display or otherwise deliver to you advertisements that may be relevant to your interests on our websites and while you are on third party websites.
See the Online Tracking Guide to learn more about your choices concerning targeted advertising.
Other technologies
In addition to cookies, our online services may use other technologies, such as pixel tags and software development kits (or SDKs), to collect information automatically.
Pixel tags. We may use pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on our websites and in our HTML-formatted emails to track the actions of users on our websites and interactions with our emails and newsletters. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages or within HTML formatted emails. Pixel tags are used to demonstrate that a webpage was accessed or that certain content was viewed, typically to measure the success of our marketing campaigns or engagement with our emails and to compile statistics about usage of our websites, so that we can manage our content more effectively.
Software Development Kits. Our mobile apps may use software development kits (“SDKs”) provided by third parties. SDKs enable us to provide features and functionality developed by third-party developers, including to provide us with analytics, social media integration, and advertising. The SDKs we use may enable third parties to collect information about the users of our mobile applications. The types of SDKs we use include:
Analytics SDKs. These SDKs are used to collect information about use of our mobile apps. The information gathered may include the types of information described above in the section titled “Information automatically collected.” We use this information to help operate our mobile apps more efficiently, to gather broad demographic information, monitor the level of activity on and within the application, diagnose errors, and improve the mobile application.
Social Media SDKs. These SDKs help you to interact with social networks you are signed into while using our mobile apps, such as by sharing content with the social network and other features you use with the social network. Social networks may also work with our apps for analytics or advertising purposes, as discussed above.
Advertising SDKs. These SDKs allow our advertising partners to collect information about your devices, and how you use our mobile application and other websites and applications over time; and to use this information to show you ads of potential interest and measure how the ads perform. These third parties’ collection, use, and sharing of your personal information is subject to their own privacy policies. You may be able to control or limit use of certain information collected through advertising SDKs for purposes of targeted advertising. For additional information, see the Online Tracking Guide.
Do Not Track Signals
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send "Do Not Track" signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to do not track signals. To find out more about "Do Not Track," please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
How We Use Your Personal Information
To provide our products and services
We use the personal information we collect to:
operate, maintain, administer and improve our websites, mobile apps, products and services
manage and communicate with you regarding, your account with us, including by sending you service announcements, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages
process and manage purchases and registrations you make through our websites, including to administer contests and other promotions
manage individual referrals
better understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience
respond to your requests, questions and feedback
To market our products and services to you
We may send you Steinway-related marketing communications. Our marketing communications may be tailored to you and your interests. You will have the ability to opt out of such communications as described below.
To comply with law
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
With your consent
We will request your consent to use your personal information where required by law, such as where we use certain cookies or similar technologies or would like to send you certain marketing messages. If we request your consent to use your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time in the manner indicated when we requested the consent or by contacting us. If you have consented to receive marketing communications from our third party partners, you may withdraw your consent by contacting those partners directly.
To create anonymous data for analytics
We may create aggregated, de-identified or anonymous data from your personal information and other individuals whose personal information we collect. and use that data for our lawful business purposes, including to analyze and improve the service.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to (a) enforce our terms and conditions; (b) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
How We Share your Personal Information
Affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Advertising partners. We may share personal information with our advertising partners or we may enable our partners to collect information directly from our websites and mobile apps for marketing purposes.
Steinway dealers. When you make an inquiry about a Steinway store location in person or online, we will share your details with the Steinway store in your desired location, and that store may be operated by a Steinway authorized dealer.  Steinway dealers may use the personal information they receive from us for their own marketing purposes, and dealers’ use of your personal information is not subject to this Privacy Policy.
The public. You may submit content for public posting. For example, if you complete a teacher profile for display on our website, we may post the profile using the information you provided. You may remove your profile at any time. If you participate in a Steinway contest or promotion, we may share contestant names as disclosed in the terms of the contest or promotion, including by posting the winner’s name on our websites.
Service providers. We may employ third-party companies and individuals to administer and provide services on our behalf (such as customer support, order fulfillment, hosting, email delivery, marketing, and database management services). These third parties may use your information only as directed by Steinway and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your information for any other purpose.
Our network of professionals. When you inquire through Steinway about services related to pianos, such as tuning, lessons, transportation, etc., you may direct us to share your information with professionals who provide these services. Their use of your information is subject to their privacy policies, and not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Professional advisors. We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with laws and law enforcement; protection and safety. Steinway may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as required by law, and disclose and use such information as we believe necessary or appropriate to (a) comply with applicable laws and lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (b) enforce our terms and conditions; (c) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (d) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
Business transfers. Steinway may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy, in which case we will make reasonable efforts to require the recipient to honor this Privacy Policy.
Your Choices
Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
If you have an account with us, you may be able to update your information in the account. You may also contact us at info@steinway.com to update or correct the personal information Steinway maintains about you, or if you have additional requests or questions.
Marketing communications
You may opt out of marketing-related emails by clicking on a link at the bottom of each such email, by contacting us at info@steinway.com or, if applicable, logging in and changing your account settings. You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Targeted advertising
See the Online Tracking Guide to learn how to opt out of targeted advertising.
Choosing not to share your personal information
Where we are required by law to collect your personal information, or where we need your personal information in order to provide services to you, if you do not provide this information when requested (or you later ask to delete it), we may not be able to provide you with our services.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We take a number of organizational, technical and physical measures designed to protect the personal information we collect, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no security safeguards are completely effective, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information.
Children
Our websites and mobile apps are not directed to children under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable.
Sensitive Personal Information
We ask that you not share with us any sensitive personal information (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership). If you become aware that you have shared sensitive personal information with us, please let us know, and we will delete it.
International Transfer
Steinway is headquartered in the United States and has service providers in other countries, and your personal information may be transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
European users should read the important information provided here about transfer of personal information outside of the European Economic Area.
Other Websites and Services
Our websites and mobile apps may contain links to other websites and services. These links are not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party. We do not exercise control over third-party websites or services, and are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and services may follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of the other websites you visit and services you use.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this Privacy Policy and posting it on our websites and in the app stores. We may also notify you by mail or via our apps.
Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon our posting of the new terms. Your continued use of our services after the posting of any modified Privacy Policy indicates your acceptance of the terms of the modified Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns at all about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to email us at info@steinway.com or write to us at:
Steinway & Sons
Attn: Legal – Privacy
One Steinway Place
Astoria, NY 11105
In addition, individuals who are located in the European Union may contact us by mail at:
Steinway & Sons Europe
Attn: Legal – Privacy
Rondenbarg 10
22525 Hamburg, Germany
Additional Information for European Union Users
Personal information
References to “personal information” in this Privacy Policy are equivalent to “personal data” governed by European data protection legislation.
Controller
Steinway & Sons is the controller of your personal information for purposes of European data protection legislation. See the Contact Us section above for contact details.
Legal bases for processing
We use your personal information only as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described in the table below. If you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us at info@steinway.com.
Processing purpose
Legal basis
To provide our products and services
Where we have an agreement governing this purpose, processing is necessary to perform the contract governing our provision of services or to take steps that you request prior to signing up for our services.
In all other cases, these processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To market our products and services to you
To create anonymous data for analytics
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety
These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
To comply with law
Processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations
With your consent
Processing is based on your consent. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it anytime in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at info@steinway.com.
Use for new purposes
We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy where permitted by law and the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected the information. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the applicable legal basis.
Retention
We will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
When we no longer require the personal information we may anonymize it (so that it can no longer be associated with you), in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your rights
European data protection laws give European users certain rights regarding their personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
Opt-out. Stop sending you direct marketing communications. You may continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing emails.
Access. Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
Correct. Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
Delete. Delete your personal information.
Transfer. Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
Restrict. Restrict the processing of your personal information.
Object. Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information.
You can submit these requests by email to info@steinway.com or our postal address provided above. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us as described above or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator here.
Cross-Border Data Transfer
Whenever we transfer your personal information out of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) to countries not deemed by the European Commission to provide an adequate level of personal information protection, we will transfer the information:
Pursuant to the recipient’s compliance with standard contractual clauses, EU-US Privacy Shield, or Binding Corporate Rules
Pursuant to the consent of the individual to whom the personal information pertains
As otherwise permitted by applicable EEA requirements.
Please contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal information out of the EEA.
Notice to California Residents
We are required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) to provide to California residents an explanation of how we collect, use and share their personal Information, and of the rights and choices we offer California residents regarding our handling of their personal information.
This notice does not apply to information related to our business contacts, including piano teachers, piano technicians, and other professionals in our network.
Personal Information that We Collect, Use and Share
The chart below describes how we currently collect, use and share personal information, and how we have collected used and shared personal information over the past 12 months. This chart may not cover information you volunteer to us, such as in correspondence.
We do not sell personal information.  As we explain above, we use cookies and other tracking technologies to analyze website traffic and facilitate advertising. If you would like to learn how you may opt out of our (and our third party advertising partners’) use of cookies and other tracking technologies, please review the instructions provided in the Online Tracking Guide.
Personal Information we collect
CCPA-defined categories of personal information (Definitions are available here)
Sources of personal information
Business/commercial purposes for which we may collect and use personal information
Data sharing
Contact information
Identifiers
Commercial information
You
Steinway dealers
To provide our products and services
To create anonymous data for analytics
To market our products and services to you
Shared with Steinway dealers at your direction
Shared with our network of professionals at your direction
Feedback and correspondence
Registration information
Identifiers
Commercial Information
You
Automatically collected
Event organizing services (e.g., Eventbrite)
To provide our products and services
To create anonymous data for analytics
To market our products and services to you
Collected automatically by advertising partners
Transaction information
Commercial information
You
Automatically collected
Steinway dealers
To provide our products and services
To create anonymous data for analytics
None
Device Data
Online activity
Geolocation
Inferences
Internet or Other Network
Geolocation
You
Automatically collected
To create anonymous data for analytics
To market our products and services to you
Collected automatically by advertising partners
Please note that we may also disclose personal information with service providers and professional advisors, and in connection with business transfers or compliance.
California Residents' Privacy Rights
The CCPA grants California residents the following rights:
Information. You can request information about how we have collected, used and shared your personal information during the past 12 months. We have made this information available to California residents without having to request it by including it in the above chart.
Access.  You can request a copy of the personal information that we have collected about you.
Deletion.  You can ask us to delete the personal information that we maintain about you.
Please note that the CCPA limits these rights by, for example, prohibiting us from providing certain sensitive information in response to an access request and limiting the circumstances in which we must comply with a deletion request. If we deny your request, we will communicate our decision to you.
You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination, as prohibited by the CCPA.
How to Submit a Request
To request access to or deletion of personal information:
Complete this form
Identity verification. We will need to confirm your identity and California residency to process your requests to exercise your information, access or deletion rights. We cannot process your request if you do not provide us with sufficient detail to allow us to understand and respond to it.
Authorized agents. California residents can empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on their behalf.  We will require the authorized agent to have a written authorization confirming that authority.
Last updated 1/29/2020.
Contact Us
Have all your questions answered — by phone or email.
Our Newsletter
Get the latest from Fields Pianos.
Stay In Touch