http://www.amanameatshop.com/privacy
Countdown to Christmas! Order Now. Ship Now.
Home / privacy
Privacy Statement
Your Privacy
You cherish your PRIVACY...and we respect that!
Your order is only your business and ours...and we are committed to securing and protecting your information responsibly.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you place an order with the Amana Meat Shop & Smokehouse, we collect all necessary information to process and ship your order: your name, your address, your e-mail address, and if you are sending a gift, the name and address of your gift recipient.
In an effort to give you the best customer service, we would like to contact you with news about our Amana Meat Shop & Smokehouse products and special offers. If you do not wish to receive future e-mail announcements or periodic mailings, please let us know by emailing us at info@amanameatshop.com or calling toll-free at 1-800-373-6328.
A Secure Shopping Experience
When you place your orders, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts the information that is sent to us. Your transactions are protected against unauthorized access.
Mailing List Policy
We periodically mail catalogs and other information on our products and special offerings. We occasionally exchange our mailing list with other reputable companies.
If you do not wish to receive our mailings or mailings from other reputable companies, please let us know at the below contact information and we will promptly see that your name and address are removed.
Digital Advertising Policy
Our company and our trusted third parties may share with one another anonymous versions of user information collected at this site. We may use that information to link to and issue anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising purposes. Such cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. Click on the following link to opt out of online behavioral advertising: http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
In Summary
The Amana Meat Shop & Smokehouse is committed to gaining your trust and protecting your privacy. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the Amana Meat Shop & Smokehouse, please contact us at: info@amanameatshop.com, or call toll-free 1-800-373-6328, or write to us:
AMANA MEAT SHOP & SMOKEHOUSE
PO BOX 158
AMANA, IA 52203
Sign Up for our Email Newsletter
Subscribe for our latest stories and promotions.
2-Day Shipping
Over 160 years of experience
Made in America's Heartland
Simple Flavorful Food Every Time
Satisfaction Guaranteed
© Copyright 2020 Amana Meat Shop & Smokehouse.
All rights reserved.
Sign Up for our Email Newsletter
Get weekly specials, updates on new products, reminders of holiday shipping cut-offs and more!