http://www.rulesmaster.com/privacy
Welcome Guest. You are not logged in.
LOGIN |
New Account
There are no items in your cart.
View Cart
RulesMaster
Home
Product Range
News
Support
Downloads & Freebies
Testimonials
Feedback
RulesMaster.com and your privacy
RulesMaster.com and your privacy
This statement discloses the privacy practices for www.rulesmaster.com and Ross Jensen Associates Pty Ltd, ABN 95 339 362 820.
In order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, this policy advises you on:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you have any questions on this privacy policy, please contact support@rulesmaster.com.
Information Collection and Use
Ross Jensen Associates Pty Ltd, trading as Ross Learning Media, is the sole owner of the information collected on www.rulesmaster.com. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways which differ from those disclosed in this statement.
Information we collect: We collect information from our users at several different points:
Ordering Information: When you order a product from us we request information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information, such as name and e-mail address and, in some cases, delivery information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders, and, in some cases, to verify licence conditions.
Credit Card Information: Credit card informationon is transferred to the eWAYPayment Gateway.  eWAY is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program.  TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organisation whose mission is to build users' trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. eWAY advises us if the transaction has been approved or not. We do not have any access to credit card information you have supplied to the payment gateway.
We use high-level security mechanisms that greatly improve security and privacy of credit card payment transactions conducted over the internet. We use 128-bit industry standard secure socket layer (SSL 3.0) encryption technology to secure communication sessions with you and with us. This means you can rest assured that communications between your browser and this site's web servers are private and secure.
Fax and telephone orders: When you order products by telephone or fax we ask for your name, address and credit card details. This information is required for billing purposes, in order to fulfil your order, and for security purposes. Any information received is treated with the utmost confidentiality and not passed on to any other person or organisation except as required in order to execute the transaction. Credit card details are destroyed following payment to our account, except where otherwise requested by a specific customer or supplier.
Product support: We will ask for your name and address, and may require proof of purchase, if you ask for product support.  This information is used to assure us that you are a properly licenced user of our products,
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing information. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once you close your browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, you will not have to enter your name or e-mail address more than once, saving you time while on our site. If you reject the cookie, you will not be able to place your order over the internet, nor use the Payment Gateway. Cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Tell-A-Friend: If you elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask for the friend's name and e-mail address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time e-mail inviting them to visit the site. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail. The friend may contact us at support@rulesmaster.com to request removal of this information from our database.
Log Files: We use the internet addresses of visitors to rulesmaster.com to analyse trends, administer the site, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Internet addresses gathered in this way are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Surveys, Contests, Special Offers, Promotions & News: Sometimes we may request information from you via surveys or contests to make special offers, for promotions, or to provide news. Participation is voluntary and you can choose whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as postcode and age). Contact information will be used to notify winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used to monitor or improve the use and satisfaction of RulesMaster products and rulesmaster.com. You may opt not to receive these communications at any time.
Sharing information with third parties: We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual. We use an outside shipping company (usually Australia Post and its partners) to ship orders, and a payment gateway provided by eWay to bill users for goods and services.
Links: This web site contains links to other sites. Ross Jensen Associates Pty Ltd is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. Be aware of this when you leave our site -- read the privacy statements of other web sites that collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Supplementation of information: To properly fulfil our obligation to our customers, we may need to supplement the information we receive with information from third party sources. For example, we may use your name or company name and other personally identifiable information to verify a shipping address, or (for account customers only,) to request a credit report.  We will only do this when reasonably necessary to provide products or services that are ordered.
Updates: We occasionally send product and service announcement updates. You cannot unsubscribe from these announcements, as they contain important information about the product you have purchased. We may communicate with you to provide requested services and on issues relating to your account via e-mail or phone.
Correcting/updating personal information: If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your postcode), or you no longer desire our service, we will correct, update or remove your personal data provided to us. E-mail support@rulesmaster.com or write to Ross Jensen Associates, 23 Stevens St, Yeronga, Queensland 4104, Australia.
Choice/opt-out: You can "opt-out" of providing information not required for purposes not directly related to the purpose for which you are providing the information. For example, order forms clearly identify which information is essential and which is optional.
If you no longer wish to receive news or promotional information from us, you can opt-out by e-mailing support@rulesmaster.com. Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make informed choices on whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
Privacy Policy |
About Us Copyright © Ross Learning Media 2020Fri, 11 Dec 2020 03:47:16 -0500