http://www.ditalia.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
THE SHOP
PANTRY
Panettone, Torrone, Panforte + More
Antipasti Provisions
Olives
Tarallini Crackers + Bruschette
Olive Oil + Vinegar
Pasta + Rice + Polenta
Tomatoes + Sauce
Specialty Ingredients
Salt + Seasoning
Jams, Preserves + Honey
Sweets + Desserts
Espresso Bar + Beverages
View All
Salumeria
Salami (Whole or Sliced)
Volpi Prosciutto + Roltini
Prosciutto di Parma
Specialty Cured Meats
Grilling Sausage
View All
Cheese + Accompaniments
Cow Milk Cheese
Sheep Milk Cheese
Cheese Accompaniments + Pairings
View All
Gift Ideas
By Occasion
Birthdays
Thank You
House Warming
All Foodie Gift Occasions
By Type
Gift Baskets, Boxes + Sets
Antipasti "Snacks" Gift Sets + Pairings
Cooking Gift Sets + Pairings
Discovery Box Subscription
By Price
Gifts under $50
Between $50 - $150
Between $150 - $250
Holiday SpecialtiesSecret Sauce Blog
Account
Search
Cart
Your cart is empty
FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $99 ... * excludes special care items
DITALIA has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to respecting the privacy of others. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
We Respect Your Privacy
DITALIA is committed to protecting your privacy. The information we collect about you is to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. When you place an order with DITALIA your personal information and credit card information are safe. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What Information We Collect and Why
- When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fill your order and to notify you of your order status.
- When you enter a contest or respond to other promotional offers, we may ask for your name, address and e-mail address so that we can administer the contest and notify winners.
- We may also use the information we collect to periodically notify you about new services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information you may send an e-mail to support@ditalia.com with "unsubscribe" as the subject line.
Use of Information We Collect
The information we collect may be used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes. DITALIA may gather, process, and use the information that you provide directly (e.g., name, postal address, e-mail address), as well as information regarding the manner on which you use this web site. If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by emailing support@ditalia.com and specify in your request that you do not want to receive postal mailings from our company. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by emailing us at the above-listed address and specify in your request that you do not want to receive email from Ditalia.
Information shared with other organizations
DITALIA does not share information with any other organizations.
How Do We Protect Your Information
When you place orders, we make use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. In addition, all of the customer data we collect are protected against unauthorized access.
Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions you may have. Our e-mail address is support@ditalia.com. Our mailing address is:
DITALIA Support1401 South BoyleSt. Louis, MO 63110
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by DITALIA. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use the information, and under what circumstances we will deliver the information.