http://www.pendance.us/policies-guidelines/
Envelope Addressing
Place Cards & Escort Cards
Invitation Design
Wedding Signage
Wine Bottle Engraving
Vows & Love Letters
Family Trees
Calligraphy & Handwriting Classes
Confused about etiquette rules for addressing envelopes? Our “Etiquette Guide for Brides to Be” shows you 3 degrees of envelope correctness – Very Formal, Correct, and Informal.
Fill in your email below to download a copy! And no worries! We won’t share your email address with anyone (pinky promise)!
I have reviewed the Privacy Policy. I consent to receive information about services and special offers by email.
On the Blog
Rave Reviews
Dear Maureen, Thank you do much for creating our beautiful wedding invitations. We received so many compliments on them and I can’t thank you enough! We will treasure our invitation for a lifetime!
Emily Watson Demmeck, Texas
@PenDanceStudio On Insta
This error message is only visible to WordPress admins
Error: There is no connected account for the user 346876320 Feed will not update.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.