http://www.albertsgifts.com/pages/privacypolicy.aspx
Privacy Policy
PrivacyPolicy
Privacy Policy   This web site (this “Web Site”) is provided by AlbertsGifts.com (“AlbertsGifts.com”),   a division of American International Manufacturers (the “Company”) 3001 Penn   Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA 15201-1520, USA. Protecting your privacy is important   to us. We hope the following Privacy Policy will help you understand how AlbertsGifts.com   collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to us on   our website.     Security   Our policy is to protect you     and your information. Accordingly, AlbertsGifts.com permits confidential transactions     only using a "secure session" using Secure Socket Layer (“SSL”) encryption     technology. For additional information about SSL, and how it is used to maintain     the confidentiality of personal data transmissions over the Internet, please     read Security FAQs.  Information Collected     It is important to note that     there are different types of information: a) your private information, such     as name, birthday, and credit card number (your “Private Information”) and     b) information regarding your personal use of the Website, such as how you     arrived at the Website, what you click, what you purchase (your “Statistical     Use Information”). Collectively, Private Information and Statistical Use Information     are referred to as “Confidential Information”. Notwithstanding the foregoing,     like most sales-based enterprises, AlbertsGifts.com collects a variety of     information about the use of the Website by all users, what is purchased,     etc. 	   Scope of this Policy     The type of information to which this Privacy Policy relates is the type of information     that is directly related to your personal account. All other information is     outside the scope of this Privacy Policy, as is anything not expressly addressed     herein. For example, AlbertsGifts.com, like most sales-based enterprises,     will generate reports that indicate that it sold 100 widgets on a certain     day. This is done in the ordinary course of business. This type of information     collection is traditional business reporting and is completely outside the     scope of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy relates to the type of information     that can be, in the wrong hands, somewhat invasive; that is, that AlbertsGifts.com     can track, using computer technology, the nature of your personal purchases     for the purpose of directly marketing to you based upon your use of the website.       Browsing       AlbertsGifts.com does     not collect Private Information when you merely browse the Website. That is,     you browse anonymously. Private Information, such as your name, address, telephone     number or E-mail address, are not collected as you browse. Statistical Use     Information is collected, so that AlbertsGifts.com, so that, among other things,     for example, AlbertsGifts.com can improve the website.	   Cookies   AlbertsGifts.com does     use "cookies" which are considered Statistical Use Information. See Security     FAQs for additional information on cookies. As an example only, AlbertsGifts.com     may collect information about the server your computer is logged onto, your     browser type (for example, Netscape or Internet Explorer), and whether you     have responded to an AlbertsGifts.com banner ad or E-mail. 		 Information Supplied  In order     to provide you with a particular product or service online, we may request     that you voluntarily supply us with Private Information, including your E-mail     address and real name, for purposes such as correspondence, site registration,     checking your bill online, making a purchase, or participating in online surveys     and enabling us to provide an online product or service to you in an efficient     manner. 	  Combining Information
If you     are known to us as a customer and/or registered user, then AlbertsGifts.com     may combine information about your use of the Website and the online products     or services you utilize with certain other online and offline information     we have about you. We also combine information that you provide with information     available from external sources, such as census bureau data, in order to customize     your online experience and present you with relevant online and offline offers     and updates. 	    Information UseWe may use information you have     given us to, for example, provide a service, ensure proper billing, measure     consumer interest in our various services and inform you about products and     services. If you provide us with your e-mail address, or have done so in the     past, or if we obtain your e-mail address from another source, we may send     you e-mail offers. These offers may be based on information you provided in     your initial transaction with us, in surveys, from information that may indicate     purchasing preferences and lifestyle, as well as information available from     external sources, such as census bureau data. These E-mail offers come directly     from AlbertsGifts.com. When we send e-mails to you, we may be able to identify     information about your e-mail address, such as whether you can read graphic-rich     html e-mails. If your E-mail address is html-enabled, we may choose to send     you graphic-rich html E-mails.
Please note that we do not provide     your E-mail address to our business partners. However, we may send you offers     on behalf of our business partners. Keep in mind that if you take advantage     of an offer from an AlbertsGifts.com business partner and become their customer,     they may independently wish to send offers to you. In this case, you will     need to inform them separately if you wish to decline receiving future offers     from them. 	  Our goal is to deliver offers     to people who we believe will find them of value. Offers are developed and     managed under strict conditions designed to safeguard the security and privacy     of customer personal information.    Email Privacy PolicyWe have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment     to your privacy and the protection of your information. If     you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with     us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving     information in the future ("opt-in"), or (b) you have registered or purchased     or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and     attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.	  How we protect your privacyWe use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of     data used by our system. Sharing and UsageWe will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone     without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information     submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for     purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for     information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing     services relating to our communications with you. How can you stop receiving emails from us?  Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email     from us. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end     of any email. If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via this system or purporting     to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your     comments to customerservice@albertsgifts.com for review.	  E-mail OffersAlbertsGifts.com provides customers     with an easy means to decline receiving e-mail offers. Although some customers     tell us they appreciate receiving notice of these carefully designed opportunities,     we recognize the importance of providing you with choices. At any time, you     may request to discontinue receiving these offers from us by simply replying     to the e-mail and informing us of your preferences. All e-mail offers that     you receive from AlbertsGifts.com will inform you of how to decline receiving     further E-mail offers. Additionally, you may set or change your e-mail preferences     online at any time. 	  My Account AlbertsGifts.com “My Account”     offers features to facilitate your online shopping experience, and we would     like you to be aware of how we protect the information the My Account feature.     When you register for AlbertsGifts.com or purchase products, we request that     you supply us with information necessary to complete your online purchases.     This information includes your name, telephone number, billing address, e-mail     address, and the account number and expiration date of the credit cards you     choose to place in the My Account.	 We will not use these additional     names for any marketing purpose and we will not share them except with the     agents and contractors of AlbertsGifts.com for the purpose of performing services     for the My Account. Security is an important feature of the My Account. All of the information you provide to us in connection     with the My Account is stored on an AlbertsGifts.com secure server and protected     by firewalls. See Security FAQs for additional information.
From time to time AlbertsGifts.com     may use information you have provided to us as well as AlbertsGifts.com purchase     information to develop customized offers you may find of interest. We provide     you with the ability to set e-mail preferences should you wish to decline     receiving E-mail offers. My Account collects     and stores securely a record of all purchases that you make using your My     Account, including the date and amount of purchase, and the credit card and     account number used.	  ChildrenAlbertsGifts.com does not use the Website to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. 	  WARNING TO PARENTS/GUARDIANSItems sold by AlbertsGifts.com are not suitable for use by children. For Example,     items such as pins, pens, magnets, etc. may have sharp dangerous points or     may be easily swallowed. All items sold are intended for use and/or distribution     by adults.	    Customer Choice – Direct Mail and TelemarketingIf you would like to decline     receiving AlbertsGifts.com mail or telemarketing offers in the United States,     if you would like information about your account, or if you have a question     or concern, please contact us at customerservice@albertsgifts.com.     Linked Internet Sites Remember that other Internet     sites to which you link from this Website may contain privacy provisions that     are significantly different from the privacy provisions of our Privacy Policy.    Company Commitment to PrivacyThis AlbertsGifts.com Privacy     Policy applies only to our United States customers and U.S. visitors to this     Website. If you are a U.S. customer and have questions about our online Privacy     Statement or your account, please contact us at customerservice@albertsgifts.com.privacy@albertsgifts.com