http://www.sternsmusic.com/help_privacy_note.php
HOME
CATALOGUE
NEW RELEASES
CHART
TRADEWIND
LINKS
FEEDBACK
SHIPPING AND RETURNS
PRIVACY NOTE
ABOUT US
Login
Password
Privacy Note
Personal Information
We collect information from you when you register on our site and when you make a purchase from us. We use this information to process your order and to contact you if there are any queries in relation to the order. We may need to share your information with third parties, e.g. delivery companies or credit card companies, in relation to your order. Except in these circumstances your information will not be shared with any third parties unless required by law. Your personal information can be accessed or modified at any time by logging in to our site with your email address and password.
Credit and Debit Card Information
We use secure third party payment processors like Streamline and PayPal to process online orders.
When you make a purchase at our site using PayPal you are transferred to PayPal secure site for authorisation. If you pay by Credit or Debit card your connection is protected by Comodo SSL Secure Certificate and processed by Streamline. We only use provided card details to process your order and do not keep card numbers on our servers.
Cookie Usage, Security and Safe Shopping
This website uses cookies to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any of your private information; they only used to store items in your Shopping Cart or to recognize you as a registered customer when you log in to access your account.
Email Notifications
When you become a customer, you will receive an automated confirmation email containing your Account Activation link. When you purchase goods from us, you will receive an automated receipt by email. We only email you in person if we need to clarify details about your order or if we are responding to your questions or queries.
Email Communications and Newsletters
From time to time we send email newsletters to our customers. Our newsletters contain information about new products, special promotions, discounts and unique offers.
You have the option to unsubscribe at any time by replying with the word Unsubscribe in the subject line of your reply email.
Links
Our Web site may provide links to third party sites. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy note applies solely to information collected by this site.
(c) 2006 Sterns MusicDesigned by DataconIT