http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au/security-privacy
login
login
register
cart:
0
order before 1pm mon-fri
order before 10am saturday
for same day delivery
call us:
(02) 9966 0889
Toggle navigation
call us: (02) 9966 0889
Home
Shop
Shop By Occasion
ChristmasBirthdayRomanceSympathyGet WellNew Babyfuneraljust becausethank yougiftsCardsFormals
Shop By Design
BouquetsArrangementsLil SomethingPollys Potsplants
Shop By Flower
liliestulipsrosesgerberaschrysanthemumsorchidsnatives
Shop By Price
Under $75
$76 - $99
Over $100
Delivery
About Us
Contact
SECURITY & PRIVACY
SECURITY OF ORDERING ONLINEAtlantis flowers is committed to ensuring your security when ordering online. We have technical systems in place to ensure your security when providing your credit card details.
We use Paypal (http://www.paypal.com) to process your credit card payment. Your credit card details are never handled by our system and we do not receive a copy of your credit card number. Paypal is a trusted online payment provider that handles millions of online transactions a day.
TIPS FOR ORDERING SAFELY ONLINENever submit your credit card details over an insecure site. Furthermore, don’t simply believe that because a site claims to be secure, that it is. Check your browser – a small, locked padlock somewhere near the address bar.
TERMS OF USEBy accessing, browsing, using or purchasing any items on this site, you agree to the terms and conditions of http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au.
PRIVACY STATEMENTwww.atlantisflowers.com.au respects the privacy of all users of this web site and is committed to maintaining the privacy and accuracy of your personal information and to protecting such information from loss, misuse, unauthorised access, alteration and destruction.
Please read the Privacy Statement headings below carefully to understand how your personal information will be treated by us. By using this web site, you consent to the uses mentioned. This Privacy Statement refers only to the http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au web site.
COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou can browse this web site without telling us who you are or revealing any information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). When you submit a floral or gift order through this web site, however, we may request Personal Information such as your name, date of birth, e-mail address, gender and location. http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au does not collect information about anyone’s ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, sexual preferences or criminal record.
COLLECTION AND USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATIONhttp://www.atlantisflowers.com.au uses cookies to keep track of your visits and provide personalised features (such as your preferred style settings). Cookies do not identify individual users but they do identify your browser type and your internet service provider. http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au collects this information on an aggregate basis and for usage statistics only.
EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCEShttp://www.atlantisflowers.com.au may disclose Personal Information when required or authorised to do so by law or when such action is necessary or appropriate (for example, if http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au believes that someone is in imminent danger of serious harm). In these exceptional circumstances, we reserve the right to disclose Personal Information to the appropriate authority at our discretion and without your consent.
PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONhttp://www.atlantisflowers.com.au takes reasonable steps to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse or alteration. As an additional safeguard, access to Personal Information is restricted only to the management and authorised employees of http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au carrying out permitted business functions.
If you would like http://www.atlantisflowers.com.au to delete your Personal Information, please let us know and we will take all reasonable steps to delete it unless we are required by law to keep it.