http://www.treesfortheholyland.com/pages/terms-of-use
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Terms Of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Notice and any or all Agreements: “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and thereby accepting Trees for the Holy Land’s Terms of Use. “We”, “Our” and "Us", refers to Trees for the Holy Land. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both you and Trees for the Holy Land, or either you or Trees for the Holy Land.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this website are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this website.
COPYRIGHT
The entire content included in this website, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States of America and other copyright laws, and is the property of Trees for the Holy Land. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this website for the sole purpose of placing an order with Trees for the Holy Land. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the website solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Trees for the Holy Land. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this website is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Trees for the Holy Land. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from this website.
TRADEMARKS
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Trees for the Holy Land, used in our website, are trademarks or registered trademarks of Trees for the Holy Land. All of trademarks that appear on our website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Trees for the Holy Land.
WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
This website, and the trees, materials, and any products on this website are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. Trees are living organisms, which necessarily means that the life of a tree you plant will come to an end at an unknown date; either due to old age, unknown forces, or calamity. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Trees for the Holy Land disclaims all warranties, express or implied. Trees for the Holy Land does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this website or the server that makes the website available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Trees for the Holy Land does not make any warranties or representations regarding the use of the materials in this website in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Trees for the Holy Land shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this website or the performance of the trees or products, even if Trees for the Holy Land has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS
In the event that a Trees for the Holy Land product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Trees for the Holy Land reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Trees for the Holy Land reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Trees for the Holy Land shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
NO CONFIDENTIALITY
Except for information necessary to place an order, we do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information or trade secrets through our website, physical addresses, or telephone call center. Any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent or communicated to us will be deemed non-confidential, and by submitting it, you are granting us an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute it for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or compensation to you. However, we will not use your full name unless we first obtain your permission, or are required by law to identify you as the source, of that which you have communicated or sent to us.
TERM & TERMINATION
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the website and/or completing the shopping process. Trees for the Holy Land may terminate these terms and conditions, or any part of them, without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination. NOTICE: Trees for the Holy Land may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on this website, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Trees for the Holy Land.
DISPUTES
Your use of this website shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, and/or the United States of America without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. Trees for the Holy Land's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Trees for the Holy Land may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
If you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the Commonwealth of Virginia, to which you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue.
USE OF WEBSITE
Harassment in any manner or form on this website, including via email, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Trees for the Holy Land or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on this website is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through this website any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on this website or use this website to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Trees for the Holy Land may link to websites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Trees for the Holy Land, Trees for the Holy Land has no control over these linked websites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Trees for the Holy Land. These linked websites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Trees for the Holy Land seeks to protect the integrity of its website and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own website, but for websites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
HYPERLINKING TO OUR WEBSITE
The following organizations may link to the Trees for the Holy Land website without prior written approval: Government agencies, Search engines, and News organizations. These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other website information so long as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or approval of the linking party and its products or services; and (c) fits within the context of the linking party’s website.
We may consider and approve other link requests, in writing via email to questions@treesfortheholyland.com. Please include your name, organization, as well as the URL of your site, a list of any URLs from which you intend to link to our website, and a list of the URL(s) on our website to which you request to link. No use of Trees for the Holy Land’s logo or other artwork will be allowed for linking absent a trademark license agreement.
Iframes - Without prior approval and express written permission, you may not create frames or iframes around our website pages or use other techniques that alter in any way the visual presentation or appearance of our website.
PARTICIPATION DISCLAIMER
Content Liability: We shall have no responsibility or liability for any content appearing on your website. You agree to indemnify and defend us against all claims arising out of your website. No link(s) may appear on any page on your website or within any context containing content or materials that may be interpreted as libelous, obscene or criminal, or which infringes, otherwise violates, or advocates the infringement or other violation of, any third party rights.
Reservation of Rights: We reserve the right at any time and in our sole discretion to request that you remove all links or any particular link to our website. You agree to immediately remove all links to our website upon such request. We also reserve the right to amend these terms and conditions and our linking policy at any time. By continuing to link to our website, you agree to be bound to and abide by these linking terms and conditions.
Trees for the Holy Land does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing this website, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on this website, Trees for the Holy Land is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on this website. However, Trees for the Holy Land reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Trees for the Holy Land in its sole discretion.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Trees for the Holy Land, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing this website using your Internet account.
THIS TERMS OF USE NOTICE WAS LAST UPDATED ON OCTOBER 18, 2018
JOIN THE INNER CIRCLE