http://www.presents.ie/privacy-statement-cookie-policy/
0949251711
Cathal@presents.ie
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Privacy Statement & Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Presents.ie uses cookies to provide you with a better user experience and cookies are necessary to store information for our shopping cart system such as items you added to your shopping basket. If you continue to access this website we will consider that you consent to the use of cookies.
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your machine to help this site provide a better user experience. Cookies retain user preferences and store information for things like shopping carts.
How Presents.ie uses cookies?
We use cookies to learn how visitors to our website interact with our website so we can deliver a better service and so we can provide better information relevant to our visitors. We also use cookies to improve the operation and presentation of our website and cookies are necessary for the operation of our shopping cart system.
Privacy Statement
Presents.ie is an award winning gift shop with it’s head office in Swinford, Co Mayo. Please email Cathal@presents.ie about any concerns you may have in regard to the processing of personal data on this website.
All transactions on Presents.ie are processed with Paypal and we do not record or have access to customers credit card information. We do record customers information such as delivery address and email but we do not share this information with any third party company or organisation. We use cookies to provide you with a better user experience and cookies are necessary for our shopping cart system and if you continue to access this website we will consider that you consent to the use of cookies. Please read our cookie policy above.
Recent Posts
Two Winners From Presents Giftshop in Swinford
Categories
Christmas Festival
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Read MorePrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Always Enabled
Share This
https://www.facebook.com/
https://twitter.com/