http://www.paragear.com/docpages.aspx?pagename=privacy
View Cart
Cart Sub Total
$0.00
faqs
newsletters
what's new
Order a Catalog
Contact Us  -
Order Info  -
About Us  -
Privacy Policy  -
Site Terms  -
Warning
SEARCH
Advanced Search
Products
Order a Para Gear Catalog
Parachutes
Skydiving Specials
New Products
MILITARY
Harness/Containers
Jumpsuits
Headgear
Cameras
Camera Accessories
Instruments
Accessories & Extras
Videos
Knives
Belts
Clothing
Container Extras
Rigging Equipment
Raw Materials
Hardware
Miscellaneous
Gift Certificates
Free Giveaways!
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Para-Gear website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive material or email updates. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.) On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name Address Phone Number (etc.) The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We offer gift certificates by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift certificate is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as email updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be shared with outside parties.. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information You can access/correct/change all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging into your secure Para-Gear account We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can also correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by calling or emailing us. How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 847-679-5905 or send us an email on our Contact Us page.
Account
New? Create Account
Sale CouponsEnter code: PARA5$5.00 off orders over $100.00Enter code: PARA10$10.00 off orders over $200.00Limit - 1 coupon per order----------------------------------Free Giveawayswith every order!