http://www.carterandholmes.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
YES! We Are Open to Visitors During Normal Hours.
Privacy policy
Summary Statement
Carter and Holmes is concerned about your privacy and thus collects minimal personal information.
Personal information that is collected is limited to that which is necessary to fulfill a request or order you have made or to tailor our web site to more specifically meet your needs (personalization).
Fulfilling a request for information may require contact information (e-mail address, physical address, phone, fax, etc.) so Carter and Holmes can send the information to you.
Fulfilling an order will require contact information (name, physical address, phone, credit card number, etc.) so Carter and Holmes can send the ordered items to you or contact you in case of a problem with the order.
Carter and Holmes may store settings on your computer so that our website may be better tailored to meet your needs.
Such settings will not contain personally identifiable information.
For security, performance and tuning purposes, Carter and Holmes maintains logs of all activity that occurs on its servers. These logs are used to identify trends and to correct errors in the system, and are never shared except when provided to third party technical resources to assist in resolving technical issues.
This privacy statement may be updated from time to time to better reflect Carter and Holmes' current privacy policies and to comply with applicable regulations. Regular reviews of this statement by you are recommended.
If you have any questions regarding this statement, please contact Carter and Holmes.
Detailed Statement
This privacy policy sets out how Carter and Holmes Orchids uses and protects any information that you give Carter and Holmes Orchids when you use this website. Carter and Holmes Orchids is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Carter and Holmes Orchids may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What We Collect:
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies:
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Carter & Holmes Orchids PO Box 668, 629 Mendenhall Rd. Newberry, SC 29108 USA.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.