http://www.tommymoloneys.com/legal-and-privacy
Skip to content
Menu
Premium Meats
Sausages
Pork / Bacon
Chicken
Irish Cuisine
Black & White Pudding
Corned Beef
Sausages
Rashers, Bacon & Pork
Smoked Salmon
Irish Mart
Sausages
Gourmet
Chorizo
Gifts
Tommy Moloney’s Privacy Policy
Tommy Moloney’s (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates www.tommymoloneys.com (the
“Site”). Our Company is dedicated to protecting your privacy when you visit or communicate with our site or personnel. The Privacy Policy offered here, offers an explanation regarding any personal data you may provide to us or that we garner from you.
By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this
Policy.
DATA AND INFORMATION COLLECTED
To operate our website it is essential to collect or process certain data and information. Personally identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
The data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Forms filled out on our website allow us to collect information about you regarding the registration you make.
Any data collected from communications to us from you, for any reason.
INFORMATION USE
The personally identifiable information we collect from you allows us to provide you with the Services and to enable users to navigate and enjoy using the Site. We will also use your personally identifiable information to develop, improve and advertise the Site and Services.
We may also use your personally identifiable information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our Services and customer communications.
We may also use the data collected for the following:
We may use the data you provided in order to offer you the information you asked for from our site, in direct relation to our services or products. We may also send information on products we feel might interest you, as long as you have consented to such communications.
Any commitments we made to you may require the use of your information, used only to fulfill your request.
We may use your information to explain any changes our website has undergone such as structural or service/ product modifications, which could affect our service to you. An existing customer may require contact regarding goods or services that were a subject of an earlier sale.
We may use your data or allow third parties to use the data, in order to give you information about unrelated goods or services you may find of interest. We may contact you about these services or goods if you consented to the contact.
A new customer may be contacted by us or a third party if you have consented to such Communication.
If you do not wish communication from our website or a third party you will be given the opportunity to decline said communication. We will not allow your information collected while you were on our site to be used by us or a third party if the consent is withheld. Please understand that we do not share information that is going to identify you to our advertisers. However, on occasion, we may provide them with statistics about our site’s Visitors.
COOKIES
It is possible that we may gather information regarding your computer for our services. This collection of data is used for statistical analysis of our website. Any information shared will not identify who you are, but rather be mathematical data about our visitors and their use on our site. The data does not give out any personal details.
Cookies may be used to gather this general internet data. When used, cookies are downloaded to your computer without prompting. The cookie file is stored on your hard drive, where files are transferred to. This information helps us improve our site and services to you. All computers can block cookies by activating proper browser settings. There is a place to enable you to decline cookies under the options menu. Please note if you decline cookies you may experience limited access to certain areas of our site.
Advertisers can use cookies, which we do not control. If cookies are used they will be downloaded if you click on any advertisement we have on this site.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
If applicable, we may share your personal information with any group member. This will include subsidiaries or holding companies we may work with, as well as their subsidiaries if Any.
Personal Information may be shared with third parties:
If we sell part or all of our business or assets we may share personal information to a third Party.
When legally requested, we may share your information.
Fraud protection and to minimize credit risk may require a sharing of your information.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Third-Party Links to websites on our website are not included in our privacy policy. You will need to check their privacy policy regarding data. We do not accept liability or responsibility for third party links and their privacy policies.
INFORMATION ACCESS
You have the right to access any information we may collect and store about you. If you wish to have access to this information it may be subject to a handling fee, used to cover our costs regarding the information you requested. If you wish to access this data please provide contact details below.
SECURITY
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
CONTACT US
We are happy to receive any queries, comments, or requests you may have regarding our Privacy Policy. Do not hesitate to get in touch.
My Account
My Profile
Order History
Wholesale Accounts
Help
FAQs
Shipping Information
Customer Promise
Contact Us
Home
About Us
Testimonials
Recipes
Sign Up For Exclusive Offers And Promotions.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Contact Us
732-510-5600
Send us an email
Monday-Friday
8am to 4:30pm EST
1 Amboy Avenue
Woodbridge, NJ 07095