http://www.unikeyhealth.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Introducing our New Immunity Formula Blend of Essential Vitamins and Glandulars! Check it out Here
Introducing our New Immunity Formula Blend of Essential Vitamins and Glandulars! Check it out Here
We Respect Your Privacy
Here at Uni Key Health Systems, your privacy is important to us. Please review our privacy policy and the measures we take to protect your personal information. UNI KEY reserves the right to amend portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for any changes. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the personal information collected from the date the revised policy was posted at unikeyhealth.com.
Secure Shopping
When you visit or shop with us, you can feel confident that we comply with industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data. It is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to your order transaction information.
We have partnered with Authorize.net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers. The Authorize.net payment gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing networks (see an online payments diagram). The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.net Privacy Policy. Unikeyhealth.com is registered with the Authorize.net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Personal Information
UNI KEY collects personal information in order to provide you with the services you request and to process and deliver orders. We may also request personal information about you in connection with your use of, or participation in, our website, including through discussion/social media forums, registrations, content/testimonial submissions, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and requests for additional information. For example:
Purchases - When you place an order, we obtain your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address plus payment information.
Non-Purchases - There may be instances when you are not making a purchase at UNI KEY and you give us your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address, and where applicable, payment information, or when somebody else gives us your name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address, and where applicable, payment information. Some situations when this may occur are when you return or exchange merchandise, receive a gift, e-mail a friend from our website or enter a contest or participate in a promotion or survey sponsored by UNI KEY.
Customer Accounts - If you create a customer account on our website so that you may place orders more conveniently, you authorize us to store your name, e-mail, billing and shipping address(es) and phone number.
Catalog Requests - The names and addresses submitted on the catalog request form are used to send the catalog. We also require a phone number or e-mail address in order to contact you if there is an address error or delivery problem.
E-mail Updates - When you subscribe to receive UNI KEY's e-mail updates featuring exclusive offers, product news, special discounts, contest announcements and more, we require your e-mail address. Any e-mail you receive from UNI KEY will allow you to "unsubscribe" from these updates at any time.
Discussion/Social Media Forums - UNI KEY may participate in discussion forums, message boards, social media, chat pages and other public forums or features in which you may provide personal information, materials and related content. If you submit personal information when using these public venues, please note that such information may be publicly posted and otherwise disclosed and used without limitation or restriction.
Customer Service - We also collect personal information when you send us e-mails containing questions or requests in order to respond effectively, and to better serve you when responding to your future questions or requests.
Sharing of Information The information we collect may be used internally to provide you with customized communications and keep you updated on the latest products and promotions that may interest you. Your information is never sold to or shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
Privacy Preferences If you prefer not to receive information as described in this policy, please follow instructions in our emails to "unsubscribe," or contact UNI KEY directly with your request. Please include your full name, email address and phone number. It may take several days to process your request, and in the meantime, you may continue to receive messages.
Uni Key Health Systems, Inc. 181 W. Commerce Drive
Hayden Lake, ID 83835 800-888-4353 info@unikeyhealth.com
Added to your cart:
(-)
Cart subtotal