http://www.plasterfunhouse.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Sign in
My Cart $0.00   Checkout HomeProductsStoresPartiesFundraisingFAQAbout UsContact Us
HomeProductsStoresPartiesFundraisingFAQAbout UsContact Us
My Cart $0.00 CheckoutLogout Terms and ConditionsThese terms and conditions are subject to change without notice.Copyright This site and its contents are subject to copyright. The site material copyright is owned by Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd, or in the case of some material, a third party. The site function and operation copyright is owned by Fireworks Websites.
You may view this site and its contents using your web browser and electronically copy and print hard copies of parts of this site solely for personal, non-commercial use. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of this site is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks This site includes registered trademarks, and other trademarks that are otherwise protected by law. Except as expressly authorised, the use or misuse of any of these trademarks is strictly prohibited.
Included Trademarks and Registered Trademarks are Trademarks of their respective owners.
Disclaimer You agree that your access to, and use of, this site is subject to these terms and all applicable laws, and is at your own risk. This site and its contents are provided to you on "as is" basis, the site may contain errors, faults and inaccuracies and may not be complete and current.
Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied as to the operation of this site or the information, content, materials or products included on this site, except as otherwise provided under applicable laws.
Neither Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd, nor its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, successors or assigns will be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of, or in any way related to, the use of this site and any other site linked to this site. This limitation applies to direct, indirect, consequential, special, punitive or other damages you or others may suffer, as well as damages for loss of profits, business interruption or the loss of data or information.
Viruses Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd cannot guarantee that any file or program available for download and/or execution from or via this site is free from viruses or other conditions, which could damage or interfere with data, hardware or software with which it might be used. You assume all risk of use of all programs and files on this site, and you release Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd entirely of all responsibility for any consequences of its use.
Third Party Sites This site may contain links to third party sites. Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd is not responsible for the condition or content of those sites as they are not under Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd's control. You access those sites and/or use the site's products and services solely at your own risk. The links are provided solely for your convenience and do not indicate, expressly or impliedly, an endorsement by Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd of the sites or the products or services provided on the site. Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd does not permit any linkages to this site without prior permission.
Applicable Law This site is controlled by Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd. Your use of this site is governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of Victoria, Australia. Disputes arising from your use of this site are exclusively subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of Victoria, Australia.
This site may be accessed throughout Australia and overseas. Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd makes no representations that the content of this site complies with the laws (including intellectual property laws) of any country outside Australia. If you access this site from outside Australia, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws in the place where you access the site.
Privacy Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd highly value the strong relationships we have with our customers. The collection of data at Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd is being handled with full and proper respect for the privacy of our customers. The data we collect is handled sensitively, securely and with proper regard to privacy. Plaster Fun House Pty Ltd does not disclose, distribute or sell the data we collect from our clients to third parties.
This site uses a feature of your web browser known as "cookies" to store information and identify you to the system while your on a session. No personal details are contained in the cookies.
Returns Plaster Fun House will provide a full refund for Faulty Goods, Goods not as described. We will provide a refund on change of mind items, with a 20% re-stocking fee off the purchased price. Please read all descriptions, colours, sizes carefully before placing your order. Please note Plaster Moulds category is for making your own items from Plastic or Latex Moulds. Plaster Pieces Category is pre-made white plaster pieces ready to paint. Coloured photos may be shown to display detail however no items are shipped painted. Return postage in all instances is the customers responsibility.      HomeProductsStoresPartiesFundraisingFAQAbout UsContact Us
Shipping InformationPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions facebooktwitteryoutube
Plaster Fun House 1003 Humffray Street South Mt. Pleasant, Victoria 3350 AUSTRALIA
Tel: (03) 5333 2977 Email: sales@plasterfunhouse.com.au Shipping InformationPrivacy PolicyTerms & Conditions Web design by Fireworks Websites