http://www.academystamp.com/privacypolicy.html
View Shopping Cart
Privacy Policy
Academy Stamp and Autograph is committed to respecting the privacy
and security of your personal information. The following U.S. online
privacy policy, updated in February 2011, describes the information we
collect and how we use it. By using this website, you consent to our
privacy policy. For questions or concerns, please email us or contact us
at: Academy Stamp info@academystamp.com   Collecting Information Like many websites, we gather information about how visitors use our
website. In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling
us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We
may track your visit for trends and statistics, but you will remain
anonymous unless you tell us who you are. Once you choose to give us
your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. For more
information, see "Cookies and Pixel Tags" section below. We request information from you (which may include name, address,
telephone number, email address, gender and when necessary, credit card
information) when you: RegisterPurchaseRequest a CatalogRequest to receive communicationsParticipate in  a promotion or other website feature In order to better understand your preferences and better serve you,
we may combine information you give us online with other information
from Academy stamp sources, transactions and communications. This may
include data from Academy stamp stores, direct mail, events, or online
marketing. We may also combine that information with data that is
publicly available and data that we receive from other reputable
sources. This data may include postal address updates and demographic
data. We collect information about gift recipients to fulfill the gift
purchase, respond to customer service inquiries and for analysis
purposes only. All data combined and stored with online data is
protected by this privacy policy. Using Information We may use the information we collect to: Customize and/or personalize your communications and shopping experienceBetter respond to your customer service inquiriesCommunicate with you about your purchase, account information, or customer service needsCommunicate with you about our products and events, and for other promotional purposesImprove our businessAdminister contests, promotions, surveys or other website features If you have purchased a product from Academy stamp and have not
previously registered on the website as of April 19th, 2004, we will
automatically add you to our direct mail (including catalog) list. Sharing Information We do not share. Period. Protecting Your Information We use a variety of security measures, including sophisticated
encryption and authentication tools to maintain the safety of your
personal information. Your personal information is contained behind
secure networks and is only accessible to a limited number of persons
who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep
the information confidential. When you place orders or access your
personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All credit
card information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
technology and then encrypted into our databases to be accessed only as
stated above. Regardless of these efforts, no data transmission over
the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Cookies and Pixel Tags A cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web
browser on your computer. Cookies allow you to place an order on our
website and allow us to enhance and personalize your online browsing and
shopping experience. For example, we use cookies to: Remember the items in your Shopping CartRecognize you when you return to our websiteEnable you to use Express CheckoutAnalyze visitor behavior You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is
being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this
through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer)
settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser
Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookie settings. If
you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make
your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not
function properly. However, you can still place orders over the
telephone by contacting our customer service number at 1.800.806.6453. We also use pixel tags - tiny graphic images - to help us analyze
your online behavior. Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a
format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email
message from us. We may use pixel tags to collect information about your visit,
including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions
taken in connection with our sites and services. We also collect certain
standard information that your browser sends to every website you
visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times
and referring Web site addresses. We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies to
serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect
non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our
website and your interaction with our communications, including
advertising. If you would like to opt-out of 3rd party companies
collecting non-personally identifiable information during your visits,
please click here. Unsubscribing, Removing or Modifying Your Information We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If
you prefer not to receive information from Academy stamp or would like
to update or change your personal information or preferences, follow the
instructions below. Registration Information, Email and Other Subscriptions To modify or delete entirely the information you have provided during registration, please login and update your profile. SMS Messages To unsubscribe from SMS messages, please follow the instructions in the SMS messages you receive. Direct Mail (including Catalogs) If you would like your name and address removed from Academy stamp's
direct mailing list or if you would like to update your mailing
information, you can phone us at 888-267-3867 or email us a request. Be
sure to include your first and last name and mailing address in the
"message" box. Communications in Progress/Sales and Service Information Please note, if you have unsubscribed from any Academy stamp
communications, due to production schedules, you may receive
communications already in production. Also, if you request your
registration information be deleted or if you unsubscribe from
communications, we may maintain information about sales transactions or
service inquiries for future service and record keeping purposes. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. Policy Changes We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We encourage you
to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our
current privacy policy. This policy was last modified in February,
2011. Questions and Feedback We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy.
Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other
issue.
Return to Home
About Us | Privacy Policy | Return Policy | Contact Us
© 2012 Academy Stamp & Autograph. All rights reserved.Website by Amplitude Creative.