http://www.fullspectrumsolutions.com/pages/privacy-policy
icon-account
icon-arrow-right
icon-arrow-down
icon-arrow-next
icon-arrow-prev
icon-slideshow-next
icon-slideshow-previous
icon-comment
icon-heart
icon-cart
icon-close
icon-glasses
icon-menu
icon-minus
icon-plus
social-seach
social-facebook
social-fancy
social-google
social-instagram
social-pinterest
social-rss
social-twitter
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyWe want our users to always be aware of any information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Website Administration
Business Name:     Full Spectrum Solutions, Inc.
Address:     PO Box 1087, Jackson, MI 49204
Phone:    844.783.3800
Fax:     517.783.3802
E-mail:     info@fullspectrumsolutions.com
We respect each site visitor's right to personal privacy. To that end, we collect and use information throughout our website only as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website. For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name: not the e-mail address. The information we collect is:
Used to improve the content of our Web page.
Never shared with other organizations or individual for commercial purposes.
Information collected during ordering: In order to use this website, visitors and/or members are not required to complete our registration form. We require information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and possibly financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). If we have trouble processing an order, we use the information to contact the user. This information is used:
For shipping and billing purposes.
To fill customer's orders.
E-Mail and Direct Mail OffersTo offer you a customized level of customer service, we may also use your mailing, shipping and/or billing address or e-mail address you have provided us to send you special offers from time to time that may be of interest to you.
Choice/Opt-OutUnless you affirmatively opt-out, we will maintain personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not want to receive direct mail, catalogs, email, product- and/or service-specific information and/or general marketing communications, please contact us at info@fullspectrumsolutions.com
Security of Your Transactions
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to: this privacy statement. Conflict ResolutionWe are committed to resolving disputes within 24-48 business hours. If problems arise, users may contact us by
Email
Telephone
Fax
payment-american_express
payment-apple_pay
payment-bitcoin
payment-dankort
payment-diners_club
payment-discover
payment-dwolla
payment-forbrugsforeningen
payment-jcb
payment-google_wallet
payment-laser
payment-maestro
payment-master
payment-paypal
payment-solo
payment-switch
payment-visa
USD
CAD
Search