https://www.airgunbuyer.com/company-policies/
Skip to content
Company Policies
Blackpool Air Rifles – Our Company Policies
For those of you wondering why you should become a customer of BAR, why should you spend your hard-earned with us and not some other internet shop out there, we thought a little summary of what sets us apart may help you decide……
We Don’t!
Vote between ourselves that we are ‘Best Online Catalogue 2012’ and put it on our website to mislead visitors into thinking we have won a genuine award. We were wondering, don’t those kind of votes get made at the end of 2012…?
We Do!
Try our best to create a website that is informative, independent and easy to use, and then hope our visitors decide for themselves that we are the best.
We Don’t!
Post off products, still sealed as the day they left the factory, saving the time and money it takes to unpack and check them, in the name of product freshness.
We Do!
Unpack and thoroughly check each item we send out.
Every gun is checked for cosmetic imperfections and operation (yes, we do sometimes send new goods back as unsatisfactory).
Every scope reticle, turret and mag ring is checked.
Items are then re-packed with extra bubble wrap to ensure a safe delivery to your door.
We Don’t!
Simply push you in the direction of the manufacturer if you have a problem, no matter the value of your purchase or indeed the profit margin in it.
We Do!
Take pride in our after sales service. Our friendly and knowledgeable staff will always seek the quickest and most satisfactory route to resolving your problem. We recognise that our responsibility does not stop when the sale is made. We are here to help, advise and sort stuff out!
We Don’t!
Operate from a desk in our front room, with no overheads other than our web hosting fee and ship out orders direct from the manufacturer.
We Do!
Pride ourselves on being a real gunshop of 25 years standing, run by real airgunning enthusiasts. We are proud to know that many of our internet customers make the journey to visit our shop, have a brew and try out as many products as they wish.
We do believe that in selling you a product online, comes the responsibility of backing up with excellent, knowledgeable and accountable service.
We Don’t!
Grey import products cheaply, with no regard for possible faults or incompatibility with UK laws and markets.
We Do!
Support the sport and industry of UK airgunning. This means we can give our customers the confidence of a full UK warranty with every new product, that every product is within UK power limits, every scope is parallaxed to airgun ranges. We will not have to send your product overseas for repair, leaving you without your kit for weeks.
BAR Returns Policy
For your information, here is our returns policy. You will receive a copy of this policy with every mail order.
As a mail order customer you have a cooling off period of 7 working days after the date of receipt of the goods. During this time you may decide to cancel your order.
If you wish to cancel your order, please inform us as soon as possible. We will require a written notice of cancellation to the company by post, fax or email.
On cancellation of received unwanted goods, the customer is under a duty to return the goods to the company within a period of 7 working days from notification of cancellation.
The customer is responsible for the cost of return of unwanted goods and in the meantime must take reasonable care of the goods.
Goods returned as unwanted must be returned unused and in the original packaging in order to receive a refund. A refund will be given on receipt of the returned goods.
Please note that the definition of unwanted goods does not cover faulty items, and these fall under the terms & conditions of the warranty for that particular item. If you think you have a faulty item, or your goods become faulty within the warranty period, then please contact us immediately.
BAR Privacy Policy
BAR do not provide marketing or customer information of any description to any other company or third party.
BAR operate under the terms of our entry in the Data Protection Register, allowing the Company to store customer information securely.
This information is securely stored for the sole purpose of reference to orders placed.
We may in future contact you for marketing purposes. If we do so, we will comply with all regulations relating to the EU E-Commerce Regulations 2002 and EU E-Privacy Regulations 2003.
BAR Order Processing Policy
Next Working Day Delivery
Online orders requesting Next Working Day Delivery must be placed before 3pm on Monday, Tuesday & Thursday to be guaranteed next working day, and before 11am on Wednesday to be guaranteed next working day.
Orders placed on Friday for next working day delivery, will be delivered on Monday.
Orders placed on Saturday for next working day delivery will be delivered on Tuesday, as the order will be collected by the courier on Monday for next day delivery.
Orders placed on Sunday for next working day delivery will be delivered on Tuesday, as the order will be processed and despatched when we are open on Monday for next day delivery.
Please Note:
In order to prevent credit card fraud, we can only send online orders paid by a credit/debit card to the name and address to which the card is registered. As a matter of course, every credit card transaction is verified to check the card details are registered to the name and address supplied.
Please only supply us with the registered name and address for the credit card being used – this will be your address as it appears on your credit card/bank statement.
This address check service costs us £1.50. Therefore, if the address check we run concludes that the name or address supplied are completely different, we will have to charge £1.50 per subsequent address check to verify your details. We understand that there are sometimes slight discrepancies in postal addresses, and if there is a small difference in your address details, then you will not be charged for a further address check.
Finally, if you would like your order to be delivered to your work address and you can supply us with a faxed company letterhead with your request and signature, then we can deliver to your work address. Please complete your order with your registered cardholder name and address, then email to notify us about your delivery requirements and send your letterhead fax to: 01253 622890. Please supply us with a daytime telephone number so that we can confirm your request.
BAR Procedure For Transactions Not Authorised
If the payment details supplied do not authorise, we will attempt to contact you by telephone or email in the first instance. We will log the details of contact or attempted contact. If we cannot contact you by telephone or email, we will send written notification to the address supplied.
Please note that if the expiry date or CVC security number is supplied incorrectly, the transaction will not authorise and the order will be delayed.
For this reason, we do not repeatedly attempt to gain authorisation for a transaction. We will wait for the customer to contact us.
Cheque Payments
If you send a cheque to pay for your order, please allow approximately 5 working days from the day we receive the cheque. Please note that the funds being taken from your bank account does not mean they have been cleared into our account.
Search for:
Home
Online Shop
Accessories
Chronographs
Craftsman Vit Stocks & Bullpup Kits
LP Gunstocks
Second Hand
Second Hand Air Pistols
Second Hand Air Rifles
Second Hand Scopes
Second Hand Miscellaneous
Shop Catalogue
Accessories In-Store
Air Rifles
Archery Equipment
Bullpup Kits
Charging Eqpt
Chronographs In-Store
Crossbows
Custom Carbon silencers
Custom Parts
Custom Stocks
Gun Security
Junior Rifles
Knives and Multitools
Laser Range Finders
Lasers and Red Dots
Nightvision
Pellets
Pistols
Stocks
Telescopic Sights & Mounts
Theoben Gas Rams
V-Mach Custom Tuning
Weekly Specials
News
Buyers Guide
KalibrGun Air Rifles
About Us
Video Blog
Contact
Newsletter
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Register