https://www.alfredshaheen.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy.  We do not collect your personal information, such as your name, mailing address, or email address, unless you knowingly provide it to us.  Most pages of our website contain a link to this privacy policy, which describes the information we collect and how we use it.  By using alfredshaheen.com or communicating with us by email, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.
We may record your email address if you email us, submit an online form that contains your email address, comment on the website, or opt to receive email notices or communications from alfredshaheen.com.  You may contact us at alfredshaheen@gmail.com to request that we remove your email address from our database.
We will never share your email address or other identifiable information with anyone.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.  When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.  An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
If you visit our login page, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.  When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
There is no uploading or downloading allowed on alfredshaheen.com.
Comments
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by alfredshaheen.com.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. This privacy statement applies only to alfredshaheen.com.
Changes in This Privacy Statement
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. Please visit this page periodically to check our current policy.
If you have any questions, please contact us.
Name(required)
Email(required)
Website
Message
Submit