http://www.millsupply.com/privacy-policy.php
COVID-19 Update: We’re taking all known precautions to safeguard our employees and customers as we continue to operate and process your shipments.
Stepvan
Medium Duty Truck
Motorhome
Auto Body
Snow Plow
Show/Hide Filters
Filters
Mill Supply Home
Stepvan Parts
Snow Plow Parts
Medium Duty Truck Parts
Auto Body Rust Repair Panels
Recreational Vehicles (RV)
Show/Hide Knowledgebase
Knowledge Base
Stepvan Body Guide
Stepvan Chassis Guide
Meyer Diagrams
Repair Panel Identification
Snow Plow Troubleshooting
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our on-line information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected or submitted on the web site.
How We Use Information
The information you provide about yourself is not shared without your permission.
E-mail addresses received are used to answer the e-mail we receive from you, contact you about an order you are placing, and/or provide special offers we feel you may be interested in. Each e-mail advertisement we send has an "opt-out" option if you no longer wish to receive these special offers. The only reason your e-mail address would be advertised is if you gave us permission. (Example: We have a page with our customer step vans. With your permission we will insert your e-mail address in the write up about your vehicle so customers can contact you about your vehicle and your business. Our only intention is to offer you free advertising.)
We may use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web site. (For example, if you came from one of our sites on the web that told what Mill Supply had for 57 Chevy cars, we may keep track of the number of people that came from that site. We do not save the records of who came to the site.)
We will never sell your personal information to any other company. (Example: Names, phone numbers, addresses or credit card information.) In the event of a criminal investigation or a suspected illegal activity, we may be requested by law enforcement agencies to share certain personal information. Finally, we never use or share personally identifiable information provided to us on-line in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Does Mill Supply use cookies?
Yes, Mill Supply uses cookies but only while you are shopping on the site. The cookie is used to remember what is in your shopping basket. Once your order is updated the cookie deletes itself. The cookie will also delete itself if you close all instances of your browser.
To learn more about cookies click here: www.cookiecentral.com/cm002.htm
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us here.
KEEP UP TO DATE
FOLLOW ALONG FOR SALES, EDUCATIONAL
VIDEOS, UPDATES, AND MORE! @millsupplyinc
800-888-5072
Mon-Fri 8AM - 5PM EST
Copyright
©2020 Mill Supply, Inc.
Mill Supply, Inc.
19801 Miles Rd. Cleveland, OH 44128
Mill Supply uses cookies to give you the best shopping experience. If you continue browsing, you agree to the use of cookies.