http://www.builderdepot.com/privacy.ihtml
Sign In|Help
Track My Orders   |
My Account   |
Customer Service
All Departments
ALTERNATIVE ENERGYAPPLIANCESAUTOMOTIVEBATH - PLUMBINGBOOKSTOREBUILDING MATERIALSCOMPUTERS/SW & ACCESS.CONSUMER ELECTRONICSDOORS & WINDOWSELECTRICALFASTENERSFURNITUREHAND TOOLSHARDWAREHEATING & COOLINGHOUSEWARESLAWN & GARDENLIGHTINGMUSICOUTDOOR LIVINGPAINT & DECORPOWER TOOLSSAFETYSECURITYSPORTING GOODSTILE & FLOOR COVERING
Best Sellers ::
COVID-19 Items (Paper, PPE, Sanitizer) ::
Holiday Items ::
Autumn/Fall Items ::
CHECK OUT OUR CLEARANCE ITEMS!
HUGE SAVINGS!
Click Here
Help:
privacy
Browse In:
All Departments
Home
Help
About BuilderDepot
Return Policy
Contact Us
Customer Service
Merchant Service
Privacy Statement
Customer Feedback
Site Features
NEW!! Fan Shop
Shop by Brand
Shop by Department
New Products
Best Sellers
Unique Products
Products on Sale
Clearance Center
Privacy Statement
This is a privacy policy for BuilderDepot Inc..
You provide us the information on a voluntary basis, and you are not required to do so, if you do not wish. The full text of our privacy policy is available on our web site under "Our Privacy Policy" in the Customer Service section.
Users may also opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.
You may contact us by mail at the following address:
BuilderDepot Inc.
PO Box 468
Valley Center, CA 92082
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at
customerservice@builderdepot.com.
You may call us at 760-749-9025.
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms.
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
New Dispute:
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to our web site or to products you purchased through our web site shall be submitted to a confidential arbitration address in Mountain View, California, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate BuilderDepot intellectual property rights, BuilderDepot may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of California, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing by the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
BuilderDepot's liability shall not exceed the amount paid for the subject order.
Additional Information
This policy is valid until terminated by BuilderDepot, Inc.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements").
This policy contains 1 data group.
Group "BuilderDepot"
We collect the following information:
HTTP cookies
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
User's interaction with a page or resource
Search terms
Transaction history
Unique identifiers
Purchase information
Computer information
State management mechanisms
Content
Interactive data
Navigation and click-stream data
At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:
User's Name
User's Home Contact Information
User's Business Contact Information
Third Party's Name
Third Party's Home Contact Information
Physical contact information
Online contact information
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
One-time tailoring.
Anonymous user analysis.
Anonymous user profiling and decision-making.
Historical preservation.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies.
Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Site administration
Completing the user's current activity
User targeting
Pseudononymous analysis
Pseudonym-based decision-making
Research and development
Compact Policy Summary
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="CAO DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa PSAa PSDa HISa OUR DELa IND PHY ONL UNI PUR COM NAV INT DEM CNT STA PRE"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
FieldMeaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
CAO
Access is available to contact and other information.
DSP
The policy contains at least one dispute-resolution mechanism.
COR
Violations of this policy will be corrected.
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
The data is used for site administration.
DEVa
The data is used for research and development.
TAIa
The data is used for tailoring the site.
PSAa
The data is used for pseudononymous analysis.
PSDa
The data is used for pseudononymous decision-making.
HISa
The data is used for historical archival purposes.
OUR
The data is given to ourselves and our agents.
DELa
The data is given to delivery services.
IND
The data will be kept indefinitely.
PHY
Physical contact information is collected.
ONL
Online contact information is collected.
UNI
Unique identifiers are collected.
PUR
Purchase information is collected.
COM
Computer information is collected.
NAV
Navigation and clickstream data is collected.
INT
Interactive data is collected.
DEM
Demographic and socioeconomic data is collected.
CNT
Content data is collected.
STA
State-management data is collected
PRE
Preference information is collected.
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes.
For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment.
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie.
The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium.
In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context.
This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
Note: this evaluation is currently experimental and should not be considered a substitute for testing with a real Web browser.
Satisfactory policy: this compact policy is considered satisfactory according to the rules defined by Internet Explorer 6.
IE6 will accept cookies accompanied by this policy under the High, Medium High, Medium, Low, and Accept All Cookies settings.
Don't Miss a Deal or Special Offer!
Get Email Savings and Updates:
Sign Up
See our privacy policy.
About Us • Contact Us • Customer Service & Policies • Merchant Service • Privacy Statement • Customer Feedback• Return Policy
Copyright © 1999-2020 BuilderDepot, Inc.
Site Designed and Maintained by
Inline Internet Systems, Inc.