https://www.slimmingsolutions.com/terms-conditions.html
Phone orders 0191 2289482 office hrs
My Account
My Basket
Checkout
Slimming Solutions
Diet Pills
Extreme Diet Pills
Fat Burning Diet Pills
Extreme Weight Loss Diet Pills
Fast Acting Diet Pills
Rapid Weight Loss Diet Pills
Best and Safest Diet Pills
Diet aid Pills
Diet Supplement Pills
Effective Diet Pills for Weight Loss
Top Rated Diet Pills
Slimming Pills
Cheap Slimming Pills
Slimming aid Pills
Best Slimming Pills on the Market
Best Slimming Pills without Side Effects
Effective and Safe Slimming Pills
Rapidly Slimming Pills
Recommended Slimming Pills
Safe and Effective Slimming Pills
Slimming Weight Loss Pills
Top Ten Slimming Pills
Slimming Tablets
Slimming Tablets That Work UK
Strong Slimming Tablets
Ultimate Slimming Tablets
Best Slimming Tablets on the Market
Best Slimming Tablets That Work
Cheap Slimming Tablets
Effective Slimming Tablets
Safe Slimming Tablets
Strong Slimming Tablets UK
Tablets for Slimming Fast
Spanx for Women
Spanx Power Panties
Spanx Women
Ladies Spanx
Spanx for Women UK
Panty Spanx
Spanx for plus Size Women
Spanx for Pregnant Women
Spanx High Waisted Panty
Spanx Ladies Underwear
Spanx Shorts for Women
Spanx for Men
Spanx Men
Man Spanx
Where to Buy Spanx for Men
Spanx Underwear for Men
Where Can I Buy Spanx for Men
Spanx Shirt for Men
Best Spanx for Men
Spanx for Men Retailers
Mens Spanx Shirt
Mens Spanx Underwear
Slimming Pills UK
Slimming Pills That Work Fast UK
Slimming Pills That Work UK
Top 10 Slimming Pills UK
Strongest Slimming Pills UK
Strong Slimming Pills UK
Safe Slimming Pills UK
Slim Pills UK
UK Slimming Pills
Best Slimming Pills in UK
Best Selling Slimming Pills UK
Slimming Products
Best Slimming Products
Slimming Products UK
Slimming Products Online
Best Slimming Products in UK
Best Slimming Products UK
Body Slimming Products
Effective Slimming Products
Slimming Products for Men
Slimming Products for Women
Slimming Products in UK
Diet Pills for Women
Best Diet Pills Women
Best Diet Pills for Women over the Counter
Best over the Counter Diet Pills for Women
Diet Pills for Women That Actually Work
Diet Pills for Women That Work
Diet Pills for Women That Work Fast
Diet Pills Women
Most Effective Diet Pills for Women
Safe Diet Pills for Women
Top Rated Diet Pills for Women
Diet Whey Protein Powder
Whey Diet Protein Powder
Best Diet Whey Protein Powder
Cheap Diet Whey Protein
When to Take Diet Whey Protein
Cheap Diet Whey Protein Powder
Whey Protein Diet for Weight Loss
Whey Protein Diet Weight Loss
Whey Protein Powder Diet
Whey Protein Powder Diet Weight Loss
Whey Protein Weight Loss Diet
Slimming Solutions LTD
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Subtotal: £0.00
Search:
Slimming Teas
View all Slimming Teas
Teatox
Pu-erh Tea
Feiyan Tea
Oolong Tea
Mini Cleanse
Slimming Solutions Daytox
Slimming Solutions Sleeptox
Slimmer's Tea Pack
Teatox Plus
Boot Camp Body Active
Shape Up Bundle
The Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Collection
Diet Pills
View all Diet & Slimming Pills
Slim Bomb
Slim Bomb T5 Extreme
Detox Tablet by Slim Bomb
Boot Camp Body T6 Thermoblast
Thermatrim Plus
Fat Burner For Men
Glucomannan
Slim Bomb and Diet Patch Combo
Aloe Vera
Raspberry and Green Coffee Fusion
Pure Raspberry Ketone 600mg
Raspberry Ketone
Raspberry Ketone Colon Cleanse Combo
Slim Bomb Twinpack with Free Detox Tablet
Actislim Platinum
Medoslim
HRI Water Balance
Mini Cleanse
Shape Up Bundle
The Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Collection
Teatox Plus
Shredex
Vegan
View all Vegan
Shapewear
Spanx Shapewear
Spanx For Men
Waist Trainers
Trinny & Susannah
Cette
Belly Bandit
Plus Size Shapewear
Shapewear Clearance
Weight Loss Patches
View all Weight Loss Patches
The Diet Patch
Boot Camp Body Slimming Patches
Slim Bomb and Diet Patch Combo
Teatox Plus
Maple Syrup Diet plus Slimming Patches
Shape Up Bundle
Boot Camp Body Active
Body Wrap and Diet Patch Combo
Body Wraps
View all Body Wraps
Boot Camp Body Wrap
Boot Camp Body Accessories
Wrap Factor De Luxe for Women
Mens Body Wrap
His & Her's Body Wrap Kit
Maple Syrup Diet plus Body Wrap
Boot Camp Body Control
Boot Camp Body Smooth
Body Wrap and Diet Patch Combo
Detox
View all Detox Products
Slim Bomb Detox Tablet
Teatox
Min Cleanse
Lemon Detox Diet Maple Syrup Diet
Lemon Detox Full Hamper
Destination Detox
Lemon Detox Diet Rejuvenation Sensation
Slimming Solutions Daytox
Slimming Solutions Sleeptox
Teatox Plus
Maple Syrup Diet plus Slimming Patches
VLCD/Meal Replacements
View all VLCD Meal Replacements
Meal Replacement Shake by Boot Camp Body
The Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Collection
Mini Cleanse
5:2 Fasting Diet Shakes
Boot Camp Body Pink Shaker Bottle
Boot Camp Body Grey Shaker Bottles
Boot Camp Body Tape Measure
Men
View all Weight Loss For Men Products
Slimbomb For Men
Fat Burner For Men
Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Shake
Mens Body Wrap
Mini Cleanse
Esbelt Slimming Corset For Men
Esbelt Slimming Vest For Men
Spanx For Men Cotton Compression Tank
Spanx For Men Cotton Compression Crew
Spanx For Men Cotton Compression V-Neck
Spanx For Men Zoned Performance Tank
Spanx For Men Zoned Performance Crew
Spanx For Men Zoned Performance V-Neck
Spanx For Men Slim Waist Boxer Brief
Spanx For Men Slim Waist Trunk
Pelham & Strutt Core Long Sleeve
Pelham & Strutt Core Trunks
Equmen Core Precision Underwear Long Trunks
Beauty
View all Body Improvement Products
Up a Cup Breast Enlargement Pills
Varicose Vein Cream
Stretch Mark Erase
Boot Camp Body Cellufreeze
Boot Camp Body Smooth
Boot Camp Body
Boot Camp Body
View all Boot Camp Body Products
Boot Camp Body T6 Thermoblast
Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Patches
Wu Long Tea by Boot Camp Body
Body Camp Body 1 hour Inch Loss Wrap Kit
Boot Camp Body Diet Shake
5:2 Fasting Diet Shakes
Boot Camp Body Cellufreeze
Boot Camp Body Accessories
Boot Camp Body Active
Boot Camp Body Control
Boot Camp Body Smooth
New
View all New
Mummy Tummy Gel
Curves - Male Breast Enlargement
CBD Patch
CBD Pain Relief Cream
CBD Moisturising Face Cream
Ann Chery Dead Sea Mud Mask
Ann Chery Vitamin C Anti Aging Serum
Ann Chery Retinol Moisturiser Anti-Wrinkle and Anti-Aging Cream
Ann Chery Caffeine Cream
Ann Chery Slim Body Wrap
Navigation
Home
Terms and Conditions
Website usage terms, conditions and disclaimer
Welcome to Slimming Solutions website. The terms 'Slimming Solutions', 'our', 'us' and 'we' all refer to Slimming Solutions. who are the registered owners of the website slimmingsolutions.co.uk. The terms 'you', 'your', 'viewer', 'visitor' and 'user' refers to the you, the visitor of slimmingsolutions.com The term 'item' refers to products or services provided by us. The term 'order' is in reference to a single or group of items selected by the user. The term 'checkout' is when the user has clicked to send payment to fulfil an order and is sent to our payment processor.
Your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions
1.1. By using, visiting, accessing and/or registering with our website (or content available through said website), you are deemed to have read, understood and agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions and any terms and conditions outlined in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions then please do not continue to use our website until such time you agree.
1.2. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove parts of these Terms and Conditions any time and without further notice. Such changes will be made effective upon display of the revised changes.
1.3. These Terms and Conditions are binding on all users that access our website, this includes both registered and unregistered users, automated or not, independent or what device or system is used for access.
1.4. We hereby grant you permission to use our website in accordance with the Terms and Conditions provided that you do not breach any term or condition detailed in our Terms and Conditions or our Privacy Policy.
1.5. These Terms and Conditions are exclusively governed by and in accordance with the Laws of the United Kingdom (England, Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales) whose courts will have exclusive jurisdiction in any dispute or proceedings out of use of use of our website or in connection to these Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to pursue proceedings in alternative jurisdictions.
Use of Content
2.1. The content on our website is made available on this site is for your personal, non-commercial use only.
2.2. You may not copy, reproduce or distribute any part of our website without prior written authorisation.
2.3. You will not alter, modify, edit or otherwise change any part of the website other than as may be reasonably necessary to use our website for its intended purpose.
2.4. We cannot provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information, content and materials available via our website for any particular purpose.
2.5. You acknowledge that the content, information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and as such exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors.
2.6. We cannot provide any warranty or guarantee as to accuracy, usefulness, safety, completeness or intellectual property rights for any content provided via 3rd parties.
2.7. Usage of our website is entirely at your own risk and that we do not control any 3rd party content/link which you also use at your own risk.
2.8. Some content available via our website are licensed to us via 3rd parties and as such you cannot copy, reproduce or distribute any content under any circumstances from 3rd parties.
2.9. Our usage of 3rd party content is licensed and is acknowledged on our website when necessary.
Tracking and User Experience
3.1. Our website makes use of various technologies to give you the user a better experience. The technologies in use are also outlined in our Privacy Policy.
3.2. Our ecommerce software makes use of cookies for your convenience, you may choose to not accept our website cookies via your devices browsing preferences but this may have adverse effects on your user experience.
3.3. We make use of 3rd party tools to monitor and track users, typically the data is anonymised but in some cases it can be used to personally identify you.
3.4. Personally identifiable information available to 3rd parties (are by default provided to all websites via your device web browser) include but not limited to information on your device used to access our website, your current IP address used to access to internet.
3.5. Any illustrations, photographs, drawings, graphical depictions or descriptions of items are purely to provide a best effort approximation of the product and may not depict the product entirely or exactly.
Your Details and Membership
4.1. To be able to fulfil orders, you must provide some personal details to us. These details include but are not limited to your: name, address, email address and telephone number.
4.2. By giving us your details to fulfil orders, you acknowledge that it is correct and up to date and any incorrect details provided to us is exclusively your liability including any costs incurred to us making use of any incorrect details or correcting your details with your authorisation.
4.3. Our website gives the ability to order items without becoming a full member of the website, this feature still requires your personal details as mentioned prior. This is called the 'guest checkout'.
4.4. If you choose to use our website without becoming a full member then you forfeit the rights and ability to modify, update, view any information we store on you including but not limited to your personal details and order details via our website. This does not affect your right to request a copy of your information as set out in the Data Protection Act 1998.
4.5. By becoming a member (registering an account with us) you gain the ability to change, update, modify and view information we have stored on you including but not limited to: your personal details and order information.
4.6. By becoming a member you allow us to anonymise your personal data to be used for first hand and 3rd party statistical research. For instance, we could use your delivery country to see which country we have the most customers and to discover trends.
4.7. By becoming a member you allow us (or a 3rd party outlined in our Privacy Policy on our behalf) to market directly to you, this may include solicited or unsolicited telephone calls or emails; you will at the time of the first call or email have the ability to unsubscribe from any further marketing.
4.8. More details are provided in our Privacy Policy.
User Generated Content
5.1. You agree that 'User Generated Content' is any content, creative works, intellectual property, reviews and media that is not created by us or any of our partnered 3rd parties but rather other users of our website.
5.2. You agree to waive your rights to any content, creative works, reviews, intellectual property and media that you provide to us in either physical or electronic form unless otherwise agreed prior to providing it to us except if said content is libellous or against our Terms and Conditions below.
5.3. You agree not to use our website for any illegal purposes and agree to use it within accordance with all relevant laws.
5.4. You agree not to use our website to upload or distribute any computer viruses, macro viruses, Trojan horses, worms or anything else designed to damage, interfere, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer.
5.5. You agree not to use our website in a way that will damage, interfere, interrupt or disrupt the normal functionality of our website this also include any interception techniques.
5.6. You agree not to use our website to upload or distribute any content that is unlawful, in breach of others Intellectual Property, obscene, defamatory, libellous, threatening, harassing, pornographic or hateful against any persons (living or dead) or Companies.
5.7. You agree that in the event of any user generated content being in breach of the above, you have a right to pursue any claim or action independently of, and without resource to us, except you must notify us of the breach so we can put actions into place to remove, delete or modify such content and possibly user.
5.8. You agree not to post advertisements or solicitations of charities, people or businesses.
5.9. If you have any complaints with any user generated content then please contact us and we will take the necessary actions.
Price and Payment
6.1. The price of any product will be as quoted on our website as the time or purchasing except in cases where there is an error in pricing.
6.2. Prices quoted include Value Added Tax (VAT) where necessary but exclude delivery costs.
6.3. Prices may be changed, altered, increased or decreased from without prior warning, notice or agreement and such changes will not affect any past or current orders after payment is taken.
6.4. Order pricing is checked upon dispatch and maybe held or rejected if an error is discovered in which case we will contact you. We are under no obligation to provide the product to you if a mispricing has occurred.
Availability and Delivery
7.1. No order will be dispatched, delivered or fulfilled in any way until clear funds have been received.
7.2. Delivery cost is calculated at checkout.
7.3. Most orders are fulfilled within 24hours of confirmation of order but can take up to 30 days, unless there are exceptional circumstances.
7.4. If your order cannot be fulfilled completely we reserve the right to hold your order until such time or we may partially fulfil your order
7.5. Orders placed before the specified cut off time will be processed the same day and will be delivered in accordance with the delivery option requested provided there are not further security checks required and that the desired product is in stock.
7.6. Orders placed after the specified cut off time will be processed the next (UK) business day.
Cancelation and Termination
8.1. We reserve the right to terminate, cancel or stop any users from accessing our website with no prior warning, notification or reasoning.
8.2. We reserve the right to close, terminate, cancel or stop any user membership to our website with no prior warning, notification or reasoning.
8.3. We reserve the right to stop, cancel, divert or terminate any order made by a user with no prior warning, notification or reasoning.
8.4. If any order cancellation occurs a refund will be given.
Returns Policy
Please see our Returns Policy.
Your Rights
10.1. Your rights are governed by the laws and rights of the United Kingdom (England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland).
10.2. Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations (2000) apply to all personal orders via our website or telephone systems (provided you are not using a public telephone).
10.3. We manage and protect your data as outlined in the Data Protection Act (1998).
10.4. Your Statuary Rights are not affected.
10.5. Where any Term or Condition is in conflict with any rights or laws then that Term or Condition is deemed null and void.
10.6. For any advice or further information about your rights contact your local Trading Standards Department or Citizen Advice Bureau.
Website Disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by us and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website. Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of SSRTP LTD. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Slimming Solutions takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control. The statements made on our websites have not been evaluated by the MHRA or FDA (U.S. Food & Drug Administration). These products are not intended to diagnose, cure or prevent any disease. You should consult with a healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem.
About Us
Full Name
SSRTP Ltd
Company No.
11620312
VAT No.
309605702
Address
Slimming Solutions,Office 13, Armadillo Business Centre, Industry Road, Newcastle Upon Tyne NE6 5XB
United Kingdom
Tel. Number
0191 224 9482
Fax Number
0191 2965710
Email
customerservice@slimmingsolutions.co.uk
Free Program
Why Shop At Slimming Solutions?
At Slimming Solutions, we are completely focused on the quality of our products and our customer relations. Our reputation has grown in our 20 years of trading and we understand the need to provide our customers with top quality, competitively priced products that bring about good results. 85% of our orders are from repeat visitors to the site or from word of mouth recommendations.
Competitive Pricing
Same Day Dispatch
Easy Returns
20 Years in Business
Next Day Delivery Available
Info and Orderline 01912289482
Secure Website
Award winning
Awards
Home |
Delivery |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Returns Policy |
Trade Orders |
Site map |
Contact |
Help
Stay Social
#SlimmingSolutions
Subscribe
Sign up for free weight loss offers
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Secure Shopping
This website and its content is copyright of SSRTP Ltd - © SSRTP 2020. Company No. 11620312. Vat No. 309605702. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer & Consumer Advice:
All testimonies found on this website are 100% genuine. Actual results may vary per individual, and should be used inconjunction with a proper nutritionally balanced diet plan and exercise regime. The statements made on our websites have not been evaluated by the MHRA or FDA (U.S. Food & Drug Administration). These products are not intended to diagnose,cure or prevent any disease. You should consult with a healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem. Our dietary supplements are not recommended for persons under the age of 18 unless recommended by a GP.