http://www.drummaker.com/help/#4waystopay
Drummaker.com
Help DeskChoose Topic to Learn More
Shopping Tips
5 Safe Ways to Pay !
Step by Step Guide to Shopping
Shopping online
Search Help
Guarantees
45 Day Satisfaction Guarantee
Safe Shopping Guarantee
How to Cancel an Order/Item
How to Handle Damaged Items
How to Handle Returns
Our Prices
Policies and More
Our Privacy policy
How long it will take to get your order?
If part of an order is not in stock
Why do you add 5% for PayPal?
Shipping in the USA
Shipping outside the USA
Customs or import taxes outside the USA
Website usage terms and conditions
Website disclaimer
Copyright notice & guidelines
More Questions? Contact Us
Our Telephone, eMail, Address
What the People Say | Contact Us
Copyright © 1999-2015 Drum Supply House USA
All rights reserved. tel 615-251-1146  fax 615-251-1151
Shopping online Each page on this site is designed to lead you intuitively
through the process of finding your items, filling an electronic
shopping cart, filling out an order form, calculating shipping
costs and completing a purchase. It's fun, easy, and you don't
have to buy anything to try it. For a step by step guide on how to find what you want, make
your way through the ordering process, and complete your purchase,
see our step by step guide to shopping here.
For details on how to pay online or off-line, see below.
Back to Index5 Safe Ways to Pay !
Pay Securely Online...We accept Mastercard & VISA (American Express, Discover, and eChecks through PayPal only). Tip: Does your ATM check card have a MC/VISA logo on it? If so, you can use it just like any credit card.
1. PAY BY CREDIT CARDThis is simple and safe. Most of our customers pay this way. Our secure server scrambles your payment
data so that only our computers can decode it. To pay this way simply choose "Credit Card Online" when you get to "Payment Options".
2. PAY BY PAYPALIncluding American Express, Discover, & eChecks! Early in the order process you will be shown a section called "Payment Options"- Simply choose "PayPal". After you submit the final order, our site will provide an easy link to make payment on the PayPal website. Does add 5% to cover the PayPal fees.
...or Pay Safely Off the Internet !Paying for your order online is simple and safe, BUT we also give you options to send us your payment information off the internet. It's your choice !
3. PAY BY CREDIT CARD - OFFlineEarly in the order process you will be shown a section called "Payment Options"- Simply choose "Credit Card Offline" and you will not be
asked for your card information while on the Internet. After you
finish the online part of your order, our site will show you how to telephone, fax or mail your card information to us.
4. PAY BY CHECK OR MONEY ORDERThis option is also shown in the Payment Options section of the order process, just choose "Pre-Pay" and finish your order. After
you're done, our site will instruct you on how to mail your check or money order to us. All return checks subject to a $25 fee.
5. PAY BY CREDIT CARD - ON FILEReturn customers have third option when using our Express Checkout, just choose "Credit Card on file" and we will use the same card information that you entered on you last order here. This is the quickest method as you do not have to re-enter shipping or payment information if nothing has changed since your last order. Your card data is never stored on our web server, instead securely kept on file in our local offline files.
*Credit cards will be charged upon shipping, or pulling of your items to be held under your name. Checks are cashed upon our receipt in our offices
We can ship most orders to any address you enter. However, for your protection there will be cases when we can only ship an order to the actual address on the billing statement or the address printed on your check.
On these occasions, we will contact you prior to shipping.
Back to Index45 Day Satisfaction
Guarantee
At Drum Supply House, we stand behind the quality of our product and we make things right if you are not satisfied with your purchase. Our shipments are carefully inspected before leaving our warehouse, but in the event you are not satisfied with your purchase, simply follow the instructions here. All return items must be in new, unused condition. Take a full 45 days from the day we ship your order to
make sure you are satisfied. If not, you can set up a return on any non *custom item and we will refund its purchase price minus the applicable restocking fee. We will also cover (by sending a UPS Call Tag return label) or refund
shipping costs if (and only if) the return is due to our error or the product is damaged, defective, or incorrect. Otherwise, customer is responsible for all return shipping costs.
All returns subject to a 10% re-stocking fee.
All *Custom items are subject to a 25% re-stocking fee.
All returns after 45 days subject to a 25% re-stocking fee.
No returns after 60 days period.
Randomly refused shipments are subject to 20% re-stocking fee with customer responsible for any return shipping costs.
Please compare our restock fees to those of any other drum parts seller, you will find ours to be the lowest with the most generous time frames.
If a customer chooses to return an item through an expensive "pack and ship" store, instead of using our provided "call tag", the customer will be responsible for paying their extra fees. We discourage this means of return shipping
Credit card purchases will be refunded by credt card credit during the tieme frame available for such. Credir card refund that have extended past the possible timefram for a refund will be refunded by company check. Check purchases will be refunded by company check. PayPal purchases will be refunded by PayPal (minus their fees).All returned products must arrive in our shop undamaged and in original unused condition and re-sellable as NEW. If USED items are returned to us, credit will not be issued and the sender will be responsible for all return and re-shipping costs, plus a $5 handling fee.
Why do we charge restock fees for returns and cancelled items? Banks take fees for each transaction we run. This means even if we get your items back onto our shelves, we have lost money during the original processing and then AGAIN (believe it or not) upon the processing of any credits BACK to your card. This is not even including what we have paid our employees for labor time spent on invoicing, pulling packing, logging etc.. all on your behalf. Thank you for your understanding on these matters.
*The following are considered Custom items: All DIY kits, drumshells and maple BD hoops, bags, custom lugs, non-stock special order items, items modified specifically for your order, etc. Custom items such as drumshells, that have had ANY work or modification done are NOT RETURNABLE.
Back to Index
Why do you add 5% for Paypal?
In response to customer requests we have added PayPal as a means of accepting payment. Some may think this to be a simpler, easier means of payment for all involved, but from our end this is not the case. Paypal may be easier than using a traditional credit card for some users, but from the merchant´s standpoint, there are many downsides.
FEES: Paypal takes a decent cut, they take 3-4% per payment just for using their service. This is a higher rate than MC/VISA.
TIME SPENT: We must manually log in daily and spend much time managing our account, watching for payments, emailing or calling customers who are slow to pay or simply never make their payments despite a pending order and stock held for them, manually transferring funds to our bank account, etc...With traditional credit card, none of these factors apply.
SLOW TRANSFERS: When we, as the merchant, collect our payments from our PayPal account, they take 3-4 business days for the transfer - this slows our cash-flow greatly compared to traditional credit card transactions, which are in our account within hours.
RISKY BUSINESS: Even as cool and easy as the Paypal system is, many new users are not "verified" this greatly increases our risk of chargebacks and losses.These factors combined, make PayPal a less than desirable method of payment for us as the merchant. Still many wish to use Paypal, so the extra fee must be added in order for us to accept PayPal as a everyday means of payment. Otherwise, it simply would not be worth the extra time, trouble and costs for us as a business.
Back to IndexHow to Cancel an Item or Order
IMPORTANT:
**20% Restocking fees will apply to ALL cancellations of custom items already in process as they must be treated as simple RETURN - see Restocking fee info
Some custom items already in process can NOT be cancelled,if considerable costs/efforts have already been spent for your order.
If you wish to cancel an existing order or specific items from an order, you must contact us within 7 DAYS from the day we finalize and process your order.
All cancellations of orders amounting to $100+ may be subject to restock fees to cover the related bank processing losses.
All cancellations after 7 days will be subject to a minimum 10% restocking fee.Unless due to delays of our fault.
Cancellations can ONLY be arranged if we have not yet shipped your items.
Cancellations of international boxes that have already been pulled, packed, shopped for lowest shipping rates, had customs papers prepared, etc..will be subject to a minimum 10% restock fee and treated as a
RETURN
If items have already shipped you must set up a RETURN.
Randomly refused shipments are subject to 20% re-stocking fee with customer responsible for any return shipping costs.
**The following are considered custom items:
All DIY Kits
All Drumshells
Raw Maple BD hoops (not alreaady in stock at our warehouse)
Drum Bags (not alreaady in stock at our warehouse)
Custom Lugs
All Non-Stock Special Order Items
Any item modified specifically for your order Back to Index
How to Handle Damaged or Defective Items
You must inspect your package and contents immediately upon receiving your box from us. If you find any product to be damaged or defective, you must contact us within 7 days of receipt with details, in order for us to help you properly file a damage claim. You must KEEP THE BOX and ALL PACKAGING for possible inspection or pick up by the shipper. DO NOT modify any items in any way as this could void any chances for proper compensation. Any modification of materials done by you will fully constitute your acceptance of those items AS IS. Upon contacting our shop, you will be given further instructions and we will get you all set for any needed replacements. Contact us 1-800-NEW-DRUM from the USA or 615.251.1146 from outside the USA.
Back to IndexHow to Handle Returns You can return any standard product to us. Sorry no returns on custom work items. Restocking fees may apply - See our Satisfaction Guarantee for terms and guidelines. If you wish us to exchange the item for a different item, please make this clear by phone and include a detailed note about this. When returning a product, YOU MUST CALL US FIRST AT 1-800-NEW-DRUM FOR AN RA# and shipping instructions, clearly note the number we give you on the box and mail it to:
Drum Supply House Returns
730 McFerrin Ave
Nashville, TN 37206 USA
Pending inspection, a refund or credit will be issued to you for the value of the item, including taxes. We'll also refund shipping charges if your return is due to a defect or our error (see guidelines). If you believe this is the case, just describe the defect or error in writing on your note included with the return. This way our returns department will be able to make the correct refund. Re-stocking fees will apply. No returns after 60 days period.
Randomly refused shipments are subject to 20% re-stocking fee with customer responsible for any return shipping costs.
Back to IndexSafe Shopping Guarantee We guarantee that every transaction you make at Drummaker.com will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized
charges are made to your card as a result of shopping on our site.
(See the details below) Why are we so confident? Because we use
the same "secure socket layer" (SSL) encryption technology
used by the Internet's most trusted stores. This technology scrambles all your personal information - including
credit card number, name, and address - so that it cannot be read
as the information travels over the Internet. And when that information
arrives here, only our secure computers can decode it. Still don't want to use your credit card on the Internet? That's
OK, we offer several other Safe Ways to
Pay .
Guarantee Details
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable
for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does
hold you liable for any of this $50.00, Drum Supply House will
cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. Drum
Supply House will cover this liability only if the unauthorized
use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own
from purchases made at Drummaker.com while using the secure server.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must
notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting
rules and procedures. Back to IndexHow
long it will take to get your order We make every effort to ship most orders within 7-10 business days, after receiving
your order (Monday-Friday). But these days, things take can take a bit more time than in better economic times past. If you have any deadlines or urgent needs, make sure to let us know the detials.From the time we are able to ship, UPS generally takes 2-3
business days for deliveries on the East Coast, and 3-5 business
days for deliveries on the West Coast. Please contact us directly if you need lead times specific to your order. Backorders have become very common in our niche industry. In some cases a few items may be backordered from the supplier or delayed temporarily awating incoming restock. Please make sure to clearly let us know if you have any rush deadlines so we can stay in touch. (See below for back order info) Please note that Fed-Ex and UPS only delivers on BUSINESS days Monday-Friday - no shipments will be delivered on Sat/Sun, instead on the following Monday. For example, an order shipped NEXT DAY service on a Friday - will be delivered on MONDAY.
Shipments outside the USA can also be delayed if held by your
country's customs or import tax system or if final delivery is
made by your country's postal system. All shipments using USPS
delivery (United States Postal Service) are handed off to your
country's postal system for final delivery.
Back to IndexIf part of an order is Back Ordered Occasionally we are notified by suppliers after an order is made that certain products are manufacturer back-ordered or discontinued.
We will do our best to inform you by E-mail/phone or directly on the invoice included with your package if any products are cancelled or back-ordered. If a product in your order is no longer available, that product
is automatically cancelled, with the remaining products shipped
on schedule. Credit cards will only be charged for shipped products and shipping charges will be reduced if a cancellation makes this
appropriate. Orders paid for by check or money order will receive check refunds. If less than 25% of your order is temporarily back ordered,
that product is automatically put on back-order for later shipment, with the remaining
products shipped on schedule. If a larger portion of your order is on backorder, or
if your order is shipping outside the USA, we may hold the entire shipment for complete
shipping. Credit card orders will be charged for the entire order to stake your claim to
the in stock items. There is normally no extra shipping charge for additional USA shipments due to back-ordered products, We normally cover any extra shipping charges on USA shipments only.
Back to IndexShipping in the USA
From the day we are able to ship, UPS generally takes 2-3 business days for deliveries on the East Coast,
and 3-5 business days for deliveries on the West Coast, to reach
you AFTER leaving our warehouse. UPS does not deliver to PO Boxes
or APO / FPO addresses.
USPS FIRST CLASS MAIL and USPS PRIORITY MAIL (United States
Postal Service) usually take 2 to 3 business days to reach you
AFTER leaving our warehouse.
Please note that Fed-Ex and UPS only delivers on BUSINESS days Monday-Friday - no shipments will be delivered on Sat/Sun, instead on the following Monday. For example, an order shipped NEXT DAY service on a Friday - will be delivered on MONDAY.
Your shipping charges will be automatically shown and included
on the final invoice page. Back to IndexShipping outside the USA
A close estimate of your international shipping charges will be
shown on the final invoice page during checkout on our site. This amount will be charged at the time we ship your order, but as the exact shipping charges are known, we will make any needed adjustments to your charges
(a credit back or an added charge). If you are paying via PayPal, we will let you now of any further payment due or credit back to your account. Please note that a packing/paperwork fee is included in our final shipping charges for international boxes - $5 for small boxes or $10 for larger boxes. Most smaller international orders will be shipped by the below US Postal method. Larger, heavier boxes may ship with FedEx or UPS.
Generally, We prefer to ship international boxes via the following methods, never any cheaper surface method due to possible lost boxes and no available tracking. We are both much better protected this way.
USPS International Express AIR MAIL (United States Postal Service) usually takes
5 to 10 business days to reach your country's national postal system
AFTER leaving our warehouse. How long it takes your country's
postal system to make final delivery depends on the normal speed
of mail delivery in your country and the normal time required
for products to move through your country's customs or import
tax system. (Please expect taxes and duties on your end, before or after delivery)
FedEx International Economy usually takes 5 to 10 days to reach your country's FedEx system AFTER leaving our warehouse. How long it takes your country's FedEx system to make final delivery depends on the normal speed of FedEx delivery in your country and the normal time required for products to move through your country's customs or import tax system. (Please expect taxes and duties on your end, sometimes before delivery or often 2-3 weeks after delivery). We will sometimes be able to collect these fees from you on our end to avoid surprise fees on your end.
Back to IndexCustoms
or import taxes outside the USA We have no control over any customs fees, duties, VAT, GST or import taxes charged when a package reaches a destination country. In most cases, we have no way to know how much these charges may be. We are unable to "mark down" or "devalue" costs in order to help you trick customs into lower fees. The customer who receives the order is responsible for paying all costs associated
with moving their package through their country's customs or import
tax system, and we cannot make refunds to customers who do not
receive shipments because because they have declined to pay these
costs. We recommend that you contact your local customs or import
office for further information on what these charges may be before
you make an order. At times you may receive a bill for the charges separately or some time after your box has been delivered. This is often the case with boxes shipped via FedEx International due to oversized items.
In special cases we may be able to collect these fees on our end before shipping to avoid surprises on your end. Please ask us about this option. Back to Index
Website usage terms and conditions
If you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern [business name]'s relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
The term 'Drum Supply House' or 'Drummaker.com' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is 730 McFerrin Ave, Nashville, TN 37206. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trade marks reproduced in this website which are not the property of, or licensed to, the operator are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States of America
Back to Index
Copyright notice & guidelines
This website and its content is copyright of Drum Supply House USA
©1999-2015. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system. 'the content' incluldes, not limited to, IMAGES, TEXT, PROPRIETARY ITEM NAMES, ITEM DESCRIPTIONS.
Back to Index
Website disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Drum Supply House and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Drum Supply House. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Drum Supply House takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Back to Index
Our Prices All listed prices are subject to change without notice. Due to supplier price changes and occasional errors, there
may be cases where a few of the more than a thousand items on
our website are priced incorrectly. Rest assured, however, that
we verify current prices as part of our shipping procedures. If
a product's correct price at the time of shipping is lower than
our stated price, we charge the lower amount and ship you the
product. If a product's correct price is higher than our stated
price, we contact you for instructions before shipping.
Back to IndexA step by step guide to shopping here 1) Start by clicking on any of the category buttons
(ex. hoops, lugs) on our PartsGuide Online "Browse"
page, or choose a category to "jump to" from the pull
down menu at the top of most pages in our PartsGuide Online. Search
boxes or buttons can be found near the top of most pages or on
the guide bar on the left side of all pages. These take you to
a search page to help you find certain items. 2) Follow the steps shown in the search tool to describe
what you want, then click the FIND button. This takes you to a
page listing products that match your description. (Learn more
about how to use the search tool by clicking the "search
help" link below the FIND button in the search tool.) 3) From the list of found products, click on an item's
name or title to see a page with more information about that product.
Or you an choose to add this item to your Shopping Cart by clicking
the "BUY" button at the left of each listing. 4) The Product Listing and Product Information pages
include "BUY" buttons. Click this "BUY" to put
products into an electronic "shopping cart". You can
then click any of the links or buttons at the top of the page
to return to shopping. You can also just use your internet web
browser's "back" button to return to the page you had
last been on. Products already in the Shopping Cart will still
be there when you come back. 5) When the Shopping Cart has everything in it that
you want, Click the"View Cart" button on the guide bar
of the left of all pages. This will show your current order total
( you can also use this at any time, just to see how much you
have in your shopping cart). You can edit your cart here, by changing
any item quantities or deleting items you do not wish to keep. 6) If you decide to buy, double check your item selections,
then click on the "Check Out" button. Previous customers
can enter their ID and password here to use our Express Checkout
process, avoiding entering all of your personal info ( we have
it on file ). 7) Follow the steps shown on the Customer ID Form. After
the Customer ID Form is complete, click the "Continue"
button. This takes you to a page where you can check to be sure
everything about your order is correct before you finalize your
order. 8) If everything is correct on the "Customer Confirmation"
page, click the "Continue" button. 9) The next page is where you choose your Payment and
Shipping options. Make these choices (if you need help choosing
click the "Details" links), add any special comments
you may have about this order. You will be shown the standard
shipping rate for your order on this page. Click the "Continue"
button. 10) The "Final Invoice" page is next. Make
a final check of all your shipping information, and the other details
shown here, and use the "Make Changes" links if you
need to. Enter your Credit card information at the bottom of the
page (or make note of how to send your payment-shown here if you
chose other payment options) . Click the "Continue"
button to submit your order. And your DONE! Your will receive a confirmation email, and your order will
be in our database and will be processed the next business day.
Back to IndexSearch
Help On our SEARCH page, you can enter specific data to search our
database for. You can enter an Item Number, Item Name, or Description.
You can also refine your search even more by choosing from the
different menus on the page: Category, Type, Finish, # of Holes,
and Size. Tip: to find more items with your search, Keep your
search criteria general.
Back to IndexHow to contact us E-mail
You can also use regular E-mail to reach us.
Please use this link for our contact info:
Contact Us
Telephone Orders
We are here to help. If you don't want to enter credit card information
on the Internet, that's OK, you can telephone, fax or mail card
details to us. But before you do, you must complete the non-payment
portion of your order online. To do this, choose the PAY BY CREDIT
CARD ­ OFF LINE option (shown in the order process). You won't
be asked for credit card details while on the Internet. After
you complete the rest of your order, our site will show how to
telephone, fax, or mail your credit card information to us. For
security reasons we cannot take credit card information by telephone,
fax or mail until after the rest of an order is entered on our
website. Telephone and Faxes (Facsimiles)
Customers in the USA can call us toll free at 1-800-NEW-DRUM (639-3786)
All other customers can telephone us at 615-251-1146.
Anyone can reach us by fax (facsimile) at 615-251-1151. Letters and Packages
Send regular mail and packages to:
Drum Supply House
730 McFerrin Ave. ,
Nashville, TN 37206 USA
Back to IndexOur
Privacy Policy Drummaker.com is committed to protecting your privacy. The
information you enter on our site is held in confidence between
you and us and is used to process your order and to improve your
shopping experience. Drummaker.com does not sell, trade, or rent
your personal information to others. This privacy statement discloses
how the information you provide is used and protected.
Information Collected
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing
address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows
us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your
order status. When you sign up for our free Catalog or other information
services, we never share this information with any other company
or service, we only use this to send the information you requested.
If you refer someone to our site through the Drummaker.com Tell-a-Friend
service, we ask for your e-mail address and that of the recipient
in order to complete your request. We will never disclose or send
promotional e-mail to recipient addresses provided only to the
Drummaker.com Tell-a-Friend service. Use of Information CollectedWe monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help
us develop the design and layout of the store. We personalize
your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our
recommendations about products that might be of interest to you.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify
you about important functionality changes to the Web site,new
items, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you
would rather not receive this information, our order form provides
an immediate option to not receive it, or you can instead send
a blank e-mail message to
and include the words "no news" in the subject heading
of your message. If you use more than one email address,
remember to send this message from each email address that you
have given to us. Protection and Security of Customer Information
When you place an order at Drummaker.com your personal information
and credit card information is safe. That's because we've taken
steps to ensure a secure and superior shopping environment. We
use state-of-the-art secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology
that protects the transmission and storage of your credit card
information. Use of "Cookies"
At times we use a feature of your Web browser to send your computer
a "cookie," a small data file that's stored on your
hard drive. We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal
information from your computer. We use cookies to enhance your
experience at Drummaker.com, and to give you better, more personalized
service once you've purchased or registered. We use this information
for internal use only; we don't share it with others. Third Party Disclosure
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Drummaker.com does
not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales,
traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party
vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying
information. Your Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of
this information by Drummaker.com. If we decide to change our
privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page and also
post a revision notice on the home page. Our goal is to keep customers
aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances we disclose it. Feedback
Drummaker.com welcomes your questions and comments about privacy.
Please send e-mail to
Back to Index
Contact Us
Copyright © 1999-2015
Drum Supply House USA
All rights reserved. tel 615-251-1146  fax 615-251-1151