http://www.namotorsports.net/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Menu
Contact
Gift Certificates
Sign in
or Register
Cart 0
Search
Driver Mods
1-888-863-8988
FREE SHIPPING
MILITARY DISCOUNT
Search
Exterior Accessories
All Exterior Accessories
Brake Caliper Covers
Car Covers
Custom Car Covers
Chrome Accessories
Chrome Fuel Doors
Chrome Side Fender Vents
Fender Trim
Custom Grilles
Bumper Grilles
Fuel Doors
License Plate Relocator
Mud Guards & Mud Flaps
Dually Mud Guards & Mud Flaps
Hitch Mounted Mud Flaps
Mud Guards & Mud Flaps
Roof Racks & Cargo Carriers
Roof Rack Accessories
Roof Racks
Running Boards, Side Steps & Nerf Bars
Side Steps
Trailer Hitches
Hitch Balls & Mounts
Hitch Covers
Truck Bed Accessories
Tailgate Nets
Truck Tailgates
Valve Stem Caps
Wiper Blades & Washer Parts
Wiper Blades
License Plate Frames
Custom License Plate Frames
License Plate Frame Bracket
Logo License Plate Frames
Parts & Accessories
All Parts & Accessories
Car & Truck Parts
Exterior
Interior Accessories
All Interior Accessories
Cargo Mats & Trunk Liners
All-Weather Cargo Mats & Liners
Floor Mats & Liners
Carpet Floor Mats
Custom Floor Mats & Liners
Rear View Mirrors
Rear View Mirrors
Storage Boxes
Under Seat Storage Box
Windshield Shades & Covers
Car Sun Shades
Windshield Snow Covers
Windshield Sun Shades
Performance Parts
All Performance Parts
Air Intake Systems
Cold Air Intakes
Exhaust, Mufflers & Tips
Exhaust Tips
Fuel Systems
Gas Cap
Gear Shifters
Shift Knobs
Specialty Accessories
All Specialty Accessories
Chrome Accessories
Chrome Letters
Chrome Numbers
Clothing
Racing Boots
Racing Gloves
Racing Suits
Trucker Hat
Electronics
AUX Cables
Earbuds
USB Cables
Wire Ties
Miscellaneous
Stickers
Apparel
Beanies
Hoodies
Sweatshirt
T-Shirt
Trucker Hat
Key Fob Covers
Officially Licensed Automotive Gear
Hitch Covers
Key Chains
License Plate Frames
License Plates
Mug Cups
Pens
Tire Accessories
Spare Tire Covers
Wall Shelves
Home
SHOP CATEGORIES
SHOP BRANDS
Specials
About
News
Aftermarket News and Press
Gift Certificates
Sign in
or Register
SHOP BY VEHICLE
MAKE
MODEL
YEAR
SUB-MODEL
Home
Privacy Policy
Communications
Brochure Mailing List
Communications to Serve You
Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
Fraud Protection and Compliance with Law
Service Providers
Special Events
Business Transfers
Cookies, IP Addresses, Pixel Tags and Tracking Technology
Use of Aggregate Information
Links
Security
Notification of Policy Changes
Updating Personal Information
Contacting Us
Q: Communications
If you select during the order process or at other times when you submit personally identifiable information, the information you provide may be used by Driver Mods to create and deliver to you our newsletters, surveys or other communications containing product information. If you prefer not to receive such Communications, please do not select the ‘Please inform me option’. If you do select this option and later decide that you would no longer like to receive these communications, please use the features made available to you.
Q: Brochure Mailing List
If you have requested a Driver Mods brochure, all information is kept completely confidential and is not shared with any third parties. We may, on occasion, send you an updated catalog or brochure. If you do not wish to receive any mail from Driver Mods, please contact us via email at sales@drivermods.com. Include your name and mailing address and email address. You will be removed from any future mailings.
Q: Communications to Serve You
If you have elected to provide us with your contact information, e.g., by registering at the Site, emailing our Customer Service department or placing an order, we may provide you with service related announcements concerning the Site or contact you regarding your customer service requests or your order. For example, all registered users will receive an email to confirm their order. These types of communications are necessary to serve you, respond to your concerns and to provide the high level of customer service that Driver Mods offers its customers.
Q: Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information
We will never provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for their use in marketing their products or services to you without your consent. Driver Mods takes great pride in having you as a customer and we will ensure your privacy as a customer. Driver Mods does not sell or exchange names or any other information about our customers with third parties.
Q: Fraud Protection and Compliance with Law
We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
Q: Service Providers
We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf. Examples include customer support specialists, web hosting companies, fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings), data analysis firms and email service providers. Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
Q: Special Events
If you elect to participate in any promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, questionnaires or other events during your visit to our Site, the rules or terms and conditions for those events may indicate that your personally identifiable information will be shared with third parties. By choosing to participate and submitting your personally identifiable information with respect to such events, you consent to disclosure of your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
Q: Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain of our assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the Site you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
Q: Cookies, IP Addresses, Pixel Tags and Tracking Technology
We may place a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user and personalize your experience. A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. The cookie will be stored on your computer's hard drive until you remove it. We may also use temporary or "session" cookies to help you shop. These cookies will expire when you place an order. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies. If you reject our cookies, you may still use the Site, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features. In addition, we may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use, as well as in combination with your personally identifiable information for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
Similarly, when you visit this Site or view one of our emails, we may use pixel tags (also called "clear" gifs), tracking links and/or similar technology to note some of the pages you visit on our Site and personalize your experience. We may also use pixel tags to determine what types of email your browser supports. We may use the information collected through pixel tags, tracking links and similar technology in combination with your personally identifiable information.
drivermods.com does recognize your ISP (internet service provider), however, we cannot identify you as an individual. If you make an on-line purchase, we do collect information (such as sales statistics and traffic patterns) to help improve your shopping experience. We keep all information confidential.
Q: Use of Aggregate Information
We may use the information you provide in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of the Site, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. We may share or transfer non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.
Q: Links
This Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected on this Site. Our Site may contain links to or from other websites and you should be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites linked to the Site.
Q: Security
Driver Mods seeks to protect the security of your personal information both online and offline. All credit card transactions are secure. Every on-line order is encrypted and sent through a secure server, using SSL technology to prevent information from being intercepted.
Confidential information such as your credit card number will be used only to fulfill your order. To protect your privacy, we will ask you to enter your credit card number and expiration date each time you place an order with us. This way, even if someone else accesses the account information stored on your computer, they won't be able to use your credit card.
E-mail is not encrypted and is not a secure means to transmit credit card numbers. We will only display the last 4 digits of your credit card number on your account.
Q: Notification of Policy Changes
Driver Mods reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy in the future by posting changes at this location and we may make changes at any time without notification.
Q: Updating Personal Information
If you are a registered member at Driver Mods, you can change your personal information at any time by updating your information at check-out.
Q: Contacting Us
We welcome your comments and questions about privacy. Please send email to sales@drivermods.com.
We are confident that your visit to Driver Mods is secure and safe. However, you may choose to call us directly to place your order over the telephone. Please call Customer Service toll free at 888-863-8988.
×
888-863-8988
2761 Saturn St, Unit C
Brea, CA 92821
Email: sales@drivermods.com
Mon - Fri 8 AM - 5 PM PST
SHOP
SHOP CATEGORIES
SHOP BRANDS
CLEARANCE
ABOUT
NEWS
AFTERMARKET NEWS & PRESS
WIKI
CAR OF THE MONTH
INFO
F.A.Q.S
SHIPPING & RETURNS
PRIVACY POLICY
CONTACT US
© 2020 Driver Mods |
Website Design by Peter James Web Design Studio