http://www.thewritersedge.com/privacy-policy
Cart
(0 Items)
$0.00
Versa-Bands
Privacy Policy
Home
About Us
Shop
Private Label
Distributor Tools
Gallery
Contact Us
Blog
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Versa-Band Advertising Specialty
Privacy Policy Statement
This web site belongs to: Versa Bands
Our postal addresses are
2050 W. Warm Springs Road #4511Henderson, NV 89014
We can be reached via e-mail at jim@versabands.com or you can reach us by telephone at: 501.802.2948
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site and about new products or services which may be of interest.
We DO NOT share this information with other organizations.
When a visitor requests a page from within the Ag Source Magazine website, our Web Servers automatically identify and log the HTTP request that is made to our Web Server. This information reveals nothing personal about you. In fact, the only information that we automatically gather and log is as follows:
The IP Address of the Site that may have Referred you.
Your IP Address
The Web Page that you may have linked to us from, if any.
The Product Identifier for Version and Make of Browser (e.g. Internet Explorer 4.5)
The Operating System platform that you may be running (e.g. Macintosh, Safari, Google Chrome, Firefox, Windows, Mobile, iPhone, Android, etc.)
Search Words or Terms that are passed from a Search Engine (e.g. Google, Yahoo or Bing)
With respect to cookies: We use cookies only for general session information. We do not identify specific visitors.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed or requests they have made on-line.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may also receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them . Consumers can access this information by sending us e-mail us at the above address. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above
Versa-Bands
The band that can be stretched over any product or item to provide a fast & easy way to secure your important personal items.
Additional Links
Pricing
Private Label
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Versa-Bands