http://www.lumie.com/pages/terms-conditions
Terms and conditions
All customer orders are subject to these terms and conditions. By placing an order with us you are agreeing to be bound by these terms and conditions of sale. Lumie may change these terms and conditions of sale at any time by posting changes on this website, and without giving you notice. Please check the terms and conditions of sale on the Lumie website before placing any orders, as the terms and conditions of sale current at the time of your order will apply to your order.
Delivery and returns
Orders and payments
45-day trial
Warranty
Errors and omissions
We try to ensure that any information and material on this website is accurate, but we accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by inaccurate information. If you find any inaccurate or incomplete information, please let us know.
General
These terms and conditions of sale are governed by the laws of England and Wales and you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales and agree that any lawsuit must be heard in those courts. If any provision of these terms and conditions of sale is held to be unenforceable, illegal or invalid, those provisions will not affect the balance of these terms and conditions.
Lumie is a trading name of Outside In (Cambridge) Ltd whose registered office is situated at 3 The Links, Trafalgar Way, Bar Hill, Cambridge CB23 8UD incorporated in England and Wales with registered number 2647359.
Privacy and data protection
Lumie respects and safeguards your personal information. Please read our privacy notice which explains in detail what type of information we collect, how we use it, the systems for keeping your personal information secure and how you can check the information we have.
Cookies
This website uses cookies to store information on your local computer. These cookies do not contain any personal information, they are only to improve your website experience. Our cookie notice explains the kind of information that's collected.
Liability
Lumie has no liability (including liability in negligence) to you or any other person for any loss or damage (consequential or otherwise) however suffered or incurred in relation to the Products or caused by or resulting directly or indirectly from the Products or from any failure, breakdown, defect or deficiency of any nature in the Products.
Get news from us
Join us for updates about special offers, our products, light therapy and
wellbeing
Sign Up
45-day trial FOR ALL LAMPS · Free UK Delivery on Orders Over £35