http://www.beadlebugs.com/privacy
Handmade bead and wire insects and other arthropods
Privacy Policy
How we use your personal information
Orders
If you purchase a product from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
We use outside shipping companies to fulfill orders. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Except as required by law or judicial order, we do not share your personal information with other third parties.
Logs
As is true of most web sites, certain information is gathered automatically and stored in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring pages, operating system, and date/time stamp. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link aggregate user data to personally identifiable information.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the option to accept it. You can also set your browser to reject cookies. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site; however, some areas of our site, such as logging in and the shopping cart, require cookies to function properly.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. We do not use persistent cookies on our site unless you log in to the site or use other similar functionality. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time before it expires. You can remove persistent cookies by following the directions provided in your browser’s "help" file.
We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
Christmas Spiders
New / Updated
Favorites
Trending
About
Contact
Shipping & Returns
Log in
cart · checkout
Beadlebugs™ Website and Beaded Bug Designs
copyright © 2002-2020 Christine Ripley and Sean Artman
Privacy Policy