http://www.reflectiveconcepts.com/terms-of-use/
WE ARE OPEN and shipping orders out within 1-2 business days.
Some areas within the Postal Service are greater impacted by COVID19 and may require additional delivery time.
http://www.reflectiveconcepts.com/covid19/
Home
Terms of Use
Last Updated 01/01/2013
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Reflective Concept's relationship with you in relation to this website.  The term ‘COMPANY’ or 'REFLECTIVE CONCEPTS' or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the Reflective Concepts Business.   The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.  The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Limitation of Liability
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Usage
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by us, licensed to us or we have express permission of use. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
From time to time this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of the United States of America.
Reflective Concepts reserves the right to termintate or limit the usage of this website with or without notice.
Trademarks and Copyrights
Trademarks and/or Copyrights, both registered and unregistered are being displayed for illustrative purposes ONLY.  The usage intent is to identify or categorize a particular product.  Children and Minors You must be at least 16 years of age to register on and use this website.  The usage of this website to individuals under 16 years of age is prohibited.
Store Policies Please also view our other store policy links by following them on the botttom of this website page under Company Info and Company Policy.
Pricing and AvailabilityReflective Concepts reserves the right to change pricing to a product at any time, remove a product from the store or refuse an order.  We are not obligated to honor pricing or changes from any typographical errors on this webpage, a vendor/partner site, newsletter or other.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our terms.Changes to our Terms of Use If we decide to change our terms of use, we will post those changes on this page.
Discounts & PromotionsWe may offer Discounts or Promotions either automtically discounted on the website or via a Discount Code with, but not limited to the following restrictions:
The promotion is valid for a limited time only. Reflective Concepts reserves the right to cancel it at any time.
If you do not purchase the qualifying items added to your Shopping Cart when the promotion is in effect, the discount will not apply.  Does not apply to orders placed before or after the promotion.
If a discount code is noted, the promotion is only valid with the use of that code.
The promotion applies only to products sold on the Reflective Concepts website and as indicated in the offer message. It does not apply to the same products sold by Reflective Concepts through other vendors or venues.
May not be combined with other offers.
Excludes custom orders and Gift Certificates.
If you return any of the promotion items, we will subtract your discount from your return credit.
This promotion may not be combined with other offers, including promotional certificates.
Offer good while supplies last.
Void where prohibited.
If you remove any of the promotion items from your Shopping Cart or violate any of the Terms and Conditions, the promotion will be invalid, and the discount will not apply.
See more at: www.reflectiveconcepts.com/sales-events/
Sales TaxItems delivered to an address within New York State are subject to 8% sales tax.
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.   Use our website Contact Form: Contact Us Linkor Email us Directly: sales@reflectiveconcepts.com
×
OK
Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales
Email Address
Shop
Vehicle Graphics
Vinyl Sheets
T-Shirts
Application Tools
Help
FAQ
Color Chart
Shipping Info
Returns & Refunds
General Information
Company
About Us
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Lifestyle
Fan Gear
Blog
Copyright © 2020 ReflectiveConcepts.com. All Rights Reserved.
38 Columbia Ave. Bldg 2. Nassau, NY 12123 Email: sales@reflectiveconcepts.com