http://www.makoti.co.za/privacy-notice
R100 Flat Rate Shipping now applies to all deliveries within South Africa
Christmas Delivery Notice: Orders placed after 18/12/2020 will only ship after we re-open 08/01/2021.
Please click HERE for more information
COVID-19 Notice: Makoti is a Registered Service Provider. All orders will be shipped.
HomePrivacy NoticePrivacy NoticeAt Makoti Down Products we respect your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to www.makoti.co.za, you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information and preferences when you visit certain areas of www.makoti.co.za, request information, or subscribe to the Makoti Down Products newsletter.We will guard the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services. The advertising that we provide on www.makoti.co.za is always tailored to your current, designated preferences.When you provide Makoti Down Products with your name (or alias), e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, and you do not 'opt out’; Makoti Down Products and its representatives and affiliates may use the provided information to alert you to product  special offers, updated information and new services.  Representatives and affiliates may include value-added resellers and authorised training partners. Beyond its representatives and affiliates, Makoti Down Products does not offer or allow the selling of any user-provided information to third parties.Makoti Down Products respects the rights that users give us when opting to receive e-mail communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users.If you do not want Makoti Down Products or its representatives to contact you, you may ‘opt out’ of this preference at any time, whether you're online or contacting Makoti Down Products directly. As a part of your preference flexibility, you'll always have the option to opt back in and have Makoti Down Products contact you based on your previous or new preferences. .If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit most of Makoti Down Products’ website; however, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification.If a user elects to use our “Tell A Friend” application for forwarding a Makoti Down Products e-mail to their friend or informing a friend about our website, we ask them for the friend's name and e-mail address. Makoti Down Products will automatically send the friend the specified e-mail or the specified website information. Makoti Down Products will not use the friend's information to contact them in the future.Makoti Down Products offers free membership to all www.makoti.co.za visitors. In order to establish membership, visitors are requested to provide both personal information and preferences. This information is stored and protected by your user-established Member ID and Password.There is an additional "Remember me" option. By selecting it, you allow Makoti Down Products to store your Member ID and password so you can access certain areas of the website without re-signing in. The sign-in information is stored until you explicitly sign out. It also allows you to return to any Makoti Down Products website on subsequent visits without having to re-enter your information. Makoti Down Products remembers you by placing a log file (cookie) that contains only enough information to identify you upon return visits. A "cookie" is a small line of text that is stored with your web browser for record-keeping purposes and helps Makoti Down Products provide better service to you. Your browser has options to accept, reject, or provide you with notice when a cookie is sent.No information, other than that found in the Membership cookie, will be accessed by any Makoti Down Products system. Access to your membership information always requires both your Member ID and Password.Makoti Down Products also utilises visitor log files (cookies) and hosted tracking with our website. Once a user enters our site, a cookie follows them through their click stream path. Examples of information being collected by these cookies and the hosted tracking include the number of times a user came to our site(s), and the paths they took to get there. Makoti Down Products uses the data collected from website visitor cookies and hosted tracking in aggregate form only and does not collect any personally identifiable information. Use of this information helps us better understand what users are seeking and learning at our website(s) and helps us identify potential navigation issues.We also gauge effectiveness of our communications by inserting transparent GIF images in our HTML e-mails. These GIF files are not unique identifiers and do not gather any personally identifiable information. They simply let us know the number of e-mails that have been opened.How Makoti Down Products will protect your personal informationMakoti Down Products will always protect the personal information that you share with us. Makoti Down Products stores information internally in a controlled, secure environment. If, for example, you make a purchase online, we route all transactions through SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and will process your credit card number only to secure your current payment. The SSL transaction does not retain your credit card number subsequent to the transaction at hand and will not use the number for marketing purposes.We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.If Makoti Down Products requests general demographic information, this information is limited to reporting purposes only; members remain anonymous. Phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and postal addresses are never shared for demographic reports with outside entities. Makoti Down Products may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide an up-front statement to that effect.Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.