https://www.frys.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Middle_Topics/A2DomesticShipping
In-Store Pickup
Our in-store pick up feature allows you to order online 24 hours a day and pick up the order at your nearest Fry's Electronics store. In-store pick up is fast, easy, and free (no shipping charges). Here is how to select in-store pick up.
Simply add the desired items to your cart.
Once you have completed your shopping and are ready to check out, click or tap on "In-Store Pickup."
Enter your ZIP code or city and state to check store availability.
Choose the most convenient store in your area.
If you have a myFry's Account, enter your email address and password. You will then be asked for the security code on your credit card.
If you do not have a myFry's Account, you will be asked to create one at this point.
Enter your email address, name, ZIP code and choose a password.
Click or tap "Create Account."
You'll be asked to review your cart.
If everything looks correct, click or tap "Continue Checkout."
Enter your billing information and click or tap "Continue."
The advantages of creating a myFry's Account are:
Your billing information will be safely stored to make future orders fast and simple
You will be the only one with the access to your account
A history of orders will be created for your review at any time
It's free
Make sure everything looks correct, including the store you'll be picking your order up from, and click or tap "Submit Order."
Write down your order number or print the page for your records.
An order acknowledgement e-mail will be sent to you immediately after submitting your order.
Once your order is ready, a second e-mail will be sent to you confirming your products are ready for pick up.
Print a copy of the confirmation e-mail (or save paper and just pull it up on your smartphone) and bring it to any register of the selected Fry's Electronics store.
PLEASE NOTE: You will need a copy of your confirmation e-mail or quote number, ID, and the original credit card used to place the order at the time of store pick up.
In-Store Pickup FAQ (Frequently Asked Questions)
What does available for In-Store Pickup mean?
In-store pick-up is fast, easy and free (no shipping charge), just enter your zip code or city and state to check store availability. Items available for in-store pick-up may also include demos and open box items. Some items may not be available in all store locations and are subject to a store's confirmation e-mail. On ad items and clearance items may only be available in limited quantities and are while supplies last. For further assistance, please click here to contact one of our friendly Sales Associates.
What is needed to pickup my order when visiting the store?
Simply bring the credit card used to place the order, confirmation email, and ID to any register of the selected Fry's Electronics store.
How long will the store hold my order?
Your order confirmation email will contain the expiration date of your order. Orders containing advertised items are held until store closing on the day the advertisement expires or no longer than 72 hours. All other online orders will be held for the standard 72 hours.
Can I purchase additional items once I arrive at the store?
Yes. Simply select any additional items and bring them to any register with your order confirmation email.
When can I use the In-Store Pickup option?
Frys.com accepts in-store pickup orders 24 hours a day. Click Here for local store hours.
Note: Not all merchandise sold at Fry's Electronics or Frys.com is available for in store pickup.
Can I have someone else pick up the order for me?
To protect you as a cardholder, only the authorized user of your credit card can pick up your order.
What if the product I want isn't available at my local store and I need it soon?
With our Next Day shipping option you can order until 8 P.M. EST and receive the order by 3 P.M. the next day. Click here for details on transit times.
Can I use my Fry's Card to order online for pickup in-store?
In-store pickup is currently only available for customers using Visa, MasterCard, American Express, or Discover to place an order for store pick up. You will need the credit card used to place the order when making your purchase at the store, however you may choose to use a different payment method for the actual purchase.
If the local Fry's Electronics store does not have the item(s) available, can Frys.com ship my order to the store?
If you receive a notice that the item is unavailable at the store you have selected for in store pick up, you may place a new order and have it shipped to your residence or business. Orders may be shipped to your selected address via Ultra Saver, Ground, Second Day, or overnight with our competitive shipping prices. The option to have an order shipped to one of the retail stores from our online warehouse is unavailable.
How can I check the status of my order?
Once your in-store pick up order has been submitted you may check the status of your order at any time. Simply click on Track Your Order, located under myFry's on the top navigation or at the bottom of most pages, then login to your myFry's Account to see your order history or enter your order number and e-mail address.
Where do I pick up my order?
You may pick up your order at any register from the store you have selected. One of our friendly store associates will retrieve the product(s) for you.
What if I can't print out my confirmation e-mail?
If you are unable to print out your confirmation e-mail, you will still be able to pick up your order. Write down the quote number and pick up your order at the selected store (or just pull it up on your smartphone).
How can I cancel my In-Store Pickup order?
Please note that all In-store pick up orders will be canceled if they are not picked up within the specified time given in your confirmation e-mail. If you would like to cancel your order, you can contact your local store and request to cancel the order by providing your order number. Our Store Locator will help you find any Fry's Electronics store phone number.
Can I use a different credit card from the one used to place the order?
Absolutely! You may choose to change your payment method at the time of purchase. Please note that the original credit card will still be required when the order is being picked up for identification purposes.
Can I purchase a Performance Service Contract?
Performance Service Contracts are available for purchase for items that have that service option at the retail store.
How long will it take to receive my confirmation e-mail?
You will receive a confirmation e-mail within 20 minutes of submitting your order. Confirmation e-mail are processed each day from 30 minutes before store opening to 30 minutes before store closing. All in-store pickup orders received by Frys.com outside of these hours will receive a confirmation e-mail just prior to store opening. Click here to view Fry's Electronics Store hours.
jback114