http://www.eazylift.com/privacy
Skip to main content
Menu
Main menu
Home
About EazyLift®
Offices
Contact Us
About Us
This is the privacy policy for EazyLift® Elevators, and its affiliated companies and websites including www.eazylift.com and any other eazylift.com site linking to this document. The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at http://www.eazylift.com/privacy. Users may go to http://www.eazylift.com/privacy for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy.You may contact us by mail at the following address:
EazyLift® Elevators
53 Mesquite Village Circle
Henderson, NV 89012
USA
You may contact us by e-mail at info@eazylift.com, however due to large amounts of SPAM received at that address, we recommend using our online form at http://www.eazylift.com/contact.
You may call us at 702-430-1995.
Dispute Resolution
If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, please contact us using the contact methods above to help you resolve your concern.
Data Collection
Basic information
We collect the following information:
Click-stream data
HTTP protocol elements
Search terms
User's interaction with a page or resource
State management mechanisms
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
Anonymous user analysis.
Anonymous user profiling and decision-making.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents and is non-identifiable by us. This means that there is no reasonable way for the site to identify the individual person this data was collected from. This party agents may be able to uniquely identify an individual. For more information on opting out of this identification, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Cookies
At the user's option (as set in their browser), we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration. The user is allowed to opt-out of this usage.
Research and development. The user is allowed to opt-out of this usage.
Anonymous user analysis. The user is allowed to opt-out of this usage.
Anonymous user profiling and decision-making. The user is allowed to opt-out of this usage.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents and is non-identifiable. This means that there is no reasonable way for the site to identify the individual person this data was collected from.
Cookies are used to maintain your visitation session with our site, as well as provide an identification of your visit. They are also used as part of form entry, to maintain form state, should you submit information on our site.
Personal Information
We collect the following information:
User's Name
User's Home Contact Information
Other User Provided Content
At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:
Third Party's Home Contact Information
Third Party's Name
This data will be used for the following purposes:
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Targeted Advertising and Marketing on 3rd party websites.
Contacting visitors for marketing of services or products. The user must opt-in to this usage.
Telemarketing. The user must opt-in to this usage.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents. In addition, the following types of entities will receive this information:
Delivery services. The user must opt-in to this data sharing.
Others following the same or different practices, if necessary to complete a request.
We request some information, as required, to service user generated requests for literature, information, or contact requests. In the event that the request is for an end-user in a market we do not service, we may pass the request along to one or more manufacturers or dealers so that they may service the request.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
Site administration
Completing the user's current activity
Pseudonymous analysis
Pseudonym-based decision-making
Research and development
You are hereHome
Back to Top
Copyright © 1999-2016, EazyLift® Elevators, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Please review our Privacy Policy for details on information we may collect about you via our website.
Zircon - This is a contributing Drupal ThemeDesign by WeebPal.