https://www.bsgf.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
About Us
Where To Find Our Products
Recipes
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Black Sheep Gourmet Foods - Privacy Policy:
Your privacy is very important to us at Black Sheep Gourmet Foods. With that in mind, we have established and implemented information handling practices for our web site www.bsgf.com that we believe are consistent with the highest standards and best practices of organizations doing business on the Internet. This privacy policy ("Policy") describes the practices that apply to our site, including, specifically, the information we collect about you, when and how we collect that information and what may happen to that information. We have prepared a detailed privacy policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about our practices so that you can make an informed decision about the extent of your use of our site.
• We will not collect personally identifiable information like your name, e-mail and mailing address and telephone number, or credit card numbers ("Personal Information") without your knowledge and permission;
• We will not disclose your Personal Information to third parties unless you have authorized us to do so;
• We will take reasonable steps to protect the security of the Personal Information we collect from you.
Visiting our Site:
You can always visit our site without revealing who you are or providing any Personal Information. When you visit our site, we may collect usage information, but it is anonymous and is not linked to you as an individual. We use this data to better understand things like how our site is navigated, how many visitors arrive at specific pages, the length and frequency of stays at our site, the variety of searches of our site's database, the types of browsers and computer operating systems used by our visitors and the Internet Protocol addresses from which our visitors connect to our site. We use this information to improve our site content and ease of use.
Cookies and Pixel Tags:
We, or a third-party advertiser acting on our behalf, may place a "cookie" or "pixel tag" on your personal computer when you come to the site or visit a site on which we advertise. These devices are small computer files that our computer sends to your computer and that your computer sends back to us each time you make a request from our site. We use these devices to collect data to help us personalize and improve your experiences on our site. The data on your use of our site may be linked to the Personal Information you have chosen to share with us when you register. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. However, you can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit. If you decide not to accept our cookies, your ability to use some features on our site may be impaired.
Third-party Advertisers:
We work with Internet marketing companies to advertise Black Sheep Gourmet Foods on the Internet, and we may have third-party advertisers on our site. Third-party advertisers may use cookies and pixel tags to gather information about the ads you have seen and the types of things in which you appear interested. We do not share any Personal Information about you with these advertisers unless you give us specific permission to do so, separate from any permission you provide during the registration process. These advertisers may use combined information about your visits to our site and other sites in order to provide advertisements about related goods and services that you may be interested in. This privacy policy does not cover the policies or practices of these third-party advertisers.
Personal Information:
If/when you seek information from our site, we will collect Personal Information about you that you voluntarily share with us. We collect Personal Information that is necessary for us to provide you with the services offered on our site. As mentioned, this Personal Information includes things like your name, e-mail and mailing address and telephone number.
How We Protect Your Information:
We are committed to safeguarding your information. For that reason we employ a staff of technology professionals to oversee our site security, and utilize a full range of the best security technology available. Specifically, your information is secured from unauthorized access from the Internet through market leading firewall technology. We also protect the connection between your computer and our server from eavesdropping through industry-standard encryption technology known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL). Depending on your browser, this SSL will have encryption keys of up to 128 bits. To ensure that we fulfill our commitment to safeguard your information, we continually assess new technology for protecting your information to make sure that our information handling practices are in accordance with the highest industry standards and best practices on the Internet at all times.
Contact Us...
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or our information handling practices, you may contact us by email. We will attempt to respond to your questions or concerns within five (5) business days after we receive them. We can also be reached by regular mail at:
Black Sheep Gourmet Foods 920 Coconut Way, Bakersfield, CA 93301
A Special Note about Children:
Minors:
Minors (individuals under 18 years of age) are not eligible to register for or use the services available on our site. We believe that parents should play a central role in their child's online activities and should monitor those activities to ensure that sites visited by their child are respecting their child's privacy. For additional information on protecting children's privacy, visit the Federal Trade Commission's "Kid'z Privacy" page at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/index.html.
About Us
Wholesale
Where To Find Our Products
Retail Order Shipping Rates
Recipes
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Hi, Guest!
Log In or
Register
Your Shopping Basket
Item(s) in basket
Total: $0.00
View Basket »
Shop by Category
Homepage
Gourmet Pickled Vegetables
Gourmet Fruit & Wine Preserves
Gourmet Sauces
Gourmet Stuffed Olives
Search
Advanced Search