http://www.quiltinaday.com/privacy.asp
1-800-777-4852
E-mail Newsletter
Quilt Shop Locator
Our Community
Download Free Pattern
Shopping Cart
Contact
Home
Shop Online
On Sale
Books & Patterns
Notions
Cutting Mats & Tools
Pins Needles & Bobbins
Pressing
Applique Tools
Quilting Notions
NEW! Sewing Machines
Baby Lock
American Home Series
Fabrics & Kits
Rulers & Templates
Thread
AccuQuilt
DVDs
Gifts & Collectibles
Completed Quilts
Clearance & Closeouts
Events
Upcoming Events
Classes and Schedule
TV & Video
Watch Quilt in a Day Videos
Community
Rulers
Notions
Books & Patterns
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Quilt in a Day Our postal address is:
1955 Diamond Street
San Marcos, CA, 92078
We can be reached via e-mail at customerservice@quiltinaday.com or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-777-4852 For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not
the e-mail address (where possible). We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where
possible) of visitors to our Web page, information volunteered
by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site
registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content
of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates
to our Web site, not shared with other organizations
for commercial purposes. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors
preferences, record session information, such as items
that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific
information on what pages users access or visit, record
past activity at a site in order to provide better service
when visitors return to our site . If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the
future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the
above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you
may receive periodic mailings from us with information
on new products and services or upcoming events. If
you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let
us know by calling us at the number provided above. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers
on-line will only receive telephone contact from us
with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with
or have special relationships with any ad server companies. With respect to security: When we transfer and receive
certain types of sensitive information such as financial
or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure
server and will notify visitors
on our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated
information policy, you may contact us at the above
addresses or phone number.
Top . Home . Shop Online . Classroom . Television & Video . Eleanor & Co . Events . Retail Stores . Community . Download Free Pattern
Privacy Policy .
Customer Service .
Contact Us . Gift Certificates .
Wholesale Customers .
E-mail Newsletter . Shipping Info . Sitemap
Copyright © 2007-2020 Quilt in a Day, Inc.