http://www.ironfinder.com/home/return_policy
Sign In
1-949-642-6484  |
CONTACT US
Sign In
Shopping Cart
Order Status
HOME Single Irons
NOTICE: Cookies Not Enabled. Click Here for Details
Choose a Category
Single Irons
Iron Sets
Help Directory
Home
Shipping Information
How To Order
Return Policy
FAQ's
Contact Us
Condition Guidelines
Privacy Statement
Terms of Use
About Us
Related Links
Site Map
7 Iron arrived
-
exactly as described!! Thank you so much - I have missed mine.....
Winifred D.Rockville, MD
Monday, July 8, 2019
Ironfinder Return PolicyBack
100% Money Back Guarantee
Please click HERE to print this page for your records.
Ironfinder, Inc. ("Ironfinder.com", "We", "Our" or "Us") uses reasonable efforts to ensure that all merchandise shipped (both new and used) is what you ordered. However, in the event that you are not completely satisfied - for any reason - we are proud to offer all internet and phone order customers a 100% money back guarantee (excluding shipping/handling charges) on all merchandise sold for a limited time period as further provided below. All sales to in-store customers are final and no returns will be honored.
New Merchandise: For "NEW" merchandise, we offer a 100% money back guarantee of the original purchase price (excluding shipping and handling charges) for a period of thirty (30) days from proof-of-receipt at the customer's location. All "NEW" merchandise must be returned as NEW and UNUSED in the original packaging. If "NEW" merchandise is returned to us in "USED" condition at any time during this 30 day period, then the return will be honored at 50% of the original purchase price (excluding shipping and handling). No return requests will be honored after 30 days.
Used Merchandise: For "USED" (excellent, good or fair condition) merchandise, we offer a 100% money back guarantee of the original purchase price (excluding shipping and handling charges) for a period of five (5) days from proof-of-receipt at the customer's location. This guarantee provides sufficient time to inspect the purchased items and is not meant to be a demonstration period for you to try out the purchased product. Any return request after 5 days but within thirty (30) days of proof-of-receipt at the customer's location will be honored at 50% of the original selling price (excluding shipping and handling charges). All merchandise must be returned in the same condition as originally shipped. If the merchandise has been further used and is not in the same condition as originally shipped, your refund will be reduced accordingly at our sole determination. No return requests will be honored after 30 days.
How to Return Merchandise
A Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number is required before any merchandise can be shipped back to us. You may contact us via email () or phone (1-949-642-6484) within this 30 day period to request a RMA number. The date that you contact us will be used to determine the refund percent not the date we provide you with the RMA number. When contacting us, please provide the first and last name on the order along with your customer number or order number.
Place the RMA number on the outside of the shipping box in an easy to read location (e.g. RMA 3493).
Your return merchandise may be shipped via the carrier of your choice and should be insured for the purchase amount and shipped with a tracking number. ALL RETURNS ARE AT YOUR RISK AND EXPENSE. We do not accept any responsibility for lost or damaged packages being returned to us.
Merchandise returns not shipped within 10 days from issuance of the RMA number will be denied and returned to you (at your cost and expense).
Refunds will be processed within 2 business days after receipt and inspection of returned merchandise by reversing your original payment method.
Ironfinder.com Information
Ironfinder, Inc.
2131 Placentia Ave
Costa Mesa, CA 92627
1+(949) 642-6484 or
7 Iron arrived
-
exactly as described!! Thank you so much - I have missed mine.....
Winifred D.Rockville, MD
Monday, July 8, 2019
WHY SHOP WITH US?
DEDICATED SERVICE
Consult our specialists for help with an order or for selection advice.
Expert Advice >
EASY RETURNS
We stand behind our clubs and want you to be satisfied with them.
Return Policy >
WORLDWIDE SHIPPING
Various shipping options to the US and over 70 countries.
Learn More >
More Info
Quick Links
Single Irons
Iron Sets
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Contact Us
About Us
FAQ
Privacy Statement
Terms Of Use
Site Map
Contact Information
Address:2131 Placentia Ave.Costa Mesa, California 92627 USA
Phone:Local / International:1-949-642-6484USA:1-949-642-6484
Email:Buy from us:
Sell to us:
Business Days / Hours:Mon - Fri 9am to 4:30pm Pacific time
Like us
Copyright © 1995-2020 Ironfinder, Inc. All rights reserved.
×
eMail Address:
Password: 6 to 64 characters
Security Question:
Hint:
O
G
M
What is the COLOR of the MIDDLE character?
Show as B&W
Sign In
Reset Password
Remember me
Cancel
View your hint?
Forgot password?