https://www.rothcheese.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
We at Roth® Cheese (“Roth Cheese,” “we” or “us”), a brand of Emmi Roth USA, Inc., respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.rothcheese.com (the “website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
on the website;
in email, text and other electronic messages between you and the website; and/or
through mobile and desktop applications you download from the website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the website.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means; or
any third party, including through any application or content that may link to or be accessible from the website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use the website. By accessing or using the website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of the website after changes to this policy are posted indicates you accept those changes, so please check the policy each time you visit the website for updates.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of the website. When you register to become a member of the website, enter a contest or promotion or report a problem with the website, you may voluntarily submit personal information that can be used to contact or identify you or administer your account (“personal information”). Personal information may include, but is not limited to name, job title, postal address, email address, user names and passwords, telephone number or other contact information. You may also voluntarily provide information that is about you but individually does not identify you, including, but not limited to, demographic information (e.g., postcode, preferences and interests). We also collect and maintain copies of any electronic correspondence sent to Roth Cheese and responses to any surveys or contest entries that you complete.
Usage Details, IP Addresses and Cookies, Cookies and Other Technologies
As you use the website, our servers automatically record information that the browser sends whenever it points to a website or online service (“Log Data”). Log Data may include, but is not limited to, your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, the web page you were visiting before you came to the website and information you search for or view on the website.
As you navigate through and interact with the website, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
details of your visits to the website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website; and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not identify any individual. It helps us to improve the website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the website according to your individual interests; and
recognize you when you return to the website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. We use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie), other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) and other third-party identifiers. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of the website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to the website.
Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a service offered by Google that generates detailed statistics about a website’s traffic and traffic sources. Google Analytics features that we have implemented include Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Platform integrations, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to present the website and its contents to you;
to provide you with information or services that you request from us;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to notify you about changes to the website or any services we offer or provide though it;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on the website;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated (nonpersonal information) about our users, and information that does not identify any individual or business, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Roth Cheese assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Roth Cheese or Emmi Roth USA, Inc. about the website users is among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information;
with your consent;
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply our terms of use; and/or
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Roth Cheese, Emmi Roth USA, Inc., our customers or others.
Links to Third-Party Sites
The website may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of any other websites you visit.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. You can opt-out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use, including through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps or any other available means (for example, the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) consumer opt out).
Do Not Track Settings
Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your browser to let the sites you visit know that you don’t want them collecting certain info about you. At this time, the website does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “do not track” instructions. For more information, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit donottrack.us.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
All members of the website may review, update, correct or delete the personal information we hold about you. You may send us an email at privacy@rothcheese.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. To provide a copy of this information, we will ask you for a small fee.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of the website who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@rothcheese.com or write us at: 657 Second St., Monroe, WI 53566.
Children Under the Age of 13
Children under the age of 13 may not use the website for any purpose. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at 608-328-2122.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
International Transfer
Your personal information may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to Roth Cheese, please be advised that we transfer personal information to the United States and process it there. Your consent to the policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions from this policy at any time. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Your continued use of the website following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: privacy@rothcheese.com
This Privacy Policy is current as of January 5, 2015.
Recent Posts
The Ultimate Step-by-Step Holiday Cheeseboard Guide
Easy Halloween Snacks
How to make the perfect cheeseboard
Four Perfect Summer Salad Ideas
SIX Simple, Comforting Grilled Cheese Sandwiches
Categories
Cheeseboards
Events
Food
Guides
Infographic
News
Newsroom
Pairings
Recipes