https://www.smythson.com/us/terms-and-conditions-privacy-policy.html
We're delighted to safely welcome you back to a selection of our stores. For more information, please click here.
To ensure your gifts arrives in time for Christmas, place your order by December 18, and your personalised stationery by December 13.
Home
Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
www.smythson.com
is owned by and operated by Frank Smythson Ltd ("Smythson", "we", "us , "our").
Frank Smythson Ltd
Registered in England and Wales
Registration no. 3594597
Registered Office: 24/25 New Bond Street, London, W1S 2DE
VAT number: GB719267022
We value your privacy, so we've laid out our privacy policy below to enable you to understand how Smythson will collect and use your personal information. It clarifies our
A. Privacy Policy
B. Cookies & Pixels Policy
C. 'Share' tools
A. Privacy Policy
1.How will my personal information be collected?
We may collect your personal information when you:
Register or use smythson.com (the "website")
Register at a till point in a Smythson store
Register or use Smythson's in-store WiFi, in any ot our stores
Contact Smythson by telephone or email
Enter any prize draws or competitions run by Smythson
Complete any forms for transactions, employment or other purposes
Sign up for an email newsletter
2.What personal information may be collected?
In addition to personal details such as your name, date of birth, address,email and telephone number, we may also collect:
Details of transactions or orders you make at Smythson, whether in-store or via our website
Details of your shopping preferences, such as your favourite products and which of our stores and stockists you prefer to shop with
Details of your visits to our website, in-store WIFI and the resources that you access
Details of when you contact Smythson by email, post, social media or telephone (please note that we may keep a record of this correspondence)
Any other information from which we can identity you, or which is available on public registers
Email open and click behaviour
With your permission, we retain your personal information, preferences and details of your transactions to keep you informed by email, post, phone and/or through other digital means (including social media) about products and services (including special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on) offered by Smythson.
We may also use your information to:
Maintain and update your account details if you set up an account via our website or one of our in-store services (e.g.a change to your address, order information or marketing preferences)
Improve and tailor the content and appearance of the website to ensure that the most relevant content is presented to you
Administer any prize draws or competitions run by Smythson. Please refer to the specific terms and conditions tor each prize draw or competition
Carry out assessment and analysis (for example market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the products and services we offer
3.Where and how will my information be shared?
We do not sell any of your personal data to third parties. However, whilst providing our services to you, we share your data with the following categories of companies:
Companies involved with the payment and logistics of your purchase, such as payment service providers (e.g. Paypal, our warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies
Professional service providers who help us run our business,such as website hosts and marketing agencies
Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevent on agencies, in an effort to prevent fraud
Third party sites approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us)
As our website contains links to third party websites, the information you provide will be subject to the third party's privacy policy, as well as this privacy policy. Smythson assumes no responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of these websites.
4.How long will my personal information be kept for?
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary tor the purposes set out in this policy. Please note that different retention periods apply tor different types of data. Once data reaches its disposal date it will be deleted from our systems, physically destroyed or put beyond use it not permanently deleted.
5.What rights do I have relating to my personal information?
You have the following rights relating to your personal information:
Be informed about how your personal information is being used
Access the personal information we hold about you
Request a change to the personal information we hold about you
Request that we delete your data.stop collecting or processing it
Unsubscribe from marketing communications
Make a complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office
6.How can I unsubscribe and/or request a change to my personal information?
You may request to unsubscribe from our communications or have your details changed or deleted by contacting our customer service team directly via
enquiries@smythson.com
or
0808 164 1801.
You may also unsubscribe by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in any communication that we send to you by email. Please also note that while your request is being processed, for a brief period you may continue to receive communications which are already on their way to you.
7.Credit card transactions
Your full card details are not recorded or stored in our database.We collect only the final four numbers of your credit or debit card along with the expiry date and cardholder name to enable you to select that card when making future purchases.They are encrypted and are transferred securely to one or more third party payment service providers for immediate authorization. Once we have received authorization from the payment service provider we will confirm your order.
8.Phone calls
We may record calls that you receive from us or make to us. We do this to establish facts and evidence tor business transactions and to assess the quality ot our interactions with customers.
We will keep the recording tor five years. A request can be made for a copy of the recording under data protection legislation and is known as a "subject access request". You can make this request by contacting our customer service team directly via
enquiries@smythson.com
or
0808 164 1801.
9.Job applications
By providing us with personal data contained in your job application form and/or resume you are giving Smythson the consent to processing your details for work-finding purposes.
The Conduct Regulations state that candidates’ application forms and CVs must be kept for at least one year from the date of their creation and at least one year after the date on which you last provided services to the company.
The Asylum & Immigration Act states that copies of any documents (e.g. Passports & Right to Work Visas) must be kept for at least three years after an employee ceases employment.
10.CCTV at our stores
By entering our stores, you are giving Smythson your consent to the reasonable operation of CCTV for the purposes of crime prevention and detection, and other appropriate uses.
11.International transfers
To deliver products and services to you, it is sometimes necessary for us to share your data outside of the European Economic Area. This will typically occur when service providers are located outside the EEA or if you are based outside the EEA. These transfers are subject to special rules under data protection laws.
If this happens, we will ensure that the transfer will be compliant with data protection law and all personal data will be secure. Our standard practice is to use ‘standard data protection clauses’ which have been approved by the European Commission for such transfers.
B. Cookies & Pixels
To improve your experience on smythson.com, we use cookies tracking pixels and web beacons. A cookie is a piece of data that our website automatically transfers to the hard drive of your computer or mobile device when you access the website and is used to:
Access stored information when you log into your account with us
Carry information from page to page of our website
Store site preferences and the items in your shopping basket
Identify whether you have visited our website previously
Monitor the number of times you’ve visited smythson.com, where you browse and what you’ve purchased
Offer you tailored content
When accessing any page on smythson.com for the first time, a banner informing our use of cookies is displayed. By accepting the cookie policy you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
It is possible to adjust your cookie settings and remove cookies at any time through your browser settings. You can find links below to the instructions of the following browsers:
Internet Explorer
Chrome
Firefox
Opera
Safari
Please note that if you do disable cookies, you may not be able to access all the services on smythson.com.
Tracking pixels and web beacons work in a similar way to cookies and allow us to gather information about your behaviour on our site.
The following data may be collected each time you visit smythson.com regardless of whether you are logged in to your account:
We make an effort to keep up to date there may be some delay in moving software supplier. We endeavour to a selection of supplier which may not be complete.
PURPOSE
SUPPLIER
EXPIRATION IN DAYS
COOKIE/PIXEL
Analytics
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics. This appears to be a new cookie and as of Spring 2017 no information is available from Google. It appears to store and update a unique value for each page visited.
Google Analytics
1
_gid
This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It appears to be a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites.
0
_gat_UA-974865-16
This cookie name is associated with Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. By default it is set to expire after 2 years, although this is customisable by website owners.
730
_ga
Performance
This domain is owned by Mircosoft - it is the site for the search engine Bing.
bing.com
390
MUID
This domain is owned by Atlas Solutions which is in turn owned by Facebook. Atlas is an online advertising business, targeting users through tracking their web activity. From September 2014 the company re-launched under the ownership of Facebook, promising the ability to reach known users and target adverts based on profiles generated using Facebook's user data.
atdmt.com
730
ATN
This domain is owned by Doubleclick (Google). The main business activity is: Doubleclick is Googles real time bidding advertising exchange
doubleclick.net
390
IDE, test_cookie
This domain is owned by DC Storm, which provides third party analaytics, tracking and tag management solutions.
dc-storm.com
365
rmuid
This domain is owned by Facebook, which is the world's largest social networking service. As a third party host provider, it mostly collects data on the interests of users via widgets such as the 'Like' button found on many websites. This is used to serve targeted advertising to its users when logged into its services. In 2014 it also started serving up behaviourally targeted advertising on other websites, similar to most dedicated online marketing companies.
www.facebook.com
0
also includes Instagram
Contains browser and user unique ID combination, used for targeted advertising.
90
fr, _fbp
Genie Goals are our PPC agency; This is to track PPC performance and to improve results for this channel
genieventures.co.uk
30
__cfduid
Linkshare/Rakuten are our Affiliate partner. This cookie is to track performance and to improve results for this channel
linksynergy.com
365
rmuid
Online chat funtion
Olark
0 - 730
_okck, _okgid, _oklv, olfsk, _okdetect, _okbk, wcsid, _okcs, hblid, _ok
Web site personalisation and product recommendation engine
Nosto
1460
2c.cId, nostojs
0
nostoskipcache, nostodev, nostorecotrace, nostopreview
Bronto is our email partner. They use cookies and tracking pixels in our emails to evaluate and improve performance.
Bronto
-
pixel
Internal cookie that identifies the best domain for writing other Bronto cookies.
Session
br_t_l_d
Session-specific cookie that is used with the super cookie. This cookie tells Bronto whether to attribute the data in the Super Cookie to the current conversion or whether the browser has been closed.
bs_t_bc_
Cookie used by multiple tracking functions in Bronto. A contact identifier, your Bronto site identifier, and the delivery identifier
20 years
bs_t_
Contact identifier. Encrypted user-specific cookie that stores and is used with direct update.
du_
Contains encrypted site ID and is only used when your account using Advanced Conversion Tracking.
Legacy Conversion Tracking Encrypted String
Contact identifier, site identifier, list identifier, segment identifier, delivery identifier, message identifier, and delivery type.
Configurable
tid_
Computer and connection information
Browser information, operating system and platform details
The time/s you accessed our site
We may use an IP address to identify and gather broad demographic information about you, which we will use to help detect fraud, identify problems, web administration and for other marketing purposes. Our email service provider includes tracking pixel in emails. If you don’t want tracking pixels in email please contact customer services at customer.services@smythson.com.
If you have provided us with an email address, we will be able to associate this email address back to your previous browsing and purchase experiences. If you log in, then in addition, we will be able to associate your log in with your billing addresses, delivery addresses and your payment details.
Sometimes we may ask for your consent to use your information for particular purposes (e.g. to send you marketing communications). Where we do so, this consent will be our legal basis for our use of the information. You can withdraw your consent at any time and we will then stop processing your information for that purpose. If you wish to withdraw your consent, then please contact us using the details at the end of this notice, for email please use the unsubscribe link.
C. Our 'share' tools
We know you love to share content we have on smythson.com. Please be aware that social networking sites, like Facebook and Twitter, might send cookies. We don't control the setting of these third-party cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact Customer Services
EMAIL US    Call Us