http://www.stubbsbbq.com/en-us/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce knows your privacy is important.
Please read this section of our website to learn more about Stubb’s philosophy and privacy policy.
We understand that the protection of privacy is a major concern for most of our consumers. For several years Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce has worked diligently to gain your trust by producing a premium product with a big BBQ taste and all the while keeping the health of our customer in mind with all natural ingredients. To build on our relationship, Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce wants you to understand a little bit about how our website interacts with the consumer and how we will use the information gathered when you visit our website. By using our services and viewing this Site, you are consenting to the information collection, use and disclosure practices described in this privacy policy.
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that this Site is hosted on our computer servers in the United States. Any personal information collected through this Site may be transferred to the United States and other countries that might not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. Your use of this Site or submission of any personal information will therefore constitute your consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce may gather the following types of information:
Personal information given voluntarily while using a feature of this website, for example, during a registration process or purchase, including name, address, phone number, e-mail address, birth date; financial information, such as credit card number
Information gathered as a result of voluntary participation in a survey or poll, or when communicating with our webmaster or customer service Team Members
Information gathered when visitors register for a sweepstakes contest on our website.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce will not sell or otherwise share personally identifying information with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide services to you at your request, or as required by law.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce will share this information with certain business partners to provide requested service that we do not provide directly. Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce will only share personally identifying information with these business partners if they agree not to disclose the information to other parties and agree not to use this information to solicit.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce may share summative data collected through its website that does not personally identify any party with our research partner, and may from time to time share this type data with other business partners.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
Also, if you participate in any blog or other online forum on our Site, any personal information that you post on the website may be shared with other participants in the forum. In any of these situations, the recipient of the personal information may be located in the United States or another jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home country.
From time to time, Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce website users may be asked to participate in voluntary surveys and polls. As a part of this process you may be asked to supply personal information such as demographic information and lifestyle preferences. These surveys will be strictly voluntary and you can choose to disclose this information or not.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce may use information gathered through its website for the following general purposes:
To customize content delivered to you
To contact and provide service to you as well as improve the overall delivery of Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce services
To conduct research for other purposes related to Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce core business. In no case will Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce use personally identifying information for its own use or the use of any other party, except to provide the services you request or as required by law.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce only reviews usage of our online content in the aggregate (meaning information summarized into large groups of users with no personally identifying information) to determine the most popular website features and to help us develop new content and service ideas.
Parents should always supervise their children while online. Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce website is not designed nor intended to collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen. So that we may comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, we ask that children under the age of thirteen not provide any personal information on this website.
This website contains several links to other websites (predominately shelters across the United States) which are not controlled by Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce. We have attempted to choose our linked partners with great care; however, Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce is not responsible for the privacy practices of any linked site. You should read the privacy policy of each linked website to understand the related policy. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected through Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce website.
Stubb’s Bar-B-Q Sauce has attempted to take all reasonable steps to have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to protect personal information gathered through this website. This includes compliance with related federal regulations and may include use of industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our web sites, and you do so at your own risk.
Questions and Comments
We value our customer’s perspective and welcome any feedback that you may have. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us through the customer service line.
×
×
Own this spice?
Set up your Flavor Profile or log in to:
Add this spice to "My Spices"
Create a more personalized experience
Manage your spices in Flavor Profile
Sign up with Facebook
Sign up with email
No spam ever! Read our privacy policy
×
This spice has now been added to your Flavor Profile, under "My Spices".
Ok, got it!
No spam ever! Read our privacy policy
×
Are you out of this spice?
Yes, I'd like to buy more
No, I'd like to remove
Cancel
×
Are you sure you want to remove
from My Spices?
No
Yes