https://www.arbortechtools.com/online-shop-faqs/#return-policy
Customer Service
Be sure to check out the sections below for answers to some of the most commonly-asked questions
ORDERS & PAYMENTPurchase Options
Order online directly from our website
Pick up from our office
Buy from selected retailers who stock Arbortech tools – visit our Finder a Dealer page to see our retailers
Ordering Online
You can purchase directly from us, simply go to the official Arbortech Online Store here – www.arbortechtools.com/arbortech-online-store/. All product prices are exclusive of any shipping costs. Orders received between 8.00am – 5.00pm (WST) Monday – Friday will be processed and shipped out within 24 hours. Any orders placed after our normal business hours will be processed and shipped the next business day.
Pick up
For local Western Australian residents we offer the option of local pick up at our office in Malaga. Please call (08) 92491944 to let us know your order in advance. We will have this ready for your collection by the specified time. We accept cash and also have EFTPOS facilities on our premise for payment. We accept Mastercard and Visa.
Retailers / Dealers
The Arbortech range of products are stocked at various retailers. To find the nearest dealer in your area please click: Find a Dealer
Order & Payment FAQs
What payment methods do you accept?
We accept Mastercard and Visa. Your card will be charged prior to goods being shipped. If you are a local Perth customer and would like to pick your order from our office we accept credit cards as well as cash.
What currency are the product prices charged?
If you are an Australian or New Zealand resident you will be charged Australian dollars (AUD), if you are a resident from the USA or Canada, you will be charged USD. For any other countries outside these regions you will be charged AUD.
How long does it take to process my order?
Your order will be processed and dispatched within 1-2 business days of the order being received.
RETURNSReturn Policy
We offer 30 day returns for refunds on all items purchased through the Arbortech online store. However, please choose carefully as we are unable to cover the cost of return shipping/ freight.
Eligibility: In order to be eligible for a return, items must be unused, unopened and in their original packaging. Returned item(s) must be back at Arbortech within 30 days of receipt.
How to Return: To initiate your return process, simply email sales@arbortech.com.au with your original order notification email and the item you wish to return. We will respond with an official email on how to make the return.
Your Refund: Once received, your refunded amount will show in your account between 5-10 business days.
Return FAQs
What if my product is faulty?
Please visit Warranty Information below.
I ordered the wrong item. Do you allow me to return it for the correct one?
Yes you can however it is under the provision that the item(s) must be in its original packaging, unopened and unused. Please note that you are responsible to pay the return shipping cost back to us and also bear the shipping cost when we send you the correct item.
EXCHANGESExchange Policy
We’re unable to process exchanges at this time. In this case, we advise you to return your original product and place a new order for the item(s) you would like, alternatively we can offer you a store credit that is valid for 3 months. However, please choose carefully as we are unable to cover the cost of return shipping/ freight.
Eligibility: In order to be eligible for a return, items must be unused, unopened and in their original packaging. Item(s) must be back at Arbortech within 30 days of receipt.
How to Return: To request a return, send an email to sales@arbortech.com.au with your order number and item(s) you wish to return. You will receive an email from our Customer Service team with instructions for sending back your item(s) to our facility.
WARRANTY INFORMATIONWarranty
All Arbortech products are thoroughly inspected and tested prior to packaging.
Arbortech provides a 12 month limited warranty on the motor and/or mechanism of our products from the date of original purchase. This covers Mechanical and Electrical Components* to be free of defects in workmanship and or/ materials. This excludes consumable items such as belts, blades, blade bolts, brushes, brush arms and dust boot.
Please note that this warranty does not apply where:
Unauthorized repairs have been carried out
Repairs are required due to normal wear and tear
There is evidence of misuse, unauthorized alterations or improper maintenance
The Product has not been used in accordance with the manufacturer’s instructions or specifications provided with the Product.
Arbortech makes no warranties, representations, or promises as to the quality or the performance of the product other than those specifically stated in this warranty or Operator’s Instruction Manual.
Click here to go to the product registration form.
Warranty FAQs
How do I make a Warranty Claim?
Customers can return faulty goods to Arbortech with their receipt, within the Warranty period for a repair, replacement or refund. Where goods are faulty, a warranty claim form needs to be submitted online, click here to submit a warranty claim form.
SHIPPING & DELIVERYShipping
We will ship your product(s) as soon as possible once your order has been processed. All orders are shipped from our distribution centers in our 3 operating regions. Once an order has been placed in the online store you will be sent a notification email with a tracking number. For Australian orders, please allow 5 – 8 business days for your order to be delivered.
Customs and other import duties and fees may be applied to international orders when the shipment reaches its destination. Such fees and charges are the responsibility of the recipient and vary from country to country. Failure to remit payment of import fees may result in the abandonment of the shipment and will result in the forfeiting of refund and replacement options. Shipping times may vary based on the shipping location.
Shipping FAQs
How much does shipping cost?
The shipping charge is calculated based on the weight of your purchased items and the region your order will be shipped to. You can find out the shipping cost by adding all of the items you wish to purchase to your shopping cart and then complete the subsequent page of filling in your shipping address. You will then reach the “Billing” page and the shipping cost will be displayed.
How long will it take for my order to be delivered?
Shipping delivery time varies depending on which country you are ordering from and the package is going to. Generally you can expect your order to be delivered between 5-8 business days.
SECURITY & PRIVACYSecurity & Privacy FAQS
Is my information safe when using your website?
Yes. We use SSL encryption technology which means your information is safe and protected when using our website. Please refer to our privacy policy.
How do you use my personal information when I am on your website?
We do not collect any personal information when you are browsing our website. If you do enter your personal information for ordering then this information is used in the strictest manner to only process your order and send you our email newsletters if you have opted in to subscribe to such mailings.
Do you sell my information to third party vendors?
Arbortech does not share or sell any of our website visitors or customer’s details with any third parties. Where we do collect information we make this explicitly known to the user.
If you cannot find the answer to your question on this page, please contact us.