http://www.pinemeadowgolf.com/privacy
Flat-Rate Shipping  $6.95
See Details
Testimonials
100% Guarantee
Talk to a real person!
1 800 309 6878
Browse All Products
Drivers & Woods
Hybrids
Irons
Wedges
Putters
Bags & Carts
Accessories
Grips
Complete Sets
Left-Handed
Brands
ZR 3.0
PGX
Excel Monterossa
Command Factor
Command
DoubleWall™
Pinemeadow Excel
PRE
Realtree® Collection
Yukon
ZR1
Gift Certificates
Hot Deals
Sale
Closeout
Pre-Owned Clubs
- 35% Off
Help
Customer Support
Contact Us
Satisfaction Guarantee
1-Year Warranty
Shipping
Returns
Track Your Order
Get Custom Fit Online
Golf Clubs 101
1. The Basics of Golf Clubs
2. Technical Specs of Golf Club Heads, Shafts & Grips
3. Custom Fitting Golf Clubs
4. Game Improvement Golf Clubs
5. Golf Club Clones vs Brands
6. Why Buy Golf Clubs on the Internet?
7. What Golf Clubs Should You Buy?
8. Golf Club Terminology & Definitions
Testimonials
FAQ
About Us
Newsletter
Start Here
Custom Fitting Wizard
Golf Clubs 101
Clones vs. Brands
Get Answers
Contact a Golf Guru
Shop by category
Drivers & Fairway Woods
Hybrid Woods & Irons
Irons
Golf Wedges
Putters
Golf Sets
Golf Bags & Carts
Golf Balls & Accessories
Grips
Gift Certificates
Hot Deals
Monthly Deals
Clearance
Pre-Owned Clubs
Customer Support
Customer Service
Contact Us
Get Answers
Guarantee
Warranty
Shipping
Returns
Pinemeadow Golf Privacy Policy
Pinemeadow Golf is committed to respecting your privacy. The following sets forth our information gathering and usage
practices for this Web site.
Information Gathered At This Web Site
Pinemeadow Golf automatically collects anonymous information about usage of this Web site. When you visit this Web
site, we identify the browser you are using, the internet service provider you are using, the pages you visit at our
site, and other information of this kind. None of this information identifies you personally.
To facilitate shopping on our site and to speed up browsing we may collect certain anonymous information from users of
this Web site by using "cookies."
A cookie is a small file that your browser stores on your hard drive or temporarily
in your computer's memory. Cookies help you move more quickly through our Web site. If you do not want to accept
cookies, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to alert you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to
disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie from this Web site, some parts of this Web site may perform
less efficiently and some parts may not perform at all.
For instance, it is not possible to purchase products from our
web site without using cookies.
On certain pages of this web site you may voluntarily provide us with names, addresses, phone numbers, fax numbers,
e-mail addresses, credit card numbers and similar information. Pinemeadow Golf respects your privacy and the importance
you place on your personal information. We have taken every precaution with the security of your credit card numbers,
address, and other information as it is sent across the Internet. Pinemeadow Golf takes precautions to protect your
personal information, including allowing access only to those Pinemeadow Golf employees with a need to know and using
available technology and encryption to provide a secure environment and to prevent unauthorized access.
For more
information, see Why shopping on the Net is Safe.
Internal Use of Information
We store on our server the information you provide us, as well as the anonymous information that is automatically
collected.
We may use the anonymous information to understand better how this Web site is being used.
We may use personal information that you have voluntarily provided to provide the goods or services that you have
requested, to adjust this Web site to your personal preferences, to send to you via e-mail or postal mail newsletters,
new product announcements or other information that we feel may be of value to you, and for other similar business
purposes.
Sharing of Information With Third Parties
Pinemeadow Golf may share the information collected at this Web site with its subsidiaries and affiliates for use as
described in the "Internal Use Of Information" section above. Pinemeadow Golf does not share any of this information
with third parties except marketing companies engaged by Pinemeadow Golf to conduct marketing campaigns or promotions
under the direction and control of Pinemeadow Golf.
Pinemeadow Golf maintains ownership and control of this
information.
Opting Out
You may at any time opt out of receiving further communications via e-mail. When you receive an e-mail from us, you will
be given the option of replying with an instruction to delete your name from our e-mail list. Please note, however, that
you may be added again to our e-mail list if you subsequently participate in other promotions or submit further personal
information at this Web site.
Modifications of Our Policy
From time to time, we may modify our Privacy Policy. Such modifications will be effective on the date that we post the
modified Policy on our Web site.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or about this Web site in
general, please contact us at privacy@pinemeadowgolf.com.