https://www.snowboard-asylum.com/help
Home
Help
HelpCataloguesContact UsDemo For FreeGift CardsWorkshopServicingAdvanced RepairsSnowboard Tools & ServicingDIYDelivery & ReturnsUK DeliveryInternational DeliveryReturnsHelpShopsWishlistSpeak to the teamChatYour OrderDeliveryReturnsTrack Your OrderUseful InfoPrivacy PolicyTerms & ConditionsFAQsDo you accept vouchers for online/mail order purchases? We are currently unable to accept vouchers online but are hoping to do so in the very near future. In the meantime, please read the following:We do accept vouchers but the original voucher must be posted to our Mail Order department to be validated against your order. There are 3 ways to do this; You can place your order online and pay in full. You will be given an order reference number that you should write on the gift voucher and send to the address below. Your card will then be credited for the value of the voucher upon its receipt.Alternatively, you can call us on +44(0) 808 164 8720 and place your order over the phone. You will be given an order reference to write on the voucher and we will take card details for any difference that needs to be paid. Again, the voucher would need posting in.Finally, you can send your voucher with a covering note advising what items you wish to purchase. You should also enclose card details or a cheque payable to The Snowboard Asylum for any difference in cost and a daytime contact number should we need to contact you. We would also need your billing address and delivery address if different.You need to bear in mind the value of the voucher(s) when you post it to us, and send via an insured and trackable service. We cannot be held responsible for any vouchers that are lost or damaged during transit.I have a voucher that has expired. What can I do? We can re-issue vouchers for a maximum of 6 months past their original expiry date. If your voucher is more than 6 months out of date it cannot be re-issued. To re-validate your voucher, please send it to Customer Services, Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports, FEB Logistics, PO Box 491, Salford, M5 0AE. You must bear in mind the value of the voucher and ensure you use the appropriate postage service to send them back so that they are fully covered in transit. They are treated as cash so you must use Special Delivery with Royal Mail, or an equivalent service. It is your responsibility to get them to us safely. We are not responsible for vouchers that have gone missing in the post.Vouchers can only be extended once, and only by 6 months from the original expiry date.If you want your new vouchers to be insured when posted out, you must pay £5.45 postage. You can pay by cheque, payable to Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports, or we can take the postage out of the voucher itself. i.e. if you send a £40 voucher without postage paid, you will receive a voucher back for £34.55. If you don't pay postage, they are sent at your own risk via normal letter post. Please make it clear when you post your voucher back if you want the new voucher insuring.How can I pay? We accept payment by Visa, Mastercard, Maestro, Visa Electron and American Express. You can also pay by Paypal, cheque (payable to Ellis Brigham Mountain Sports) or by credit note/gift voucher. Cheques take 10 working days to clear and the order will not be posted until this time.My payment has been declined but I have definitely entered the correct details. Our website is very secure and if you have entered your billing address incorrectly your payment will be declined. This address must match the one on your bank statement. If your IP address country is different to the country your card is registered to the payment will also be declined. Many businesses route through an overseas server, so if you are shopping from work and your payment has been declined, this may be the reason. If you are having trouble paying, we can take your order over the telephone. Please call +44(0) 808 164 8720 (The Snowboard Asylum) to place your order.Can I order something that you don’t sell? If you want us to order something for you that we don’t sell, it will be non-returnable so you need to be sure the size/colour/specifications meet your needs. Payment for special orders is required up front and there may be a special order fee. We cannot guarantee specific delivery times for special orders.Do you sell spare parts? We don't stock spares but let us know what you need (size, left/right, model, year) and we will find out if we can help.Can I get a refund in one of your shops for my online order? Yes – please take the goods along with your delivery note to any one of our stores and they will process your refund for you. The item(s) must not have been worn and must have the original packaging/labels. Underwear/climbing hardware/Blu-Ray discs and DVDs cannot be returned.Can I get a refund for sale items? Yes – Mail Order purchases are covered by our normal terms and conditions for returning items, so you have 28 days to return them for a refund/exchange. The item must not have been worn and must have the original packaging/labels. Underwear/climbing hardware/Blu-Ray discs and DVDs cannot be returned.How much is the delivery charge? Our flat rate postage charges can be found on our Delivery & Shipping page.If your destination is not listed, we will quote on an individual basis and the charge will be determined by the size/weight of the parcel. We will offer as many options as possible (TNT, Royal Mail, DPD/Interlink Express). You can get an estimate for Royal Mail using their Price Finder here: www.royalmail.com/price-finderDo you offer express delivery? If you call +44(0) 808 164 8720 before midday, and the item is in stock in our warehouse, there is a chance you may get it the following day. Overnight delivery is not available to 2-day delivery areas. You must tell us at the time that you need overnight delivery. This does not apply to orders placed via our website.How long will it take for my item to be delivered? Normal delivery times within the UK are 3-5 working days. If an item is not available in our warehouse we will source it from one of our stores which may delay your order. If items are needed by a particular date, please let us know so we can do all we can to get your order to you in time. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee specific delivery dates for foreign orders.Do you ship VAT free to the Channel Islands? Yes - Simply enter your postcode in to the address finder and we will automatically recognise that you are from the Channel Islands.
Our Partners
© The Snowboard Asylum Ltd 2020