https://www.wickerwarehouse.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
Questions? Call 800-274-8602 Mon-Fri-9-4:30, Eastern Time. Family Run since 1978 — Call to speak with a “Live Person” 5 days a week. or email us - sales@wickerwarehouse.com anytime! Si habla español, presione aquí
Shop With Confidence, Read our Reviews
Contact
Login
Join Now
Cart 0
Questions? Call 800-274-8602 Mon-Fri-9-4:30, Eastern Time. Family Run since 1978 — Call to speak with a “Live Person” 5 days a week. or email us - sales@wickerwarehouse.com anytime! Si habla español, presione aquí
Search:
Search:
Family Run since 1978
Contact
Login
Join Now
0
Click For Menu Bar
Menu
Home
Outdoor Resin Wicker FurnitureMid Size Resin Wicker Patio Furniture
Full Size Wicker Patio Furniture
Contemporary Outdoor Furniture
White Resin Wicker Furniture
Outdoor Resin Wicker Sectionals
5 Piece Resin Wicker Chat Sets
3 Piece Resin Wicker Chat Sets
Outdoor Resin Wicker Sofas
Outdoor Resin Wicker Love Seats
Resin Wicker Chairs & Ottomans
Resin Wicker Rocking Chairs
Resin Glider Chairs & Love Seats
Resin Wicker Chaise Lounges
Resin Wicker Coffee, Cocktail & End Tables
Outdoor Resin Wicker Patio Dining Sets
Resin Wicker Dining Chairs
Dining Tables
Bar Height Dining
Resin Wicker Bars & Bar Stools
Serving Carts
Swing Chairs & Porch Swings
Resin Wicker Planters & Plant Stands
Furniture Covers
BenchesIndoor Wicker & RattanMid Size Seating
Indoor Wicker & Rattan Full Size Seating
Indoor Wicker and Rattan Sectionals
3 Piece Chat Sets
Sofas
Sleeper Sofas
Love Seats
Swivel Glider Chairs, Glider Love Seats & Sofas
Rattan Swivel Rockers Chairs
Recliners
Wicker & Rattan Chairs
Indoor Rattan Rocking Chairs,
Chaise Lounges
Wicker Cocktail & End Tables
Wicker Console or Foyer Tables
Wicker Dining Sets
Wicker Dining Chairs
Rattan Dining Sets
Rattan Dining Chairs
Rattan Dining Tables
Rattan Dining Sets with Casters
Bar & Counter Height Dining Sets
Bar & Counter Stools
Wicker Plant Stands
Screens & Dividers
Children's FurnitureReplacement CushionsSpun Poly Replacement Cushions, Mid Size
Full Size Replacement Cushions
Sunbrella Replacement Cushions, Mid Size
Replacement Throw PillowsWicker Trunks, Cabinets & TV StandsTV Stands
Wicker Trunks & Chests
Wicker CabinetsWicker Bedroom FurnitureBedroom Collections
Dressers
Night Tables
Headboards
Daybeds
Mirrors
TV Stands
Wicker LampsBathroom FurnitureWall Shelves & Racks
Wicker Hampers
Wicker Bookcases & Floor Shelves
Wicker Cabinets
Mirrors
Waste Baskets & Step Baskets
Tissue Box Covers
Stools
Benches
Vanity TrayDesks, Vanities & File CabinetsWicker File Cabinets
Desks
Writing Tables
VanitiesBook Cases Shelves
Book CasesShop by Brand - Lane VentureLane Venture
South Sea Rattan
Classic RattanClearanceView All
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective date: January 10, 2019
Wicker Warehouse Inc. ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.wickerwarehouse.com website (the "Service").
Our mailing address is:
Wicker Warehouse Inc.195 South River StreetHackensack, NJ 07601
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.wickerwarehouse.com
We can be reached by e-mail at sales@wickerwarehouse.com Or you can reach us by phone at 800-274-8602 9:00 am Through 5:00 pm Monday – Saturday.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Periodically throughout the year, Wicker Warehouse may generate e-mails describing updates, product sales and/or other information regarding our products. If you do not wish to receive these e-mail updates please let us know by visiting us at. www.wickerwarehouse.com/optout/noemail
When you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on special sales or products. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by visiting us at. www.wickerwarehouse.com/optout/nomail
You also may receive mailings from other reputable companies that may offer products similar to that of Wicker Warehouse Inc. You can, however, have your name put on our do not-share-list by visiting us at. www.wickerwarehouse.com/optout/donotshare
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will make sure that your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders that they have placed with Wicker Warehouse.
Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address or e-mail us at. names@wickerwarehouse.com
Upon request we offer consumers the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in their contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address or e-mail us at. names@wickerwarehouse.com
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Network Advertising
Wicker Warehouse may use third-party advertising companies for marketing, remarketing, advertising and promotional purposes, as well as to serve advertisements to you. Using third-party advertising companies helps us and third-party advertisers better determine which advertisements or content to serve to you. For example, the third-party advertisers may use information regarding your visits to the Web Site and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services, that third party advertisers believe will be of interest to you.
The types of information that may be collected by third-party advertising companies include the following:
The type of Internet browser you use;
The type of computer operating system you use;
The domain name of a Web site you visit, as well as information related to Web sites and Web pages you are viewing when an advertisement is requested;
Whether or not you visit specific pages of the Web Site or other Web sites;
The location of your Internet service provider's point of presence;
The date and time of a visit to a Web site;
Search keywords passed from another server;
The number of times you have clicked on an advertisement; andOther interactions between you and a Web site.
Use of Data
Wicker Warehouse Inc. uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Wicker Warehouse Inc. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Wicker Warehouse Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Wicker Warehouse Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: sales@wickerwarehouse.com