http://www.palossports.com/privacy.cfm
1-800-233-5484
ALL CATEGORIES
FITNESS
P.E. EQUIPMENT
AWARDS
ADAPTED PE
WEB DEALS
HELP/FAQ'S
ORDER INFO
QUICK QUOTE
QUICK ORDER
REQUEST CATALOG
DIGITAL CATALOGS
Shop By Category
Fitness
P.E. Equipment
Adapted
PE
Awards
Web Deals
Digital Catalogs
Request a Catalog
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Palos Sports, Inc.
Our postal address is:
11711 S. Austin Ave
Alsip, IL 60803
We can be reached via e-mail at Contact Form or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-233-5484.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes Customer's IP Address and Page Referrer.We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
You may sign up to receive our monthly newsletter. We do not collect demographic information and your e-mail address is not distributed to any third party.
When you check out, you will have the option of saving your personal and payment information on file. This will allow you to utilize our "express" checkout feature when you order again. This action voluntary by you and provided only for your convenience.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart and Credit our Affiliate Partners for Referrals they make. This information is reviewed by the PalosSports.com developers to analyze shopping trends and make improvements to the website.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Home • Browse • Web Deals • Order Info • Quote Requests • Contact Us • About Us • Palos Sports Privacy Statement • FREE Lesson Plans • Sourcewell
Palos Sports • 11711 S. Austin Ave. • Alsip, IL 60803 Phone: 800-233-5484 Fax: 877-800-5973 Copyright © 2020 Palos Sports - All Rights Reserved.