http://www.requestatest.com/terms-and-conditions
×
Continue Shopping
View Cart and Checkout
0
Menu
Home
How It Works
About Us
About Us
FAQs
Affiliate Referral Program
See Why People Love Us
Tests & Pricing
Test Packages
Test Categories
Locations
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Request A Test, Ltd. is a direct to consumer lab test provider that offers discounted laboratory testing services through our national laboratory partners.  When you purchase a test, you agree to be bound by the following terms & conditions:
Changes to Terms & Conditions
Request A Test reserves the right to make any updates or changes to the Terms & Conditions at any time as deemed necessary. Updates to the Terms & Conditions will be effective immediately upon posting. Continued use of the website following any changes indicates acceptance and agreement to the updated Terms & Conditions.
Patient/Physician Relationship Disclosure
By using this website, you agree that you are not forming a doctor/patient relationship with Request A Test or any ordering physician. You agree that you are requesting these tests through an online service upon your own volition and that we will not diagnose or provide any medical attention above general interpretation of lab results. You agree that Request A Test assumes no responsibility for any lifestyle changes made after consultation with a Customer Service Representative or with a lab attendant.
Request A Test works with PWNHealth to meet your testing needs. PWN Health is an independent healthcare provider network that provides oversight services to you in connection with the laboratory testing that you have requested. PWNHealth and its services are independent from the laboratory and from Request A Test.
By using this website, you agree that you accept the PWNHealth terms that can be found at
www.pwnhealth.com/self-pay-terms-of-use
Medical Consultation
You acknowledge and agree that a lab test purchased through Request A Test does not constitute medical advice. Your test results are not a diagnosis, treatment, or cure for a disease. You understand the results come from the lab as is with no guarantee or warranty over the accuracy or medical interpretation. You must take the results to your physician or another medical professional for any further steps as far as diagnosis or treatment.
Medical Emergencies
NOTE: IF YOU ARE EXPERIENCING A MEDICAL EMERGENCY, CALL 911 IMMEDIATELY. REQUEST A TEST DOES NOT PROVIDE OR FACILITATE EMERGENCY SERVICES.
Furthermore, Request A Test does not provide professional medical assistance or a diagnosis based on test results or symptoms. Individuals with any health conditions requiring medical attention should immediately consult with a physician or medical professional.
HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability)
Request A Test will follow the guidelines set forth by HIPAA. This is an act that requires all medical records or other health identifying information to be kept confidential whether collected electronically or orally.  If you have authorized the disclosure of your health information to someone who is not legally required to keep it confidential, it may no longer be protected by state and federal confidentiality laws.  In order to facilitate testing and provide results, the customer gives consent for Request A Test to access all information regarding their testing.
Reportable Testing Disclosure
You acknowledge and accept that the testing laboratory and Request A Test may be legally mandated to report any abnormal or positive test results to the local health department in your jurisdiction. This includes STDs. For any questions about reportable test results call your local health department or Request A Test at (888)732-2348.
Refund Policy
To cancel your order, you must submit your request by calling Request A Test at 888-732-2348 or submitting your request via email to customerservice@requestatest.com.  Please allow 24-72 hours for us to process your request.
Refund Policy: For orders not redeemed at the laboratory.
Payments for COVID-19 IgG Antibody testing orders (including medical consultation fees) are non-refundable, non-transferable, and cannot be substituted for other types of testing.
For all other testing, from the date of payment until 90 days, a full refund to the original form of payment.
After 90 days until 1 year from the date of payment, a credit for further testing is available. This credit is not transferrable and must be used prior to 1 year of the initial order date.
Orders which are more than 1 year old are considered void, may not be redeemed for service and are no longer applicable for refunds or credits of any kind.
General Informed Consent for usage of our physician oversight services
I agree to receive the services provided by PWNHealth (the administrative services provider of the professional entities), PWN Remote Care Services, PW Medical Professional, and certain other affiliated professional entities (collectively, “PWNHealth”, “we” or “us”) relating to ordering laboratory tests (“Tests”), including, without limitation, ordering of Tests, test review services, testing, receipt of Test results (“Results”), physician consultations via telemedicine (“Consults”), any customer support or counseling and any other related services provided by PWN or its service providers and partners (the “Services”). All clinical Services, including Services provided by physicians, will be provided through PWN Remote Care Services, PW Medical Professional or their affiliated professional entities.
I acknowledge and agree to the following:
I am the individual who will provide the sample for the Test(s) that I am ordering.
I am at least eighteen (18) years of age.
I have read and understand the information provided about the Test(s) that I am requesting at the website where I am requesting the Test(s) .
In order to utilize the Services, I must provide an appropriate sample for the Test(s), which may include blood, urine, saliva, or other sample.
The information I have provided in connection with the Services is correct to the best of my knowledge. I will not hold PWN or its health care providers responsible for any errors or omissions that I may have made in providing such information.
My health information and results may be shared with other PWN health care providers, including physicians, and counselors for purposes of providing care to me.
The Services do not constitute treatment or diagnosis of any condition, disease or illness, except for Consults for Treatment Conditions as described below.
While PWN and the laboratories implement safeguards to avoid errors, as with all laboratory tests, there is a chance of a false positive or false negative result.
I agree to contact the Request A Test if I do not receive results within ten (10) days after I provided a sample at the lab testing center.
I am responsible for checking my email for results notification and logging on to my account to view my results when available.
If I receive an abnormal result on a Test, including a positive test for COVID-19 antibodies, I understand that Request A Test will attempt to call me to review the results, offer education and explain the next steps I should take. Request A Test may leave me a voicemail but will not include my test results in any voicemail message.  I also understand that if I am not able to be reached, Request A Test will mail a follow-up letter to the residential address I provided when I purchased my test (the letter will not include my test results).  If I receive an abnormal result and have not connected with Request A Test, I understand that I should not delay following up with my personal physician.
I understand that after receiving my Results, I will have the opportunity for a telemedicine Consult with a PWNHealth physician. If my Results show that I have Chlamydia, Gonorrhea, HSV 2, or Trichomoniasis (the “Treatment Conditions”), the physician may be able to prescribe medication during the Consult, if appropriate. I understand that if my results show that I have one of the Treatment Conditions, it is important to schedule a Consult as soon as possible or obtain other treatment. Please contact Request A Test at 888-732-2348 for information on how to set up a consult with a PWNHealth physician. If my results show that I have COVID-19 antibodies and I request a telemedicine consult, the PWN Physician or other healthcare provider will make up to three (3) attempts to reach the Customer Participant for a telephone or video consult (or other modality).
I certify that throughout the duration of the Services I receive, including my Consult, I will be physically present in the state of the patient service center I selected, or if I did not select a patient service center, the state of residence I provided or another state of which I have notified Request A Test.
I am responsible for forwarding any results to my primary care or other personal physician and for initiating follow up with such physician for care, diagnosis, medical treatment or to obtain an interpretation of the Results.
I will not make medical decisions without consulting a healthcare provider or disregard medical advice from my healthcare provider or delay seeking such advice based on information as a result of the use of the Services.
If I receive an abnormal result on certain STD Tests, my name and result will be disclosed to my state health agency in accordance with applicable law.
If I receive an abnormal result on an STD Test, it is important that I notify my sexual and needle sharing partners and follow up with my personal physician to receive treatment.
I understand that if I am tested for COVID-19 antibodies and I test positive, my name and result will be shared with the state and local health agencies in accordance with the law.
If I test positive for COVID-19 antibodies, it is important that I consult with a physician regarding the persons that I may need to notify regarding such test results.
I understand that Services, including Consults, are delivered by health care providers who are not in the same physical location as I am using electronic communications, information technology, or other means, including the electronic transmission of personal health information.    I also understand that:
A PWN physician will determine whether or not Test(s) and Services, including any treatment, are appropriate for me.
For Consults for Treatment Conditions, the scope of services will be at the sole discretion of the physician treating me, with no guarantee of diagnosis, treatment, or prescription. The physician will determine whether or not the condition being diagnosed and/or treated or the Services being rendered are appropriate for a telehealth encounter.
I have the right to withdraw my consent to the use of telehealth in the course of my care at any time by contacting the Request A Test by calling 888-732-2348 or emailing customerservice@requestatest.com.
Any video feed from the Consult will not be retained or recorded by PWNHealth.
My health and wellness information pertaining to telehealth services are governed by the PWNHealth Terms of Use and PWNHealth Notice of Privacy Practices.
I may need to see a health care provider in-person for diagnosis, treatment, and care.
There are potential risks associated with the use of technology, including disruptions, loss of data, and technical difficulties.
There are alternative services, such as visiting a primary care provider, an emergency room, or an urgent care facility; however, I chose to proceed with the Services at this time.
I understand that if I have any questions before or after my Test, I can contact Request A Test by calling by calling 888-732-2348 or emailing customerservice@requestatest.com.
I authorize PWN to use the email address and phone number I provided in connection with my account at the time I purchased my Test(s) (or that I updated by contacting Request A Test as described below) to contact me in connection with the Services, including followup after a Consult.    I am responsible for contacting Request A Test by calling by calling 888-732-2348 or emailing customerservice@requestatest.com to notify them of any changes to my mailing address, email address, phone number, or other information that I provided in connection with the Services.
I understand that testing is voluntary and that I may withdraw my consent to testing at any time prior to the completion of the Test(s) by contacting Request A Test by calling 888-732-2348 or emailing customerservice@requestatest.com.
Data Authorization
I specifically authorize the transfer and release of my information as described herein and in the Notice of Privacy Practices available to me when seeking and purchasing the Services, including my lab test results and other identifiable health information, submitted by me or about me in connection with the Services, to, between and among myself and the following individuals, organizations and their representatives: (a) the company through which I purchased the applicable laboratory test and its affiliates, their staff and agents; (b) PWNHealth and its affiliates, and their staff, agents, and health care providers, including physicians, and (c) the laboratory conducting the laboratory testing services to facilitate and execute the Services requested by me or performed with my consent (including receiving, reviewing and approving a laboratory request; reviewing, processing and delivering the laboratory test value(s)/result(s)), and as required or permitted by law.
I understand that I have a right to receive a copy of the above data disclosure authorization.  I have the right to refuse to agree to this authorization in which case my refusal may affect the Services provided to me.  When my information is used or disclosed pursuant to this authorization, it may be subject to re-disclosure by the recipient and may no longer be protected by privacy laws.  I have the right to revoke this authorization in writing at any time, except that the revocation will not apply to any information already disclosed by the parties referenced in this authorization.  This authorization will expire ten (10) years from the date of signature.  My written revocation must be submitted to PWNHealth’s General Counsel at:
PWN Remote Care Services
c/o PWNHealth, LLC
Attn: General Counsel
123 West 18th Street, 8th Floor
New York, NY 10011
I have read this Informed Consent carefully, and all my questions were answered to my satisfaction.  I hereby consent to participate in the Services, including the performance of the Test(s) that I have ordered and the Consult, pursuant to the terms, conditions, standards, and requirements set forth herein, in the PWNHealth Terms of Use and PWNHealth Notice of Privacy Practices or as otherwise provided to me.
HIV Testing Consent (only applies when ordering an HIV test)
By purchasing a blood test for the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) to detect HIV via antibody, antigen or viral DNA, you agree to the following:
I have been informed that the tests can produce false positive and false negative results. Also, I have been informed that when results warrant, additional reflexive testing shall be performed at no additional cost as outlined in the test descriptions on Request A Test's website. Reflexive testing reduces but does not eliminate the possibility of a false positive HIV result.
I have been informed of the estimated detection periods for each test as described on Request A Test's website. I understand that testing at a time earlier than the estimated detection period may reduce the accuracy of my test results. I have been informed that all detection periods are an estimate based on currently available information and neither Request A Test nor the performing laboratory can make any guarantees as to the accuracy of test results. It is the recommendation of Request A Test that all test results be confirmed by a licensed doctor or medical professional before any diagnosis, either positive or negative, is made.
I acknowledge that I have given my consent for the performance of an HIV blood test, and the release of the results as described in my order information.
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of this site's owner or its content suppliers and protected by the United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of this site's owner and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of this site's owner or its software suppliers and protected by the United States and international copyright laws.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND ARE MADE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS SITE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THIS SITE'S OWNER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS SITE'S OWNER DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR E-MAIL SENT FROM THIS SITE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THIS SITE'S OWNER WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.
While efforts are made to assure that the information provided on the requestatest.com website, e-newsletters, press releases or any other communication and all its subsidiary pages, is correct and representative or real fact, this site, and all its subsidiary pages, are not explicitly or implicitly warranted or represented to be free of errors, omissions, or inaccuracies.  Use the information provided on this site entirely at your own risk.
Request A Test may provide links to third parties on our website in efforts to increase value to our customers. Request A Test has no control over any website, information, or materials accessed by these links, nor does the inclusion of a link indicate an endorsement by Request A Test. You assume all risks for any services, information, or materials you access by following any links on the website. Nevertheless, we value our customers’ security and periodically monitor said links to ensure we are providing the safest and most complete experience for users of the Request A Test website.