http://www.silvermans.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
OVER 65 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE SERVICES
Contact
| 02077 900 900
| sales@silvermans.co.uk
|
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from Silvermans Ltd.When you visit our website, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as "Device Information".Silvermans Ltd. also holds "Personal Information" from you when you create an account on our website or when you place an order with us. When you place an order, we store your name, email address, billing address and delivery address. We may also store your telephone number, if provided by you, which we only use to contact you about your order in the event of a change relating to that order, and never for marketing or other purposes.We store this data only so that we are able to process your order(s) with us, to deliver goods to you. This data is shared only with relevant data processors, such as the credit card processing company (for verifying your card billing address) and delivery company or courier (to allow them to deliver your goods). For international orders, your telephone number may be passed to a courier to help with delivery of your goods.We do not store credit card information; this is handled through a Barclays payment portal or through PayPal or Amazon Pay portals on our checkout.We send marketing emails only to those who opt-in through our email marketing form.We only share your Personal Information with third parties to help us fulfill orders or services, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store -- you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here.If you opt-in to receive marketing emails, we use MailChimp to store details of your name (if provided) and email address. You can amend your communication preferences or opt-out at any time.Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.You have the legal right to request access to the personal data that we store, and to ask for it to be modified or deleted. Such requests should be made in writing and include sufficient information to verify your identity. Customers are advised that removing customer details will restrict our ability to provide refunds or process back orders. If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Back to Top