https://www.magicofdisneyart.co.uk/privacy/
Navigation
Home
Primary Menu
Framing
Spread The Cost
My Account
About Us
Contact Us
0 items - £0.00
Return to Content
You are here: Home › Privacy
We will not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise disclose any information about our customers to any outside company, organisation or individual.
We will, at any time, e-mail information to our clients and newsletter subscribers about special offers or newly arrived artwork that may be of interest to you.
If, at any time, you wish to stop receiving such messages, simply send an e-mail message to remove@magicofdisneyart.co.uk with the word REMOVE in the subject line and your address will be promptly removed from our mailing list.
Magic of Disney Art is the sole owner of all information collected on www.magicofdisneyart.co.uk and the information is for our private use only.
The information we collect via this website may include:
(1) Any personal details you type in and submit, such as your name, address, email address etc;
(2) Data which allows us to recognise you, your preferences and how you use this website.
(3) Your IP address (this is your computer’s individual identification number) which is automatically logged by our web server. This is used to note your interest in our website.
(4) Your preferences and use of email updates, recorded by emails we send you (if you receive email updates on products and offers).
Any personal information we collect from you will be used in accordance with the United Kingdom Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used:
(1) to process your order and to provide after-sales service. This may include passing your details to other organisations to deliver products.
(2) to comply with legal requirements.
You have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you. To do this, you will need to email us at sales@magicofdisneyart.co.uk – an administration fee may be imposed.
Customer InformationFrequently Asked Questions
About Disney Fine Art
Delivery and Returns
Customer Comments
Terms and Conditions
Privacy
Stay In Touch
Keep up to date with our latest news, offers and promotions by signing up to our newsletter or by following us.
Best Sellers
Disney - Goofy Takes A Break - Underground Art Giclee
£95.00
Treasures on Canvas - A Date With Wonderland - Trevor Carlton
From: £95.00
Disclaimer The Magic of Disney Art is not affiliated with, maintained by, or in any way connected with the Walt Disney Company or any of its business units. All Disney character images within this site are copyright © the Walt Disney Company