http://www.tannertees.com/terms-of-service/
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Joe H. Tanner Baseball Products LLC will not sell, distribute, or provide to any other business or entity, any information that is provided by our customers.  All information submitted to Joe H. Tanner Baseball Products LLC will be used solely for the following purposes: process orders and transactions, email correspondence, and improve customer service and website function.
Refund & Return PolicyWe offer returns for a refund for unused, undamaged items for a period of 14 days from delivery.  If the customer wishes to return or exchange an item, the customer may contact Joe H. Tanner Baseball Products LLC to speak with a customer representative.  Associated shipping costs with returns & exchanges are the customer's responsibility.
Tanner Tees Customer Guarantee
Each Tanner Tee comes with a one year manufacturer defect warranty. The manufacturer warranty covers defective parts and material. It does not cover acceptable wear and tear with usage or dented metal sections caused by negligence or bat strikes.  Beyond warranty period, we encourage any customer to contact our offices at any time if they are unsatisfied with our product. It happens so little of the time, we have huge flexibility in resolving any issues, and we are proud of the service our company provides to each Tanner customer.  We stand behind our products and have a broad customer guarantee to allow any customer at any time to contact us with an issue.  Proof of purchase is required.   Learn More About the Customer Guarantee.
Data ProtectionWhat Information Do We Collect? We collect information from you when you fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously. What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) To send periodic emails The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline. Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. https://www.tannertees.com/support/
Join the Tanner community!
You'll get early product release announcements and batting tee maintenance tips. We'll only send you the important stuff and never spam you.
Subscribe
search_icon
Batting Teesdropdown_arrow
Batting Tees
All Batting Tees
Tee Parts
Batting Gloves
Trainingdropdown_arrow
Training
All Training
Hitting Aids
Screens & Nets
Bundles
Appareldropdown_arrow
Apparel
All Apparel
Hats
Shirts
Baseballs
Blog
Purchase Orders
account
Account
wishlist
Wishlist
cart
Shopping cart
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*