http://www.silvermans.co.uk/pages/terms-and-conditions
OVER 65 YEARS OF SERVICE TO THE SERVICES
Contact
| 02077 900 900
| sales@silvermans.co.uk
|
Home
Terms and Conditions
Silvermans Ltd. Terms and conditions
Your rights Silvermans Ltd. is a UK-based company and complies with UK consumer law including the Consumer Contract Regulations. You have the legal right to cancel your order for most items within 14 days of receiving the goods. However, this right does not apply to certain items such as personalised products and perishable goods. If you wish to cancel using this right, you need to inform us in writing within 14 days starting the day after you received the goods. You must take reasonable care of the goods and immediately return them to us in the normal way. We will not consider that you have taken reasonable care of the goods if they have been used in a way or to an extent beyond what would be reasonable when examining the goods in a shop before purchase.
See our returns section for more information.
Privacy policy Silvermans Ltd. is committed to protecting your privacy. Click here for our full privacy policy.
Fraud prevention If false or inaccurate information is provided and fraud is identified, details will be passed to fraud prevention agencies. Law enforcement agencies may access and use this information.
Out of stock orders Silvermans Ltd. updates the availability of stock on a daily basis. In the rare event of a problem with availability of a product, we will contact you. You may then wish to cancel the order or wait until the item becomes available. All orders are accepted as subject to availability. In the event that an item ordered is not available, your credit card will not be debited until we dispatch the product. If an item is purchased and paid online which is out of stock a full refund will be issued. We reserve the right to cancel an order up to the point of delivery.
Accuracy of information We put a lot of time and effort into describing and photographing the products we sell using manufacturer's websites, catalogues, our own photography and often our own descriptions of the products. Although we aim that every picture and description is 100% accurate, mistakes do occur so let us know if you see or read something that isn’t correct. If you have purchased something based on a picture or description on the website which turns out to be incorrect, please see our returns section.
Site usage Silvermans Ltd. disclaims damages of any kind, compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties implied or otherwise relating to use of this site.
Copyright All pictures, material, code, intellectual property and descriptions are the property of Silvermans Ltd. It may not be copied or used without the express permission of Silvermans Ltd.
Back to Top