http://www.Gourmetbaklava.com/terms.of.service.html
Home
Baklava Testimonials
Order Baklava
Contact Us
About Baklava
Corporate Gifts
Baklava Gifts No Cals
History of Baklava
Lebanese Recipes
Local Clients
Terms of Service
Shop with confidence. We are serious about your privacy
GourmetBaklava.com is committed to your privacy. When you visit
our web site(s), we will ask for information
in order to deliver the goods you order.
We do not share your name, address, or email
address with other parties other than for
the purpose of delivering the product to
you. We do not sell your information to any
third party. Our shopping cart and checkout
page are hosted on a secure site, as
evidenced by the "s" that
appears in the url address after "http".
Our credit card processor receives your information
for the purpose of charging your credit card
and remitting payment to us.
We advertise by using search engine Ad Words
with companies such as Overture, Google,
and Yahoo. If you arrived at our website
by clicking one of those links, those companies
may assist	us in tracking whether
the click resulted in a completed order and
payment. This helps us 	associate
our advertising dollars with the correct
keywords on the world wide web. None of your
personal information is being used or recorded
in	any way.
Because our gourmet product is baked to order and is perishable,
we are not able to accept returns. Please
read the testimonial page before ordering.
We have many satisfied customers who keep
coming back. Our product is always baked
fresh then
packed in metal tins, bubble
wrap, and sturdy shipping boxes with utmost
care. We value your business and strive to
provide a delicious gourmet
product..
Questions should be directed to us. See
our contact information on the "Contact
Us" page.
Pay by Credit Cards
Or Pay by Check:print the order form and mail it with a check
Or Pay by PayPal
(c) 2003-2004 GourmetBaklava.com
| Terms of Service | Privacy
Policy