http://www.greatbigstuff.com/pages/security-privacy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Browse Catalog
Contact Us
About Us
Shipping Info
Account
Security & Privacy
GreatBigStuff.com values your trust.
We want you to know how we collect, use and protect information about our online visitors. This privacy policy will tell you:
-	What information we collect
-	How we may share information
-	How you can limit our sharing of information
What information about visitors do we collect?
Information You Give Us
We receive and may store any information you enter on our Web sites or give to our Web sites in any other way. For example, we collect information you provide when you place an order, register with us, send us an e-mail or call us, enter a sweepstakes, or enroll or participate in a club or service such as gift registries. This information may include:
-	your name
-	your mailing address
-	you're e-mail address
-	your phone number
-	your credit card number
along with any other personal or preference information you provide to us.
It may also include information you submit about other people; for example, the name and address of a gift recipient.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Web sites. For example, we use "cookies" like many other Web sites. Through "cookies" we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our Web sites. There are utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we cannot provide you with a personalized experience or certain services at GreatBigStuff.com if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
What are "Cookies" and how do we use them?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser. Cookies allow us to provide features such as the Wishlist and storage of items in your shopping bag between visits.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of our Web sites' best features, so we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive information about you from other sources. This may help improve the personalization of our service to you by providing better product recommendations or special offers that we think will interest you.
Does GreatBigStuff.com share information we receive?
We do not share information we collect with any third parties other than those companies associated with fulfilling your order, answering your inquiry, or in some other way accommodating your direct association with GreatBigStuff.com.
Service Providers
Our Web sites may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a courier, credit card processor, printer, mailing house or web host) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Protection of our Web sites and Others
We may disclose information you provide to our Web sites when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our Web sites, our users or others.
Business Transfers
If some or all of the business assets of our Web sites are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information regarding our visitors. We also may retain a copy of that visitor information.
What choices do I have?
E-Mails
If you provide GreatBigStuff.com with your e-mail address, you may receive e-mails from us. We will always send you an email regarding any online orders that you place. If you do not want to receive subsequent marketing or promotional e-mails, please email us requesting to be excluded or use the unsubscribe feature from our home page.
Mailing List
If you provide your name and address, we will add you to our mailing list and we may send you newsletters, catalogs, or other mailings. If you prefer not to receive any of these catalogs from us, please call 1-800-773-8832.
Sharing with Other Companies
We will not share your information with outside companies other than those service providers referenced above.
More Information
Please contact us if you have questions about our policies.
What about links to and from other Web sites?
GreatBigStuff.com may offer links to other sites. Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. In addition, you may have linked to GreatBigStuff.com through another site. For example, in certain cases you may have linked to us through a search engine or banner advertising on another site. In such cases the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.
Children
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we comply fully with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a child has provided GreatBigStuff.com with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us and we will delete the information about the child from our files.
Your Consent
By using GreatBigStuff.com, you consent to our use of visitor information as described in this online privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy, so we encourage you to review it periodically.
Security
Our Commitment to Data Security
We have appropriate physical, electronic and procedural security safeguards to protect and secure the information we collect.
Secure Sockets Layering (SSL)
When providing your credit card information, you will be temporarily redirected to our credit card processing gateway which uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because they use SSL, placing an order online at GreatBigStuff.com is just as safe as giving your credit card number over the phone.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Our security measures are designed to prevent anyone from stealing and using your credit card number. In addition, consumer protection laws protect you against the unauthorized use of your credit card. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, if your credit card is used without your authorization, your liability for those fraudulent charges cannot exceed $50. So, if someone steals your credit card or your credit card number, your liability is limited to $50 no matter how much the thief charges to your account.
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device