http://www.jakabel.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Website Privacy Policy
The policy: This privacy policy is for this website; www.jakabel.com and provided by Jakabel Ltd, 39 Ethelbert rd, London, SW20 8QE and refers to the privacy of its users who choose to use it. It details how we comply with the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation), the DPA (Data Protection Act).
The data controller is Joanne Susan Shephard
This policy will explain areas of this website that may affect your privacy and personal details, how we process, collect, manage and store those details and how your rights under the GDPR & DPA are adhered to. Additionally it will explain the use of cookies or software, advertising or commercial sponsorship from third parties and the download of any documents, files or software made available to you (if any) on this website. Further explanations may be provided for specific pages or features of this website in order to help you understand how we, this website and its third parties (if any) interact with you and your computer / device in order to serve it to you. Our contact information is provided if you have any questions.
The DPA & GDPR May 2018
We and this website complies to the DPA (Data Protection Act 1998) and already complies to the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) which comes into effect from May 2018.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to provide an enhance user experience while visiting the website. As required by legislation, the cookies used on this site do not store any personal data but instead make use of anonymous tracking data.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website.
Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors or use the cookie control system if available upon their first visit.
Types of Cookies that we may use
Strictly necessary cookies:
These cookies are required to enable your visit to the site and to navigation between pages and use the features of our website. Such requirement will allow for remembering your purchases and allowing for the update and modification of your shopping basket and proceeding to your final checkout stage.
Note: If cookies are not enabled then you will not be able to make use of our shopping cart facility
Performance cookies:
These cookies do collect any personal information, they are anonymous and record statistical information about how visitors navigate our website. They do help us to improve how our website functions and will allow us to make future improvements to visitor experience.
By using our website, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device. All browsers have the functionality to allow users to block cookies from specific sites or to block cookies from all sites, as well as allowing the user to delete all cookies from their hard drive. Please refer to your browser’s help facility.
Credit card data
Jakabel Ltd provides a facility for visitors to purchase items by credit/debit card through this website.
All credit card payments are made through our preferred platform PayPal using their secure systems. Only specially authorised staff from PayPal will have access to cardholder details. Staff at Jakabel Ltd will not have access to credit card data and cardholder details are not stored by Jakabel Ltd.
Disclosing Your Information to Third Parties
To facilitate any transactions made through our website, it may be necessary to pass on personal details to permit shipping methods to be carried out. Any customer information shared with our current third-party suppliers is done so to facilitate the completion of orders only. We currently use Pickitpackitsendit ltd to assist in this process.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your device’s hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Adverts and Sponsored Links
This website may contain sponsored links and adverts. These will typically be served through our advertising partners, to whom may have detailed privacy policies relating directly to the adverts they serve.
Clicking on any such adverts will send you to the advertisers website through a referral program which may use cookies and will track the number of referrals sent from this website. This may include the use of cookies which may in turn be saved on your computers hard drive. Users should therefore note they click on sponsored external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Downloads & Media Files
Any downloadable documents, files or media made available on this website are provided to users at their own risk. While all precautions have been undertaken to ensure only genuine downloads are available users are advised to verify their authenticity using third party anti virus software or similar applications.
We accept no responsibility for third party downloads and downloads provided by external third party websites and advise users to verify their authenticity using third party anti virus software or similar applications.
Contact & Communication With us
Users contacting us through this website do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use.
Where we have clearly stated and made you aware of the fact, and where you have given your express permission, we may use your details to send you products/services information through a mailing list system. This is done in accordance with the regulations named in ‘The policy’ above.
External Website Links & Third Parties
Although we only look to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. (External links are clickable text / banner / image links to other websites.)
Shortened URL’s; URL shortening is a technique used on the web to shorten URL’s (Uniform Resource Locators) to something substantially shorter. This technique is especially used in social media and looks similar to this (example: https://goo.gl/a46UYV). Users should take caution before clicking on shortened URL links and verify their authenticity before proceeding.
We cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and we cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms, users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
v.2.1 May 2018 Edited & customised by: Jakabel Ltd
Shop Our Full Range
Swimwear & Clothing
Little Ones
Baby
Swim shoes
Sun Protection Wear UVP50+
Kids UVP50+ Hats
Kids Swimsuits UVP50+
Sun Protection UV50+ wear
Wetsuits & Youths
Wetsuits
Youth/Adult
Towelling
Floatation Aids
Floatation aids
Toys & Accessories
Swimming pool toys
Swimming accessories
Best Sellers
Summer Essentials
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Lost your password?