http://www.paviyarns.com/privacy-policy.shtml
Home
FAQ
What's New
Contact Us
How To Order
Shopping Bag
Checkout
Knitting Yarns
Anny Blatt
Araucania
Bouton d'Or
Cariad
Cascade
Crystal Palace
Cygnet
Debbie Bliss
Feza
Filatura di Crosa
Lane Borgosesia
Louet
Louisa Harding
Manos del Uruguay
Noro
Sirdar
Sublime
Trendsetter
Knitting Patterns
60 Quick Knits
KnitWit
Araucania Patterns
Bloomoon Creations
Bouton d'Or
Cascade Patterns
Chris Bylsma
Cygnet Patterns
Debbie Bliss
Feza Patterns
Filatura di Crosa
Interweave
Knit 1 Magazine
Knit Simple
Knitters Magazine
Laines du Nord
Knowknits/Go Knit Go Felt
Louet Patterns
Louisa Harding
Manos del Uruguay
Natural Dye Studio
Noni Patterns
Noro Patterns
Rowan Books
RYC Pattern Books
Sirdar
Stitch Diva Patterns
Sublime
Tilli Tomas
Tink Knit Patterns
Trendsetter
Twilleys Patterns
Vogue Knitting (Designer Knitting) Magazine
Yarn Forward
Knitting Needles
Addi
Brittany Birch
Clover
Knit Pro
Lantern Moon
Pavi Needles
Pony Needles
Buttons & Fasteners
Czech Glass Buttons
Buttons ~ Assorted
Rowan Buttons & Kilt Pins
Vogue Shell Buttons
Italian Collection
Knit Pro
German Collection
Shawl Pins & Scarf Pins
Retro Buttons
Silk Embroidered Button Badges
Cover Buttons
Accessories
Knitting Accessories
Bag Making
Stitch Markers
Beads
Craft, Felting & Weaving
Felting Kits
Felting Tools
Wool Tops
Yarn/Thread Packs
Designer Bags & Needle Cases
BB Designs
Susan Todd Designs
Pavi Yarns Sale
Artesano
Artesano Alpaca
Widows & Orphans
Cascade Yarns
Crochet Threads
Di.Ve' Yarns
Madil Yarns
Lana Grossa
Rowan
Knitting Needle Conversion Chart
XE.com PersonalCurrency Assistant
Privacy Policy
At Pavi Yarns, we're committed to protecting the privacy and security of all our customers and website users. If you'd like to know more about how we protect your privacy, please get in touch with us at info@paviyarns.com. For the purposes of our digital content and services, the data controller is Pavi Yarns, and we act as the company responsible for your privacy.
It's likely that we'll update this Privacy Policy from time to time. The last update was on 11/03/2019.
When do we collect your personal information?
We collect personal data when you visit the Marilyn & Melrose website, place an order, create a customer account, engage with us on social media, contact us via email or any other channel or subscribe to our mailing list.
What kind of personal data do we collect, and why do we collect it?
The data we collect may include your name, email address, address, phone number, social media usernames (if you interact with us this way) and your email preferences. Web usage data we collect (while you're using our website) may also include your IP address, geographical information, browser and operating system and details of your visit to our website (including the pages you visited). We may also collect information about your visit using cookies in your web browser.
We collect your personal data in order to provide you with products you've purchased online, remember your details for future purchases, support our digital services and improve your customer experience, and we'll try our best to provide you with information we think will be of interest or relevance. We'll only send you marketing messages or emails with your permission, and you can retract this permission at any time.
We collect technical information about your visit to our website in order to give our users the best experience we can, by analysing user behaviour and making improvements to our online services. We also use this information to help protect our website and allow us to meet our legal obligations in taking care of your data.
How do we share your personal data?
We'll never sell any of the personal information you provide us to any 3rd parties (including your name, email address, address, phone number, or anything else you tell us).
We may share your data with trusted 3rd party companies where this is necessary or beneficial in order to provide you with services. We will only provide the information required in order for companies to perform their specific services. These companies include:
Payment gateway providers (PayPal), who process payments for orders on our behalf.
Couriers and delivery partners, who deliver orders for us.
Companies providing us with professional services, including marketing, email campaign providers and website hosts.
Companies explicitly approved by you, such as social media platforms (for example, Facebook and Twitter).
Analytics providers (Google Analytics), in order to see how users interact with our website and ensure we're bringing you the best possible experience.
We may share information about fraudulent or potentially fraudulent activity where this is required - for example, sharing data about individuals with law enforcement bodies.
For more information, please contact us at info@paviyarns.com.
How is your personal data secured?
We treat information security as a matter of utmost importance, and it's vital to us that your data is properly taken care of. All payments are taken via secure connections, using trusted 3rd party payment providers who conform to all necessary PCI and DSS security standards, and no payment details are retained or held by us. When you subscribe to our mailing lists, your information is taken securely over a 'https' secure connection, and access to any of your personal data is password protected and restricted solely to individuals who require it. Our website is hosted on servers using security and encryption best practices, with restricted access.
How do we contact you with marketing messages?
From time to time, if you've given us express permission, we'll contact you via email with relevant marketing content. If you'd no longer like to hear from us, you can click on the 'unsubscribe' link from our marketing emails in order to update your settings. Alternatively, you can email info@paviyarns.com and let us know how you'd like to hear from us.
As soon as you've done this, we'll update our records to ensure you no longer receive any emails you don't want in future.
How long do we retain your information?
We won't keep your data any longer than is necessary. If you've asked to hear from us with promotional emails, we'll keep your details stored for as long as you remain a subscriber. If you've created an account, we'll keep this for you to login whenever you like, unless you ask us to remove you as a customer. If you've given us any other information, we'll retain this for as long as we need it to continue providing you with a service, or as required for our record keeping.
Web usage information (sent to Google Analytics to analyse traffic and user behaviour) is retained for a period of 26 months, and may include data like IP address, geographical information, browser usage and operating system. Any personal data older than this is automatically deleted / anonymised.
Where is your data processed?
Your data may be transferred to 3rd party data processors outside the EEA (European Economic Area). If we do this, we ensure data is granted the same protection that it would if it were processed within the EEA, and that any 3rd party data processors are fully GDPR compliant.
Your rights
You have many rights pertaining to your personal data and how we use it, including:
The right to access to the personal data we hold about you
The right to access information about how your personal data is used
The right to request correction of inaccurate, out of date or incomplete information
The right to request deletion of your data, or that we stop processing or collecting it
The right to opt-out of marketing messages if you withdraw consent
The right to request transfer of your personal data to another service provider
The right to submit a complaint to the ICO (Information Commissioner's Office)
If you want to exercise any of these rights, you can email us at info@paviyarns.com.
Questions, complaints and contact
If you have any questions or feedback about this privacy notice, or would like to exercise any of your rights pertaining to our use of your personal information, you can contact us via the following channels:
Email: info@paviyarns.com
Phone: +44 (0) 1665 60 60 62
Pavi Yarns, 42 Royal Oak Gardens, Alnwick, Northumberland, United Kingdom, NE66 2DA
Search:
* Email:
* Lists:
Newsletter Subscribers
* = Required Field
By signing up, you agree to receive marketing communications from Pavi Yarns. Your details will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Policy and you can unsubscribe at any time.
© Pavi YarnsPavi Yarns LimitedRegistered in EnglandCompany reg number: 5762733
Pavi Yarns
FAQ
How To Order
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Contact Us