http://www.classicalimages.com/pages/privacy-policy
Register for Updates
Payment & Shipping Options
Condition Definitions
Contact Us
About Us
+61 (0) 409 551 910
info@classicalimages.com
0
Maps
Maps
World
America
Europe
British Isles
Africa
Middle East
Asia
Australia/Oceania
Celestial
City Plans
Military
Sold
Atlases
Atlases
Atlases
Title Pages
Globes
Globes
Globes
Globe Gores
Prints
Prints
Anatomy
Arachnids
Architectural
Animals
Botanical
City & Views
Conchology
Cooks Voyages
Exploration
Ethnographic
Ichthyology
Maritime
Native Americans
Ornithology
Political& Satire
Portraits
Science
Topographical
Recent Acquisitions
Reference Books
Cartographers Profile
My Wishlist
My Account
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
My Account
Welcome to Classical Images!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact details of our organisation
Classical Images Pty Ltd
Privacy Officer: Andrea Mayers Telephone: 61 (0)409 551 910Email: info@classicalimages.com
http://www.classicalimages.com
General statement of our information handling policies
We recognise the trust you are placing in us through your dealings with us. We do everything we can to maintain that trust. Our staff are employed on the basis that they will protect information about you. This is our personal standard. Under law your rights to privacy are also protected. The National Privacy Principles, the Privacy Act and general law place strict requirements on us to treat certain information you give us as confidential.
Collection
What information we collect
We may collect the following information from you:
your name and contact details;
some personal details;
other information that you will supply to us.
Why we collect the information
We use the information to assist in providing you with relevant consumer information, notify you of products and special offers that may be of interest to you.
We may also provide value-added services and offers.
Where we collect the information from
We collect the following information that you may be unaware of:
the name of the domain from which you access the internet;
the date and time you access our site;
the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our site.
Disclosures
You may “opt-out” of receiving direct marketing material
We also ask you for some personal details so that we can keep in touch with you and so that we can tell you about our other products and services that could be very useful to you. Please contact our privacy officer (listed above) if you do not wish your details to be used for marketing purposes.
Retention policies
Any information that we no longer require is destroyed. An exception to this may be retention of the information for data analysis. However, if this occurs then the information will be retained in a form that does not allow you to be identified from that information.
Access and correction
The security of your information is important to us. When we have collected information about you it cannot be seen or modified by anyone else. We make all reasonable efforts to ensure that information is stored securely both in electronic and physical form.
However, you may access your information at any time. If you would like to know what information we hold about you please contact our privacy officer. If you discover that there is an error or information is missing please notify our privacy officer and we will try to correct or add the information as soon as possible.
We will try to ensure that all information we collect, use of disclose about you is accurate, complete and up-to-date.
If you would like to talk to our privacy officer about this please contact:
Telephone: 61 (0)409 551 910Email: info@classicalimages.com
Disputes
If you believe that our organisation has breached your privacy rights in any way, or you would like to discuss any issues about our privacy policy please contact:
Telephone: 61 (0)409 551 910Email: info@classicalimages.com
We will try to satisfy any questions that you have and correct any errors on our part.
Thank you
Simon & Andrea Mayers Classical Images
Quick Links
Search
Contact Us
Payment & Shipping Options
Customer Service
Reference Links
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
We Accept
About Us
Classical Images was founded 1998 and has built an excellent reputation for supplying high quality original antiquarian maps, historical atlases, antique books and prints.
More Information
Register for Updates
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about recent updates to our collection
© 2020 Classical Images