http://www.krullsmith.com/t-privacy.aspx
Account
My Account
My Orders
My Wishlist
Login
View Cart (0)
View Wishlist (0)
Checkout
Toggle navigation
Menu
Orchid Families
Bulbophyllum
Cattleya
Phragmipedium
Paphiopedilum
Phalaenopsis
Vandaceous
Collector's Corner
New Arrivals
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
1.407.886.4134
Krull-Smith is committed to protecting your privacy and utilizing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Krull-Smith Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Krull-Smith website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Krull-Smith potentially collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Krull-Smith. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Krull-Smith for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Krull-Smith Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Krull-Smith public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Krull-Smith does not read any of your private online communications.
Krull-Smith encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Krull-Smith so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Krull-Smith is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Krull-Smith and Krull-Smith family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Krull-Smith collects and uses your personal information to operate the Krull-Smith Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Krull-Smith also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Krull-Smith. Krull-Smith may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Krull-Smith does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Krull-Smith may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Krull-Smith may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Krull-Smith, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Krull-Smith does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Krull-Smith keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within Krull-Smith, in order to determine what Krull-Smith services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Krull-Smith to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Krull-Smith Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Krull-Smith or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Krull-Smith; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Krull-Smith, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Krull-Smith Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Krull-Smith pages, or register with Krull-Smith site or services, a cookie helps Krull-Smith to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Krull-Smith Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Krull-Smith features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Krull-Smith services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Krull-Smith secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Krull-Smith secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Krull-Smith will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Krull-Smith encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Krull-Smith is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Krull-Smith welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Krull Smith has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Krull-Smith at sales@krullsmith.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Tracking
Wishlist
Your Account
Store Policies & Info
Shipping
Returns
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Security
Helpful Links
About Us
Site Map
Follow Us
Payment Methods
© 2020. All Rights Reserved. Powered by AspDotNetStorefront
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty.
Total:
$0.00
Close
Move all to Cart
Loading...