https://www.cigarbox.net/site-info/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | The Cigarbox
Home
Shop
Humidors
Travel Humidors
Small Humidors
Medium Humidors
Large Humidors
Furniture Humidors
Humidor Kits
Retail Humidors
Accessories
Humidification
Cutters
Hygrometers
Ashtrays
Cigars
Lighters
Torch Lighters
Zippo Lighters
Coffee
Gifts
Golf
Clothing
Books/Magazines
Jewelry Boxes
Gift Certificates
How To
Lighter
Bleeding a Lighter
Lighter Will Not Light
Re-filling your Lighter
Misc
General Q + A
Humidor
Calibrate a Hygrometer
Charge a Humidor
Humidor Maintenance + Care
Setting up your Humidor
Storing Different Cigars in the Same Humidor
Traveling with Cigars
Cigars
Cigar Shapes / Sizes
Cigar Structure
Cigar Terms
Lighting a Cigar
Relighting a Cigar
Uneven Cigar Burn
News
Cigar Info
Wrappers
Cigar Strength Guide
Cigar Urban Legends
Famous Cigar Smokers
Cigar quotes
Contact
Wholesale
Site Info
About
FAQ
Shipping
T & C’s
Privacy Policy
View Cart (0)
Introduction –
The Cigarbox (“Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit cigarbox.net,regardless of whether you access or use the site or application on a desktop or a mobile device (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Besides through the Website, this policy applies to information we collect:
On our help system –
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and Us, offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries, or customers).
Children –
Our Website is not intended for children/people under 21 years of age.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It –
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information: by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, IP address or any other information the website collects that is defined as personal or personally identifiable information under an applicable law (“personal information”); that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your zip code or country of residence; and/or about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information –
Directly from you when you provide it to us. Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. From third parties, for example, our business partners and customers who may have collected information from you and sent it to us for order processing.
Information You Provide to Us –
The information we collect on or through Cigarbox.net may include but is not limited to: Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting services or inquiring about orders. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website or the services we offer. Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us details of transactions you carry out through cigarbox.net. You may be required to provide financial information, such as a credit card number, to access our services, but this information is passed directly and securely to our payment processor, Stripe. You may review Stripe’s security and privacy policies at https://stripe.com/us/privacy. Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. The information we collect automatically may include include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests. Speed up your searches. Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include –
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access some or all of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Pages of our the Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
How We Use Your Information –
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present Cigarbox.net and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To present you with our informational newsletter, from which you can unsubscribe at any time from the e-mail containing such newsletter.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to Cigarbox.net or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
In the case of individual data subjects in the EU, for any purpose for which the data controller who has exported your data to us requests us to use your information, unless such purpose is contrary to U.S. federal or state law.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information –
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that is not personal information, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide –
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use at http://www.cigarbox.net/site-info/t-cs/ and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of The Cigarbox our customers, or others, after notice to you if we believe such disclosure affects your rights under applicable law.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information –
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. Depending on your location, you may have certain rights with respect to your information, such as: (i) data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data you provided to The Cigarbox, through your account or by contacting us at cigar at cigarbox.net); (ii) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data, through your account or by contacting us at cigar at cigarbox.net ); (iii) data deletion (including the right to have The Cigarbox delete your personal information, except information we are required to retain, by contacting us at cigar at cigarbox.net ), or we may delete your data if we are instructed to do so by our customers who export your personal information to us, except for information we are required to retain; and (iv) withdrawal of consent or objection to processing (including, in limited circumstances, the right to ask The Cigarbox to stop processing your personal data, by contacting us at cigar at cigarbox.net ).
Your California Privacy Rights –
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to cigar dot cigarbox.net or write us at The Cigarbox, PO Box 460, Upton, Ma 01568.
Data Security –
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. We encrypt any information you provide with SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of Cigarbox.net, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to Cigarbox.net. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy –
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on Cigarbox.net. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your account or through a notice via Cigarbox.net. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact Information –
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us via email at cigar dot cigarbox.net or write us at The Cigarbox, PO Box 460, Upton, Ma 01568.
Last modified: 5/24/2018
Comments are closed.
The Cigarbox > Site Info > Privacy Policy
Latest Posts
MNGO Advances to FDA’s PMTA Filing Stage
C-Store Master Breaks Ground on New Robotic Distribution Warehouse
Company The Cigarbox
PO Box 460
Upton, MA 01568
508.603.7085
help@cigarbox.net
Operating since 1997!
Join our List
Name:
Email:
Latest Posts
MNGO Advances to FDA’s PMTA Filing Stage
Follow Us Follow @thecbox
Secure Ordering
7ads6x98y