http://www.mwf.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Welcome
Kitchen Collections
Whole House Furniture
Online Shop
New London Showroom
Prestigious Addresses
About Smallbone
Contact Us
Web Site (Internet) Privacy Policy
Lux Group Holdings (we) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, together with any other documents referred to in it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
By visiting this website, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (Act) and General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679, the data controller is Lux Group Holdings, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 11707773, with its registered office at THE HOPTON WORKSHOP, HOPTON INDUSTRIAL ESTATE , LONDON ROAD, DEVIZES, WILTSHIRE. SN10 2EU. We are a registered data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office under number Z1967656. https://ico.org.uk/ESDWebPages/Entry/Z1967656
Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act, and DPO for the purpose of General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is Andrew Payne.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following categories of data about you:
Information you give us: This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on the website, interacting with the website or by corresponding with us by phone, email or otherwise. It includes information you provide when you sign up to our newsletter service, make an enquiry about our products and services or log a support ticket.
The information you give us will include your name, address, email address and phone number, as well as preliminary information about your requirements in relation to the services which we offer.
Information we collect about you: This is information that we collect automatically about your visit during your time on the website. It typically involves technical information and is often collected using small data files called “cookies”. This information helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse the Site and also to indicate where the Site requires improvement.
More information on how cookies work, what cookies we use and why can be found further on in this Policy under Cookie Policy (see below).
Information we receive from other sources: This is information that we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate. In this case we will have informed you when we collected that data if we intend to share those data internally. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share your data.
This also includes information that we receive from third parties, such as business partners, sub-contractors in technical services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, and so on. We will notify you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information.
Social Media platforms (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.)
We operate social media platforms. These platforms are, in most cases, operated outside of the EU and do not comply with current Data Privacy Act and subsequent GDPR provision although they may well conform to the U.S Privacy Shield protocol.
It is our process and protocol that any personally identifiable data gathered on these platforms is only in response to users interacting out of their own volition with our marketing pages. The contact is deemed as a legitimate business enquiry. The personal contact data is removed from the site once the enquiry is processed or the user has requested so.
Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use our website. We anonymise this data at the point of collection and automatically delete user and event data that is older than 90 days.
Uses made of the information
All information about you that we collect or receive, whether of a personal or technical nature, may be used by us in the following ways:
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
To provide you with information about other goods and services that we, or our selected partners, offer that are similar or relevant to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, such contact will only be made by email or phone from which you can opt out at any time; To notify you about changes to our services;
To administer the Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, system and security updates, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
To improve the Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
As part of our efforts to keep the Site safe and secure;
To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
To comply with our record keeping and information storage obligations and policy
(please see the “Where We Store Your Personal Data” section below for more details).
Information we receive from other sources. We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
We may share your information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006;
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Site;
Third party support services, such as, but not limited to project management tools, accounting systems and hosting data centre.
Request a Brochure
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on your website. Read moreOkay