http://www.farreys.com/pages/policies
x
Get Help
Visit Our Showrooms
Consultants
Shop Our Showrooms
Shop Our Special Order Catalog
Preview Our Red Tag Sale
Trade Program
My Account
Visit Our Showrooms
Show Room
Idea Gallery
About Farrey's
Shop Our Showrooms
Ceiling Lights
Wall Lights
Lamps
Outdoor Lights
Fans
Decorative Bath Products
Shop Our Special Order Catalog
Ceiling Lights
Wall Lights
Lamps
Outdoor Lights
Fans
Decorative Bath Products
Brands
Preview Our Red Tag Sale
Red Tag Sale
View Latest Sale Items
Ceiling Lights
Chandeliers
Pendants
Flush Mounts
Semi-Flush Mounts
Island Lights
Recessed Lights
Track Lights
Ceiling Light Accessories
Explore all Ceiling Lights
Wall Lights
Bath & Vanity Lights
Sconces
Picture & Display Lights
Undercabinet Lights
Wall Light Accessories
Explore all Wall Lights
Lamps
Floor Lamps
Table Lamps
Desk Lamps
Lamp Accessories
Explore all Lamps
Outdoor Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Lights
Outdoor Wall Lights
Post / Pier Lamps
Flood & Security Lights
Landscape Lights
Outdoor Light Accessories
Explore all Outdoor Lights
Fans
Indoor Ceiling Fans
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Portable, Wall & Specialty Fans
Bathroom Fans
Fan Accessories
Explore all Fans
Bath
Brands
Access Lighting
Allegri
Arteriors Home
Avenue Lighting
Beach Lighting
Blackjack Lighting
Casablanca
Corbett Lighting
Craftmade
Crystorama
Currey and Company
Dimond
Explore all Brands
Sale
Search Farreys
Privacy Policy
At Farreys.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you place an order or request a quote, we need to know your name, e-mail address and mailing address (your zip code is needed to calculate shipping charges). This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. We do not require that payment information be submitted online. Payment information may be entered online on our secure server during the checkout process or collected once your order is finalized. Additionally, when you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new Farreys.com services, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. You will only receive this information if you opt to subscribe to our e-mail newsletter. If you would rather not receive this information, visit any page on our site to unsubscribe (there is a form near the bottom of every page that allows you to manage your subscription).
How does farreys.com protect customer information?
Credit card information is encrypted during transmission if you choose to provide payment information online. When you place an order, request a quote or access your order information your shipping and billing information is stored on our server to facilitate processing of your order. If you do not provide payment information online, we will contact you via telephone to confirm your order information and to obtain payment information. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect online is protected against unauthorized access.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to store your information between visits and when moving from page to page within our site. Specifically, your Shopping Cart identification number is stored in a cookie by your browser on your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Without the ability to use cookies, you can still use most of the features on our site; however, the Shopping Cart features that allows you to select and order our products will not work.
Will farreys.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Farreys.com does not and will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Farreys.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Farreys.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Privacy Feedback
Farreys.com welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please contact us.
Terms of Use
Welcome to Farreys.com!Farreys.com
("Farreys.com") maintains this site (the "Site") for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for noncommercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Farreys.com site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without Farreys.com's written permission. Your access to and use of the Farreys.com site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Farreys.com site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not use the Farreys.com site.
Terms and Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Farreys.com site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted, and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions without the written permission of Farreys.com. Farreys.com neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Farreys.com site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Farreys.com.
While Farreys.com uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information in the Farreys.com site, Farreys.com makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. Farreys.com assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Farreys.com site.
Your use of and browsing in the Farreys.com site are at your risk. Neither Farreys.com nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Farreys.com site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Farreys.com site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Farreys.com site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Farreys.com also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Farreys.com site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Farreys.com site.
Images of people or places displayed on the Farreys.com site are either the property of, or used with permission by, Farreys.com. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere on the Farreys.com site. Any unauthorized use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") displayed on the Farreys.com site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Farreys.com and others. Nothing contained on the Farreys.com site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Farreys.com site without the written permission of Farreys.com or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Farreys.com site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Farreys.com site, or any other content on the Farreys.com site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Farreys.com will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Farreys.com has not reviewed all of the Farreys.com sites linked to the Farreys.com site and is not responsible for the content of any off-Farreys.com site pages or any other Farreys.com sites linked to the Farreys.com site. Your linking to any other off-Farreys.com site pages or other Farreys.com sites is at your own risk.
While we are always happy to hear from you, it is Farreys.com's policy not to accept or consider creative materials, ideas, or suggestions other than those we specifically request. This is to avoid any misunderstandings if your ideas are similar to those we have developed independently. Therefore we must request that you do not send to us any original creative materials such as original artwork, written works, etc. Any communication or material you do transmit to the Farreys.com site by electronic mail or otherwise will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Anything you transmit or post may be used by Farreys.com or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting. Furthermore, Farreys.com is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Farreys.com site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Farreys.com and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers and licensors (collectively, the "Indemnified Parties") harmless from and against any and all claims, liability, losses, costs and expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by any Indemnified Party in connection with any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions. Farreys.com reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with Farreys.com's defense of such claim.
The Farreys.com site are controlled and operated by Farreys.com from within the State of Florida, United States of America. Farreys.com makes no representation that materials in the Farreys.com site are appropriate or available for use in other locations and other countries. Those who choose to access the Farreys.com site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. This agreement shall be governed by, construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, as it is applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within such State. Any action you, any third party or Farreys.com bring to enforce this agreement or, in connection with, any matters related to this Farreys.com site shall be brought only in either the state or Federal Courts located in Palm Beach County, Florida, and you expressly consent to the jurisdiction of said courts. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the matters contained herein and shall not be modified except in writing, signed by Farreys.com.
Farreys.com may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
Why Farrey's?
Over 90 YearsServing South Florida
FREE Shipping!On Most Orders $50+
No Sales TaxOutside of Florida
110% GuaranteeLow Pricing
No Hassle ReturnsOur Return Policy >>>
Safe ShoppingPromise
Visit Our Showrooms
North Miami
Farrey's Lighting & Bath
1850 NE 146th StreetNorth Miami, FL 33181
Mon-Fri 8a-5p
Sat 10a-4p
Sun Closed
305-947-5451
Coconut Grove
Farrey's Lighting & Bath
3000 SW 28th LaneCoconut Grove, FL 33133
Mon-Fri 8a-5p
Sat 10a-4p
Sun Closed
305-445-2244
Back to Top