https://www.eggwhitesint.com/privacy-policy/
By visiting or making use of this website in any manner, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Information You Provide: We receive and store any Information you enter on our Web site, Email, by Phone, or otherwise; complete a Questionnaire or a Contest Entry Form; participate in Discussion Boards, Forums, Chat, Message Posts, or give us in any other way. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers; credit card information; people to whom purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone number; e-mail addresses of friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us; personal description and photographs. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our service, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: Examples of automatic information that we may we collect from you and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Web site, including date and time; cookie number if any; During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, pages visited, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page or leave the website.
Some of this information may be collected through the use of cookies and Java Script. Most internet browser have security settings that can be adjusted to notify you when you receive a new cookie, prevent accepting new cookies, or disable cookies altogether. The same is true for Java Script features.
Information from Other Sources: Examples of information we receive from other sources may include account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded or affiliated businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services; search term and search result information from search engines; search results and links, including paid listings.
Information confidentiality: All personal information is held in strict confidence and is not shared for any purpose except when required by law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; to protect the rights, property, or safety of eggwhitesint.com, our users, or others; or as otherwise described below.
We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. In such cases these other parties may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions only, but may not use it for other purposes.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business interests. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice. In the event that eggwhitesint.com, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will most likely be one of the transferred assets.
In all cases, any communication of information DOES NOT include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Terms of Use: If you choose to visit eggwhitesint.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of California.
×