http://www.outpost.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Left_Topics/A7PaymentMethods?site=csfooter_B#giftcards
Frys.com Help - Payment Methods
Payment Methods
At Frys.com, you can place your order online or by telephone. Payment options include credit card, wire transfer, money order, and personal check. See below for details on each payment option.
PLEASE NOTE: We do not accept C.O.D. orders.
Credit Cards
Frys.com accepts credit cards including American Express, Visa, MasterCard, and Discover. We will not bill your credit card until we ship your order. Partial orders are billed as each item is shipped however, all shipping and handling fees will be billed when first item ships.
Please be aware that once we receive credit card authorization, the funds will be reserved up to 30 days depending on the bank and may reduce the available credit (please check the policy of your lending institution). Also, if you are paying with a debit card, please verify with your bank if there are limitations pertaining to daily withdrawls on your card. Frys.com reserves the right to request additional identification. If this is needed, we will contact you by e-mail or telephone. Your order will be processed as soon as we receive the requested information by e-mail or fax.
If you prefer to order by phone, please call Sales at 1-408-350-1484.
You may also email sales with any questions.
Wire Transfers
Wire transfers are available but are subject to a $20.00 bank fee. For information about initiating a wire transfer, please click here to e-mail Sales. If you prefer to contact us by phone, please call 1-408-350-1484.
Money Orders and Personal Checks
We accept money orders in U.S. dollars from both United States and international banks. You will need to contact our Customer Service department to complete your order.
We accept checks from U.S. banks and can accept checks from international banks if the payment is in U.S. funds and the order totals more than $100.00 (U.S. dollars). Please note that this payment method is considerably slower than ordering using a credit or debit card. To place your order, please call 1-408-350-1484. Once you have placed the order by phone, mail your check to:
Fry's Electronics
Dept #33521
P.O. Box 39000
San Francisco, CA 94139
If the items in your order are in stock, your order will be shipped once we receive your check and after a waiting period of a minimum of ten business days.
Fry's Electronics Credit Cards
Fry's Credit Cards currently can only be used inside Fry's retail store locations. For more information about Fry's Electronics Credit Cards please click here.
Fry's Electronics Credit Card Payments
Fry's Electronics Credit Card payments should be mailed to:
First Electronic Bank
P.O. Box 60525
City of Industry, CA 91716-0525
Tax Exempt Purchases
If you are a tax exempt entity please contact us at 1-408-350-1484 prior to placing your order.
Please be prepared to submit your government issued tax exempt credit card and/or tax exempt form via fax or email.
Fry's Electronics Gift Cards
Fry's Electronics Gift cards can only be purchased inside Fry's Electronic retail store locations. Frys Electronics Gift cards can be redeemed inside Fry's Electronic retail store locations as well as online at Frys.com.
Important:
We recommend waiting at least 30 days before discarding a used gift card in the event that a credit is processed back to the gift card.
Questions?
If you have questions on payment methods, please click here to email us, or give us a call at 1-408-350-1484.
jback114