http://www.lirchocolates.ie/pages/terms-of-service
Skip to content
Close menu
Home
Shop Chocolate
Christmas Factory Shop
Shop Now
Lir Collection
Shop Now
Baileys Collection
Shop Now
Guinness Collection
Shop Now
Gifting Collection
Shop Now
Christmas Factory Shop
Our Story
Contact Us
Shipping Info
Contact Us
Lir Chocolate News
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Christmas Delivery Update
Please note order cut off for guartanteed delivery before Christmas is 10th December 11am.
Shipping Info
Contact Us
Lir Chocolate News
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Terms of Use
AGREEMENT BETWEEN USER AND Lir Chocolates
We are Lir Chocolates (Confectionery) Company Limited (company number 114635) and our registered offices are at IDA Business Park, Johnstown, Navan, Co. Meath C15 PK33.
The Lir Chocolates Web Site is comprised of various Web pages operated by Lir Chocolates and its service providers.
The Lir Chocolates Web Site is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein. Your use of the Lir Chocolates Web Site constitutes your agreement to all such terms, conditions, and notices.
Your use of the Lir Chocolates Web Site and any personal data you provide to us is also governed by our privacy policy, which is available here, and our cookie policy, which is available here.
MODIFICATION OF THESE TERMS OF USE
Lir Chocolates reserves the right to change the terms, conditions, and notices under which the Lir Chocolates Web Site is offered.  Any revised terms, conditions and notices shall be published in the “terms of use” section of the Lir Chocolates Web Site.
LINKS TO AND FROM THIRD PARTY SITES
The LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site may contain links to other Web Sites other than those operated by Lir Chocolates (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under the control of Lir Chocolates and Lir Chocolates is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. Lir Chocolates is not responsible for webcasting or any other form of transmission received from any Linked Site. Lir Chocolates is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to a Linked Site does not imply endorsement by Lir Chocolates of the site or any association with its operators.
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it.  You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.  Our site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of our site other than the home page.  We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
NO UNLAWFUL OR PROHIBITED USE
As a condition of your use of the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site, you warrant to Lir Chocolates that you will not use the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site or any other website operated by Lir Chocolates or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Sites.
USE OF COMMUNICATION SERVICES
The LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site may contain message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with Lir Chocolates directly (“Communication Services”), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are appropriate for the Communication Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using the Communication Services, you will not:
Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of Lir Chocolates staff or others.
Publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
Upload files that contain software or communicate any other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents.
Upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer.
Advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose.
Conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters.
Violate any applicable laws or regulations.
Lir Chocolates reserves the right to terminate your access to the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
Lir Chocolates reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Lir Chocolates’s sole discretion. Any personal data provided to Lir Chocolates using the Communication Services will be processed in accordance with our privacy policy referred to above.
MATERIALS PROVIDED TO LIR CHOCOLATES OR POSTED AT ANY WEB SITE OPERATED BY LIR CHOCOLATES
Lir Chocolates does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to Lir Chocolates (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site or its associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting Lir Chocolates, its affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. Lir Chocolates is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in Lir Chocolates’s sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
LIABILITY DISCLAIMER
The information, software, products, and services included in or available through the lir chocolates web site may include inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. Lir chocolates and/or its suppliers may make improvements and/or changes in the lir chocolates web site at any time. Advice received via the lir chocolates web site should not be relied upon for personal, medical, legal or financial decisions and you should consult an appropriate professional for specific advice tailored to your situation.Lir chocolates and/or its suppliers make no representations about the suitability, reliability, availability, timeliness, and accuracy of the information, software, products, services and related graphics contained on the lir chocolates web site for any purpose. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all such information, software, products, services and related graphics are provided “as is” without warranty or condition of any kind. Lir chocolates and/or its suppliers hereby disclaim all warranties and conditions with regard to this information, software, products, services and related graphics, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement.Save in respect of personal injury or death arising as a result of lir chocolates’s negligence, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, lir chocolates and/or its suppliers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, punitive, incidental, special, consequential damages or any damages whatsoever including, without limitation, damages for loss of use, data or profits, arising out of or in any way connected with the use or performance of the lir chocolates web site, with the delay or inability to use the lir chocolates web site or related services, the provision of or failure to provide services, or for any information, software, products, services and related graphics obtained through the lir chocolates web site, or otherwise arising out of the use of the lir chocolates web site, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, even if lir chocolates or any of its suppliers has been advised of the possibility of damages. If you are dissatisfied with any portion of the lir chocolates web site, or with any of these terms of use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the lir chocolates web site.
SERVICE CONTACT:
To contact us, please email: info@lirchocolates.com
TERMINATION/ACCESS RESTRICTION
Lir Chocolates reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice or liability.
GENERAL
To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in England in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the LIR CHOCOLATES Web Site. Use of the Lir Chocolates Web Site is un-authorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including without limitation this paragraph. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Lir Chocolates as a result of this agreement or use of the Lir Chocolates Web Site. Lir Chocolates’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Lir Chocolates’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Lir Chocolates Web Site or information provided to or gathered by Lir Chocolates with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect. Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Lir Chocolates with respect to the Lir Chocolates Web Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Lir Chocolates with respect to the Lir Chocolates Web Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be drawn up in English.
COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES:
We are the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in our site, and in the material published on it. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
You must not use any part of the content on our site for commercial purposes without obtaining a license to do so from us or our licensors.
If you print off, copy or download any part of our site in breach of these terms of use, your right to use our site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made.
The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL
Enjoy 10% off everything in our Online Christmas Factory Shop PLUS free shipping on all orders over €50!
Shop NOw
Close this Box
"Close (esc)"
"Close (esc)"
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue we'll assume that you are understand this. Learn more
Accept