https://www.metalandpaper.photo/privacy-policy
Save 20% on Metal Prints! Use Promo Code: MERRYMETAL | Ends 12/23/2020
Favorites
|
Create an Account |
Login
(0)
Cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
Your shopping cart is empty.
Home
Make your Print
Products
Metal
Paper
Acrylics
Canvas
Drum Scanning
Float Frames
Gift Certficates
Custom
Master Printmaking
Commercial
Info
Holiday Production Times
Contact
Email List
Shipping
Our Story
Privacy Policy
Special Offers
blog
Your shopping cart is empty.
Home
Make your Print
Products
Metal
Paper
Acrylics
Canvas
Drum Scanning
Float Frames
Gift Certficates
Custom
Master Printmaking
Commercial
Info
Holiday Production Times
Contact
Email List
Shipping
Our Story
Privacy Policy
Special Offers
blog
Favorites
Create an Account
Login
Privacy Policy
Metal & Paper understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used. We respect and value the privacy of all of our customers and will only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a way that is consistent with our obligations and your rights under the law.
1) Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account" means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of our Site.
"Cookie" means a small text file placed on your computer or device by our Site when you visit certain parts of our Site and/or when you use certain features of our Site.
2) Information about Metal & Paper
Our Site is owned and operated by Metal & Paper
Registered address: 40120 HWY 49, STE C Oakhurst, CA 93644 USA
3) What Does This Policy Cover?
This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of our Site. Our Site may contain links to other websites. Please note that we have no control over how your data is collected, stored, or used by other websites and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
4) What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating to an identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in particular by reference to an identifier’
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information such as your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other online identifiers.
5) What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything you need to know, but you can always contact Us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part 15.
The right to access the personal data we hold about you. Part 13 will tell you how to do this.
The right to have your personal data rectified if any of your personal data held by us is inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask us to delete or otherwise dispose of any of your personal data that we have. Please contact us using the details in Part 15 to find out more.
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data.
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
The right to data portability. This means that, if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the performance of a contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to re-use with another service or business in many cases.
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling. We do not use your personal data in this way. For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined above, please contact us using the details provided in Part 15.
6) What Personal Data Do You Collect?
We may collect some or all of the following personal data (this may vary according to your relationship with us):
Name;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Business name;
Payment information;
IP address;
Web browser type and version;
Operating system;
A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on our site, and the site you exit to;
Information about your preferences and interests
7) How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the data is necessary for our performance of a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use it. Your personal data may be used for one of the following purposes:
Providing and managing your Account.
Providing and managing your access to our Site.
Personalizing and tailoring your experience on our Site.
Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details are required in order for us to enter into a contract with you.
Personalizing and tailoring our products and services for you.
Communicating with you. This may include responding to emails, calls, and/or chat messages from you.
Supplying you with information by email and post that you have opted-in to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails).
Analyzing your use of our Site and gathering feedback to enable us to continually improve our Site and your user experience.
We may also use your personal data for marketing purposes, which may include contacting you by email and/or telephone with information, news, and offers on our products and/or services. You will not be sent any unlawful marketing or spam. We will always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
Third Parties whose content appears on our Site may use third-party Cookies, as detailed below in Part 14. Please refer to Part 14 for more information on controlling cookies. Please note that we do not control the activities of such third parties, nor the data that they collect and use themselves, and we advise you to check the privacy policies of any such third parties.
8) How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your personal data will therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it is kept):
We retain your account information until you tell us you want your account deleted, with the exception of information we are required to keep in order to comply with our legal obligations.
9) How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My Personal Data?
We store your personal data at our server room in Oakhurst, CA, USA. This is needed to process and ship your order and collect payment.
10) Do You Share My Personal Data?
Your personal data is only shared when necessary to complete your order transactions and to gather certain interest, demographics, and audience data to support Metal & Paper’s marketing efforts. All information is shared in a secure manner, and is never sold or traded with other parties.
11) How Can I Control My Personal Data?
In addition to your rights under the GDPR, set out in Part 5, when you submit personal data via our Site, you may be given options to restrict our use of your personal data. In particular, We aim to give you strong controls on our use of your data for direct marketing purposes (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in our emails).
12) Can I Withhold Information?
You may access certain areas of our Site without providing any personal data at all. However, to use all features and functions available on our Site you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict our use of Cookies. For more information, see Part 14 for our Cookie Policy.
13) How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data and for a copy of it (where any such personal data is held). This is known as a “subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 15.
14) How Do You Use Cookies?
Our Site may place and access certain first-party Cookies on your computer or device. First-party Cookies are those placed directly by us and are used only by us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of our Site and to provide and improve our products and services. By using our Site you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, services, and/or parties other than us. Third-party Cookies are used on our Site for providing live chat, marketing and feedback submission. In addition, our Site uses analytics services provided by Google Analytics, which also use Cookies. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling us to better understand how people use our Site.
15) How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a subject access request, please use the following details (for the attention of Controller):
Email address: info@metalandpaper.photo
Telephone number: 559-513-8878
Address: 40120 HWY 49, STE C Oakhurst, CA 93644 USA
16) Changes to this Privacy Notice
We will change this Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the law changes, or if we change our business in a way that affects personal data protection.
Any changes will be immediately posted on our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of our Site following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
Follow us on social media!
© Copyright 2020 Metal & Paper, All Rights Reserved.
Saved Successfully.
This is only visible to you because you are logged in and are authorized to manage this website. This message is not visible to other website visitors.
×
Import From Instagram
Click on any Image to continue
My Favorites (0)
Add Favorite List
Manage Favorite Lists
Create a New Favorite List
×
The above preview shows how to use the live preview on this website. The image displayed is just an example, and is not available for sale.
This Website Supports Augmented Reality to Live Preview Art
This means you can use the camera on your phone or tablet and superimpose any piece of art onto a wall inside of your home or business.
To use this feature, Just look for the "Live Preview AR" button when viewing any piece of art on this website!
×
Manage Favorites
Below, select which favorite lists you would like to save this product into.
×
Email List
Join our email list to get special offers in your inbox.
×
Contact
Need some help with your order?  We want to make your project a success, so please contact us with your needs. Email is always the fastest way to reach us.
If you would rather call us, you are welcome to do so. Our phones are staffed on weekdays from 10AM to 3PM Pacific Time, and since we are a small staff, you may need to leave a message. We promise to call you back as soon as possible.
Email
info@metalandpaper.photo
Phone
Phone Support is available from 10am-3pm PDT, Monday-Friday
559-513-8878
Mailing Address & Lab Visits
Our lab hours are by appointment only.  Please contact us before making a visit so we can schedule a time to meet with you.
For local order pickup, we will contact you once your order is ready and arrange a time that works for you to pick up your order.
Metal & Paper
40120 HWY 49, STE C
Oakhurst, CA 93644
<p>
Cookies are important to the proper functioning of a site. To improve your experience, we use cookies to enable shopping cart functionality, to remember log-in details and provide a secure log-in, to collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click "Accept" to accept cookies and go directly to the site, or click on "Learn More" to learn more about our Privacy Policy before accepting.
</p>
Unfortunately, this website requires the use of cookies in order to properly function. Since you declined the use of cookies, we are unable to permit use of this website.
If you change your mind, click here to modify your decision