https://www.aquasana.com/terms-and-conditions
Aquasana Website Terms and Conditions of Use
Last updated: January 18, 2018
These Terms and Conditions of Use ("Terms") apply to the Aquasana website located at aquasana.com ("Site"). The Site is the property of Aquasana, Inc. and its licensors ("Aquasana"). By using the Site, you agree to these Terms; if you do not agree, do not use the Site.
Aquasana reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms, at any time. It is your responsibility to check these Terms periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms, Aquasana grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
Aquasana offers online features, products, and services through the Site that may have additional guidelines, terms, and agreements. If these Terms are inconsistent with the additional guidelines, terms, or agreements, those additional guidelines, terms, or agreements will control.
Privacy
Aquasana's Privacy Policy applies to your use of this Site, and its terms are made a part of these Terms by this reference. Our Privacy Policy is located at: https://www.aquasana.com/privacy-policy.
Electronic Communications
By using the Site, you are communicating with us electronically and are thereby consenting to receive communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you via email or by posting notices on the Site. Your use of the Site constitutes your consent that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Copyright
All content included on or made available through the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, videos, audio clips, documents, and data is the property of Aquasana or its content suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Trademarks
See a non-exhaustive list of trademarks or trade dress in use by Aquasana at: https://www.uspto.gov/. In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, product names, product model numbers, and service names included in or made available through the Site are trademarks or trade dress of Aquasana in the United States and other countries. Aquasana's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Aquasana's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Aquasana. All trademarks not owned by Aquasana that appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Aquasana.
Risk of loss
All purchases of physical items from Aquasana are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
License And Access
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, Aquasana or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Site. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of Aquasana.com or its contents; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data-gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms are reserved and retained by Aquasana or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. Neither the Site, nor any part of the Site, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without Aquasana's express written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any part of the Site. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Aquasana's trademarks or trade dress without the express written consent of Aquasana. You may not misuse the Site. You may use the Site only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Aquasana terminate if you do not comply with these Terms.
Your Account
The Site includes online cart and checkout which allow you to purchase products online. If you are under 18, you may only use the Site with the permission of a parent or guardian.
Aquasana does not specifically solicit or market to children. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, a child under the age of 13 shall not register as a user, nor shall the child enter personal information on the Site. In the event Aquasana receives verification that it has collected and published personal information from an individual under the age of 13 without parental consent, Aquasana will delete that information from the Site as soon as is reasonably practical.
Reviews, Comments, Communications, And Other Content
Visitors to the Site may post reviews, comments, photos, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing upon intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious or objectionable to any party, and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or links. You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of the posted content. Aquasana reserves the right (but bears no obligation) to remove or edit such content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Aquasana a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Aquasana and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Aquasana for any claims resulting from content you supply. Aquasana has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Aquasana takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Recommended Products:Shower FilterMSRP: $84.99Sale: $49.99View Product DetailsAdd to CartCountertop Water Filter - WhiteMSRP: $129.99Sale: $64.99View Product DetailsAdd to Cart2-Stage Under Counter Water Filter - Brushed NickelMSRP: $199.99Sale: $99.99View Product DetailsAdd to CartRhino® Whole House Water FilterMSRP: $1298.00Sale: $649.00View Product DetailsAdd to Cart
To give you the best possible experience, our website uses cookies. You can review our privacy policy
to find out more about the cookies we use and how to adjust your browser settings to block cookies.
If you close this box or continue browsing our website, you accept our use of cookies.
Accept
Close panel