http://www.officedesigns.com/terms-of-use
Terms of Use
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Call us:877.696.3342
Live Chat
Contact Us
Call us
Account
Wishlist
Cart
Edit Cart
Continue Shopping
Subtotal: $0.00
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Menu
Our ProductsShop by CategorySALEQuick ShipSeatingTablesDesksFile & StorageOffice LightingDesk AccessoriesOffice DecorFloor MattingNEWShop by BrandHerman MillerSteelcaseHumanscaleKartellThe Smarter OfficeHaworthOffice StarFlash FurnitureKonceptVitraNational Office FurnitureView MoreShop By Best-SellersAeronEmbodySaylCosmLeapEames Lounge & OttomanView MoreOur ServicesOur StoryOur Blog
Live Chat
Contact Us
Call us
Account
Wishlist
Search:
Live Chat
Call us:877.696.3342
Terms of Use
Welcome to Office Designs!
Office Designs LLC ("Office
Designs," "we" or "us") provides this website (the
"Site") subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THE SITE. These Terms of Use constitute an agreement between
Office Designs and you. We recommend that you print out a copy of these Terms
of Use for your records.
By using the Site, you affirm that you are
able and legally competent to agree to and comply with these Terms of Use. If
you do not agree to these Terms of Use or if you are not legally competent to
agree to them, then you may not use the Site.
Please note that these Terms of Use
contain legally binding provisions that govern the resolution of claims between
Office Designs and you. Please see the Indemnity, Disclaimer of Warranties,
Limitation of Liability and Legal Disputes sections for complete details.
Privacy & Security
Please review our Privacy Policy, which is
incorporated into these Terms of Use and also governs your use of the Site. To
the extent there is a conflict between the terms of the Privacy Policy and
these Terms of Use, the Terms of Use govern.
Information security is important to
Office Designs. We use appropriate industry standard safeguards to protect the
information that we collect from or about our users. Office Designs reserves
the right to disclose any information, including your information, as Office
Designs deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal
process or governmental request.
Changes to Policies
Office Designs reserves the right, at any
time, to change these Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy and/or the Site. Your
use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow
and be bound by the Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy as revised. The revised
Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy supersede all previous versions, notices or
statements regarding the Site.
Intellectual Property Rights
Office Designs is the owner or licensee of
the content and the owner of the compilation of content that is posted on the
Site, including without limitation, the arrangement and layout of the Site,
including but not limited to, images, rotatable graphics, video, images, text,
graphics, buttons, screenshots, downloadable files, and other content or
material (collectively, the "Content"). The Content that Office
Designs makes available on the Site may be owned by Office Designs, owned by
others and used with their permission (such as User Content or photographs from
manufacturers), or used in accordance with applicable law.
Office Designs
grants to you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive, revocable license to
use the Site to purchase product from Office Designs, to view the Site and the
material on the Site using a computer or mobile device, to copy and store the
Site and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory, and to
print pages from the Site for your personal and non-commercial use. Office
Designs does not grant any other rights regarding the Site or the material on
the Site.
Office Designs reserves all other rights.
UNAUTHORIZED COPYING, REPRODUCTION,
MODIFYING, REPUBLISHING, UPLOADING, DOWNLOADING, POSTING, TRANSMITTING, MAKING
DERIVATIVE WORKS OF OR DUPLICATING ALL OR ANY PART OF THE SITE IS STRICTLY
PROHIBITED.
Office Designs
takes the protection of its copyrights very seriously. If Office Designs
discovers that use of its copyrighted materials has been made in violation of
the foregoing limited license, Office Designs may bring legal proceedings
against the violator seeking, among other things, monetary damages and
attorney's fees.
For copyright infringement claims, please
see our Copyright Policy.
The Site contain
valuable trademarks and service marks owned and used by Office Designs,
including but not limited to, Office Designs (the "Office Designs Mark").
Any use of the Office Designs Mark without the prior written permission of
Office Designs is strictly prohibited. All other trademarks, service marks,
product names, package designs and company names or logos associated with these
product and content suppliers, distributors and other such third parties that
are not owned by Office Designs but appear on the Site are the property of
their respective owners.
Acceptable Use Policy
The Site permits the submission of
user-generated content, such as chat sessions and product reviews, generated by
you and others users ("User Content"). By submitting User Content and
otherwise using the Site, you agree not to: (i) submit any User Content
that is protected by or otherwise subject to any third party intellectual property
or proprietary rights (including any privacy and publicity rights) unless you
own or have permission from the rightful owner of such rights to post such User
Content and to grant Office Designs all of the rights granted herein;
(ii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any content that is
unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory,
vulgar, obscene, libelous, hateful or racially, ethnically or otherwise
objectionable; (iii) use the Site to harm any person or entity, including
Office Designs; (iv) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; (v)
disguise the origin of any content transmitted to or through the Site;
(vi) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or
unauthorized advertising, spam, promotional materials, junk mail or any other
form of solicitation; (vii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise transmit any
content that contains malware, computer viruses or other computer code, files
or programs that interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Site or
any other computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
(viii) intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local,
state, national or international laws, rules or regulations; (ix) collect,
store or use Personally Identifiable Information about other users of the Site
without their consent; (x) use the Site (including through submission of
User Content) to disparage or make unsubstantiated claims about any person,
third party or its/their products or services; (xii) use any of the Site
in any manner that could overburden or impair any of the Site or the networks
or systems connected to the Site; and/or (xiii) use any device, software
or instrumentality to interfere with the proper working of the Site or violate any
requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the
Site.
You also agree that you will not violate
or attempt to violate the security of the Site. Violations of system or network
security may result in civil or criminal liability. Office Designs reserves the
right to investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may
involve and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users
who have participated in such violations.
Links to Other Websites
The Site may contain links to third-party
websites ("Other Site") that are not under Office Designs' control.
Office Designs makes no claim and accepts no responsibility regarding the
quality, nature or reliability of the Other Site that are accessible by
hyperlinks from the Site or link to the Site. Office Designs provides these
links to you as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply
endorsement by Office Designs of Other Site or any association with the
operators of such Other Site. You are responsible for viewing and abiding by
the privacy statements and terms of use posted at any third-party Site.
Mobile Devices and Mobile Applications
If you use a mobile device to access the Site,
the following additional terms and conditions ("Mobile Terms") also
apply to you. Your access to the Site via your mobile device or use of a mobile
application confirms your agreement to these Mobile Terms, as well as the rest
of the Terms of Use.
You agree that you are solely responsible
for all message and data charges that apply to use of your mobile device to
access the Site or use of a mobile application. All such charges are billed by
and payable to your mobile service provider. Please contact your participating
mobile service provider for pricing plans, participation status and details.
You understand that wireless transmission through Wi-Fi or a participating
mobile service provider may not be available in all areas at all times and may
be affected by product, software, coverage or other service changes made by
your mobile service provider or otherwise. You further understand that
publically available Wi-Fi systems may be unsecure and third parties may access
information sent over such systems. Additional terms and conditions may apply
to your use of a mobile application, based on the type of mobile device on
which you install and use the mobile application.
Notice to California Residents
California law requires that special
warnings be provided when products contain chemicals known by the State of
California to cause cancer, birth defects, or other reproductive harm if the
use of those products may cause exposure to those chemicals above specific
limits. These warnings relate to some but not all products sold through the
Site. Please call us prior to ordering if you have any questions regarding the
safety of these products.
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section
1789.3, Office Designs provides users of the Site with the following notice:
You may report complaints in writing to the Complaint Assistance Unit, Consumer
Information Division, Department of Consumer Affairs, 1625 North Market Blvd.,
Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at 800-952-5210. For further
information, see http://www.dca.ca.gov/about_dca/contactus.shtml.
Communications with Office Designs
For communications made to or with Office
Designs, including but not limited to User Content, feedback, product reviews,
chat sessions, emails, questions, comments, suggestions and the like:
(i) you have no right to confidentiality in such communications and Office
Designs will have no obligation to protect your communications from disclosure;
(ii) Office Designs will be free to reproduce, use, disclose and
distribute your communications to others in its sole discretion; and
(iii) Office Designs will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how,
content or techniques contained in your communications for any purpose
whatsoever, including, but not limited to, the development, production and
marketing of products and services that incorporate such information.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Office
Designs and its agents and licensors harmless from any claim or demand,
including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising
out of (i) your use of the Site, including any User Content you submit,
post to or transmit through the Site, (ii) your violation of any of these
Terms of Use or (iii) your violation of any rights of any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranties
Office Designs intends for the information
and data contained in the Site to be accurate and reliable but such information
and data are provided 'AS IS' and "AS AVAILABLE". You expressly agree
that your use of the Site and any information contained therein is at your sole
risk. Accordingly, to the extent permitted by applicable law, OFFICE DESIGNS EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ANY WARRANTIES THAT MAY ARISE FROM COURSE
OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE OF TRADE. Some jurisdictions do not
allow the disclaimer of warranties so such disclaimers may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL OFFICE DESIGNS OR ITS
OFFICERS, MANAGERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUCCESSORS, SUBSIDIARIES,
DISTRIBUTORS, AFFILIATES OR THIRD PARTIES PROVIDING INFORMATION ON THIS SITE OR
VIA OTHER METHODS , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO PHONE AND EMAIL, BE LIABLE TO
ANY USER OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA OR LOSS OF USE)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR ANY INFORMATION
CONTAINED THEREIN, INCLUDING USER CONTENT, WHETHER BASED UPON WARRANTY, CONTRACT,
TORT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF OFFICE DESIGNS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE
KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.
You acknowledge that the preceding
limitation on liability will apply to all content, merchandise and services
available through the Site. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the
exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages,
in such jurisdictions liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by
law.
Regardless of the previous paragraphs, if
Office Designs is found to be liable, our liability to you or to any third
party is limited to the greater of (a) the amount in dispute not to exceed
the total amount which you paid to us in the twelve (12) month period prior to
the action or omission giving rise to the liability or (b) $100.
Legal Disputes
YOU AND OFFICE DESIGNS AGREE TO GIVE UP
ANY RIGHTS TO LITIGATE CLAIMS IN A COURT OR BEFORE A JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN
A CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION WITH RESPECT TO A CLAIM. OTHER RIGHTS
THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT, SUCH AS ACCESS TO DISCOVERY, ALSO MAY
BE UNAVAILABLE OR LIMITED IN ARBITRATION.
Any dispute between you and Office
Designs, its agents, employees, officers, directors, principals, successors,
assigns, subsidiaries or affiliates (collectively for purposes of this section,
"Office Designs") arising from or relating to these Terms of Use and
their interpretation or the breach, termination or validity thereof, the
relationships which result from these Terms of Use, including disputes about
the validity, scope or enforceability of this arbitration provision
(collectively, "Covered Disputes") will be settled by binding
arbitration in Lake County, Illinois administered by the American Arbitration
Association (AAA) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, in effect on the date
thereof. Prior to initiating any arbitration, the initiating party will give
the other party at least 60-days' prior written notice of its intent to file
for arbitration. Office Designs will provide such notice by e-mail to your
e-mail address on file with Office Designs and you must provide such notice by
e-mail to legal@Office Designs.com.
During such 60-day period, the parties
will endeavor to settle amicably by mutual discussions any Covered Disputes.
Failing such settlement and expiration of the 60-day period, either party may
initiate arbitration. The arbitrator will have the power to grant whatever
relief would be available in court under law or in equity and any award of the
arbitrator will be final and binding on each of the parties and may be entered
as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator will not,
however, have the power to award punitive or exemplary damages, the right to
which each party hereby waives. The arbitrator will apply applicable law (which
is Illinois law) and the provisions of these Terms of Use and the failure to do
so will be deemed an excess of arbitral authority and grounds for judicial
review and reversal. Office Designs and you agree that any Covered Dispute
hereunder will be submitted to arbitration on an individual basis only. Neither
Office Designs nor you are entitled to arbitrate any Covered Dispute as a
class, representative or private attorney action. The arbitrator will have no
authority to proceed on a class, representative or private attorney general
basis. If any provision of the agreement to arbitrate in this section is found to
be unenforceable, the unenforceable provision will be severed and the remaining
arbitration terms will be enforced (but in no case will there be a class,
representative or private attorney general arbitration). Regardless of any
statute or law to the contrary, notice on any claim arising from or related to
these Terms of Use must be made within one (1) year after such claim arose or
be forever barred. For purposes of this section, these Terms of Use and related
transactions will be subject to and governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9
U.S.C. sec. 1-16 (FAA).
Termination
Your ability to access and use the Site
remains in effect unless and until terminated in accordance with these Terms of
Use. You agree that Office Designs, in its sole discretion, with or without
prior notice, may terminate your account and/or your use of the Site and/or may
remove and delete your User Content if Office Designs believes that you have
violated or acted inconsistently with these Terms of Use or for any other
reason. Office Designs also may in its sole discretion and at any time
discontinue providing the Site, or any part thereof, or may modify the Site, with
or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site
may be effected without prior notice and you acknowledge and agree that Office
Designs may bar any further access to the Site. Further, you agree that Office
Designs will not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of
access to the Site.
You may terminate your account by sending
a letter stating your intention to Office Designs LLC, 722 Landwehr Road,
Northbrook, IL 60062 Attn: Service or an email to service@Office Designs.com,
with the subject line "Termination Request".
The provisions of the Intellectual
Property Rights, User-Generated Content, Acceptable Use Policy, Disclaimer of
Warranties, Indemnity, Limitation of Liability, Legal Dispute sections,
together with and any other rights and obligations which by their nature are
reasonably intended to survive such termination, will survive any termination
of these Terms of Use.
Right to Access
YOU MUST BE AT LEAST THIRTEEN (13) YEARS
OF AGE TO USE THE SITE. By using the Site, you affirm that you are over thirteen
(13) years of age. If you are under thirteen (13) years of age, you may not
access or use the Site.
IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN THAT
PROVIDES CONSENT TO YOUR TEENAGER'S REGISTRATION WITH AND USE OF THE SITE, YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS REGARDING OF SUCH TEENAGER'S USE OF THE SITE.
Site Unavailability and Outages
Office Designs periodically schedules
system downtime for the Site for maintenance and other purposes. Unplanned
system outages also may occur. You agree that Office Designs has no responsibility
and is not liable for: (a) the unavailability of any of the Site;
(b) any loss of data, information or materials caused by such system
outages; (c) the resultant delay, mis-delivery or non-delivery of data,
information or materials caused by such system outages; or (d) any outages
caused by any third parties, including without limitation any companies or
servers hosting any of the Site, any Internet service providers or otherwise.
Jurisdictional Issues
The Site is operated by Office Designs
from its offices in Northbrook, Illinois, United States of America. The Site is
intended for users who reside in the United States of America. Office Designs
only sells product to addresses in the United States of America. Office
Designs makes no representations or warranties that the Site or any materials
contained therein are valid, appropriate or available for use outside of the
United States. If you access and use the Site outside the United States, you do
so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with applicable local
laws. Office Designs reserves the right to limit the availability of the Site
and/or the provision of any service, program or other product described thereon
to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction, at any time and in our sole discretion.
General Information
No waiver of any provision or any breach
of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any other provisions or any other
or further breach. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held to
be illegal or otherwise unenforceable, such provision will be severed, and the remainder
of the Agreement will continue in full force and effect. These Terms of Use set
forth the entire Agreement between you and Office Designs with respect to use
of the Site and supersede any prior agreements between you and Office Designs
relating to such subject matter. The Terms of Use are not assignable,
transferable or sublicensable by you except with Office Designs' prior written
consent. No waiver by either party of any breach or default hereunder will be
deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or subsequent breach or default. No
agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee
relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Use. Any heading, caption
or section title contained herein is inserted only as a matter of convenience
and in no way defines or explains any section or provision hereof. Office
Designs' performance of these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and
legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Use is in derogation of
Office Designs' right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement
requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information
provided to or gathered by Office Designs with respect to such use. A printed
version of these Terms of Use and of any notices given in electronic form will
be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating
to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as
other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in
printed form. All correspondence relating to these Terms of Use must be written
in the English language.
Violations
Please report any violations of these
Terms of Use to us.
Questions?
If you have questions, comments or
complaints about these Terms or the Site, please contact us.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy
Policy") explains how Office Designs, LLC ("Office Designs,"
"we" or "us" ) collects and processes the information that
you share when you use this website (the "Site") through a computer
or mobile device (collectively, the "Service").
Before providing your information to the
Service, please read this Privacy Policy. By using or accessing the Service,
you accept the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do
not want us to collect and process information about you, please do not submit it
and do not access or use the Service.
We do not intentionally collect any Personally
Identifiable Information from children under thirteen (13) years of age. Where
any such information is inadvertently collected, we will delete the information
as soon as possible. If you believe a child under thirteen (13) years of age has
provided us with Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us.
Information We Collect
We collect certain information that you
share with us, including:
Personally Identifiable Information:
"Personally Identifiable Information" or "PII" is
information that can personally identify you, such as your name, email
address and telephone number. We may retain your Personally Identifiable
Information as reasonably required to serve you and operate the Service. What
specific Personally Identifiable Information we collect depends on how you
use the Service. Providing your Personally Identifiable Information to us
is your choice. Be aware, however, that if you choose not to provide us
with certain Personally Identifiable Information, you may not be able to
take advantage of certain features of the Service.
General Information: When you
visit the Service, we may collect various categories of general non-Personally
Identifiable Information ("General Information"). General
Information includes browser information, operating system information,
device information, TCP-IP address and the date, time, length of stay and
specific pages accessed during your visits to the Service.
Registering for the Service or Creating an
Account
If you register to use the Service or
create an account we may collect Personally Identifiable Information including
your name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number and other
information that you provide to us.
You may review, update, or modify your
account information, including profile and contact information, at any time by
logging into your Office Designs account.
Online Identification Tools
We may use your IP address to help identify
and solve issues with our server and provide you with a better web browsing experience.
We may use your IP address to identify you, your shopping cart and wish list
and to collect General Information.
We use cookies to keep track of your items
in your cart and wish list and for other purposes such as personalizing the
Service. A cookie is a small file stored by your internet browser on your
computer. By default, your web browser is set up to accept cookies. If you change
the settings to reject cookies, the Service will not be able to recognize your
account, cart, wish list or to personalize the content that you see.
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers incorporate a "Do
Not Track" ("DNT") or similar feature that signals to a website that
a user does not want to have his or her online activity tracked. If a website
that responds to a particular DNT signal receives the DNT signal, the browser
can block that website from collecting certain information. Not all browsers
offer a DNT option and DNT signals are not yet uniform. Thus, the Site may not
recognize or respond to DNT signals.
Third Party Features
The Service also may include social media
buttons and widgets, such as the Facebook or Twitter "Like" button. Clicking
on these buttons will take you to third party website. These third party
websites may collect and display your Personally Identifiable Information, your
IP address and the page you are visiting on the Service and may set a cookie to
enable the feature to function properly. These features may be hosted by a
third party and your interactions with them are governed by the privacy policy
of the third party that provides the feature.
Third-Party Links
We may provide links to third-party websites
that we do not own or control, for example, to social media websites and websites
operated by manufacturers of products we sell. We are not responsible for the
information collection practices of any website that we do not own or control. The
privacy practices of third-party websites are solely their responsibility.
How Your Personally Identifiable
Information is Used, Processed and Disclosed
Except as specified in this Privacy
Policy, Office Designs does not rent, sell, trade or disclose your Personally
Identifiable Information to third parties without your prior consent. Office
Designs may, however, use, process and disclose Personally Identifiable
Information to:
send information to customers about
orders;
fulfill your orders;
process and collect your payments;
send you promotional marketing
material about Office Designs' company and partners;
customize, analyze, adjust and
improve the Service to better meet your needs;
enforce Office Designs' agreements
with you;
provide you with important
administrative information regarding the Service, such as changes to this
Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, and other policies;
prevent fraud and other prohibited or
illegal activities; and
comply with potential requests of law
enforcement or data protection agencies.
We may combine and/or link General
Information with Personally Identifiable Information.
Information about customers is considered
an asset of Office Designs and, as such, may be transferred to another company
as part of a merger or acquisition.
We may use your General Information and Personally
Identifiable Information that has been stripped of personally identifiable
information to prepare anonymized, aggregated data about our users
("Anonymized Data"). We may provide third parties with Anonymized
Data in describing the Service to prospective partners, advertisers and other
third parties, and for any other lawful purposes. As communicated to third
parties, the Anonymized Data will not include any information permitting the
recipient to identify, locate or contact you.
Third Party Service Providers
Office Designs employs other companies and
individuals to perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders,
delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing search results
and links, processing credit card payments, and other services. These
third-party service providers have access to Personally Identifiable
Information needed to perform their functions but are contractually obligated not
to use it for any other purpose.
User-Generated Content
The Site permits the submission of
user-generated content, such as chat sessions and product reviews, generated by
you and others users ("User Content").
You are solely responsible for your own
User Content and the consequences of posting or publishing it. Any User Content
or other material, information or ideas that you submit to or post or publish
on the Site is non-confidential and non-proprietary. Office Designs may retain
copies of User Content indefinitely.
By submitting User Content, you represent
and warrant to Office Designs that: (i) your User Content does not violate any
copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent or other intellectual property
right, any right of privacy or publicity of any third party or any applicable
law, rule or regulation, (ii) you own or have the legal right to use and
authorize Office Designs to use your User Content, including written consent to
use of any product or the name, voice, likeness or any other applicable
personal rights of each identifiable person featured or referenced in your User
Content and (iii) your User Content does not violate Office Designs' Acceptable
Use Policy.
As between you and Office Designs, you
will retain all of your ownership rights in and to your User Content. By
submitting User Content to Office Designs, however, you hereby grant to Office
Designs a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free,
sublicensable and transferable right and license to use, reproduce, distribute,
edit, modify, translate, reformat, prepare derivative works based upon, display
publicly, perform publicly and otherwise exploit (including but not limited to
over the Internet or any other uses or media) your User Content, in whole or in
part, including future rights that Office Designs (or its successor) may
otherwise become entitled to that do not yet exist, as well as new uses, media,
means and forms of exploitation throughout the universe exploiting current or
future technology yet to be developed to the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law. You also hereby grant each user of the Site a non-exclusive
license to access your User Content through the Site and to use, access, watch,
reproduce, distribute, transmit, forward, display and perform such User Content
in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by the Site under these Terms of
Use.
Office Designs does not endorse any User
Content or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. Office
Designs reserves the right but is not obligated to monitor User Content or
other content sent to or through the Site. Office Designs has the right to
refuse, remove or delete any User Content and/or to terminate any user's access
to the Site if Office Designs determines, in its sole and absolute discretion,
that such User Content or user violates or has violated these Terms of Use.
Office Designs takes no responsibility for and expressly disclaims any and all
liability in connection with User Content.
Reviews
The Service may from time to time offer
publicly-accessible customer reviews. Any information you provide in these
areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. To request
removal of your Personally Identifiable Information from blogs, customer
reviews or forums, please contact us. Please note that
in some cases we may be unable to remove your Personally Identifiable
Information.
Retention of Personally Identifiable
Information
Office Designs retains Personally
Identifiable Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes
outlined in this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use, unless a longer
retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.
Accessing and Updating Your Personally
Identifiable Information and Preferences
Modifying or Deleting Your Personally
Identifiable Information
If you would like to modify or delete your
Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us with clear instructions
about what you would like to be modified or deleted. We will respond to your
request promptly.
Changing Your Subscription Preferences
If you tell us that you do not want us to
use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you, Office Designs
will respect your wishes. If you are a registered user, you may change your
preferences to receive or not to receive email or other communications from us
by logging in to your account and indicating those preferences on the "My
Account" section of our Service.
You may also instruct Office Designs to
stop sending you emails, newsletters or other information by following the
‘unsubscribe’ instructions provided in the email. Office Designs may, however,
continue to use your Personally Identifiable Information to contact you to
service your account or as otherwise authorized by law. Please note that if you
use more than one name or e-mail address when communicating with Office Designs
or using the Service, you may continue to receive communications from Office
Designs to any name and/or email address not specified in your opt-out request.
Information for Visitors From California
and Outside of the United States
California Residents
California law permits individuals who
provide Office Designs with Personally Identifiable Information and who are
California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of
Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their direct marketing
purposes. To request this information, please contact us.
Visitors from Outside of the United States
The Service is hosted in the United
States. The Site is intended for users who reside in the United States of
America. Office Designs only sells product to addresses in the United States. If
you are visiting the Service from outside the United States, your information
may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States in accordance
with this Privacy Policy and applicable US laws. Please note that data
protection and other applicable laws of the United States may not be as
comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise
differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. By
using the Service, you consent to transfer of your information to our
facilities as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Security
We have instituted reasonable safeguards
to help ensure that information collected on the Site is secure. We also take
reasonable steps to ensure that third parties who work with us to make the Site
available to you agree to protect Personally Identifiable Information that they
must access in order to serve you and to honor your preferences about contacts
you receive.
When you send or otherwise transmit your
sensitive information (such as your credit card number) to or though the Site,
your sensitive information is encrypted and protected with SSL, the current
industry-standard encryption protocol. We do not store your credit card
information. When you are on an SSL-protected page, a picture of a closed lock
appears at the bottom or top of some web browsers. Alternatively, check the URL
or address of the page. Secure SSL-encrypted pages have URLs that start with
"https://" instead of "http://".
Nonetheless, it is possible for third
parties to access information despite our efforts. Without limiting the terms
of our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, we do not guarantee that your use
of the Site and/or information provided by you will be private or secure and we
are not responsible or liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you
may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing
security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Site.
You also understand that any information provided by you or collected by us or
our agents in connection with your use of the Site will be used in the manner
described in our Terms of Use. Please do not use the Site if you do not agree
to the terms and conditions described in this Information Security section.
If you have any questions about security
of the Site, please contact us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may occasionally update this Privacy
Policy to reflect changes in our practices. The modified Privacy Policy will be
effective immediately upon posting on the Service. Your continued use of the
Service after the posting of the modified Privacy Policy constitutes your
agreement to abide and be bound by it. If we make any material change, we will
notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or
by means of a notice on this Service prior to the change becoming effective. We
encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on
our privacy practices. If you object to any modification, your sole recourse is
to stop using the Service.
Questions About our Privacy Policy
If you have questions about this Privacy
Policy or Office Designs generally, please contact us. You can also send
us physical mail to:
Office Designs LLC
Attention: Legal Department
722 Landwehr Road
Northbrook, IL 60062
Office
Designs' Copyright Policy
This Copyright Policy describes Office Designs'
policy of prohibiting any information or materials that violate another party's
intellectual property rights from appearing on the Site.
The Digital Millennium Copyright Act of
1998 (the "DMCA") provides recourse for a copyright owner who
believes that material appearing on the Internet infringes his, her or its
rights under U.S. copyright law. Office Designs complies with the DMCA by
responding to notices and counter-notices that meet the then-current DMCA
requirements. Current DMCA requirements may be found at
http://www.copyright.gov/.
Notification of Alleged Copyright
Infringement
If you have a good faith belief that
material appearing on the Site infringes your copyright, you (or your agent)
may send Office Designs a written notification pursuant to the DMCA (a "DMCA
Notice"). Your DMCA Notice should be sent to our Copyright Agent
(identified below), contain all of the information listed below (and as further
set forth in 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)(3)) and request that the material be removed or
that access to it be blocked. Your DMCA Notice must contain:
1. Identification in sufficient detail of
the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed. If multiple copyrighted
works on the Site are covered by a single notification, you may provide a
representative list of such works on the Site; however, the representative list
must contain sufficient detail for each of the copyrighted works so that we can
identify them;
2. Identification of the URL or other specific location on the Site that
contains the material that you claim to be infringing your copyright. You must
provide us with reasonably sufficient information to enable us to locate the
alleged infringing material and comply with your request to remove or deny
access to the material;
3. Your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available);
4. The electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or a
person authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf;
5. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material on
the Site as you have described in the DMCA Notice is not authorized by the
copyright owner or its agent or the law; and
6. A statement that you swear under penalty of perjury that the information
contained in your notification is accurate and that you are the copyright owner
or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right
that is allegedly infringed.
You must submit any notification of an
alleged copyright infringement to Office Designs' Copyright Agent by mail or
email as set forth below:
Office Designs Copyright Agent
Attn: Legal
722 Landwehr Road
Northbrook, IL 60062
Email: customercare@officedesigns.com (Re: "Office
Designs DMCA Notice")
If you fail to comply with all of the
above requirements, your DMCA Notice will not be valid. Please note that you
may be liable for damages, including court costs and attorneys' fees, if you
materially misrepresent that materials on the Site are infringing a copyright.
Counter Notification
If you believe in good faith that your own
copyrighted material has been removed from the Site as a result of mistake or
misidentification, you may submit a written counter notification letter to Office
Designs' Copyright Agent pursuant to Sections 512(g)(2) and (3) of the DMCA. To
be an effective counter notification under the DMCA, your written
correspondence must include substantially the following:
1. Identification of the material that has
been removed or disabled and the location at which the material appeared before
it was removed or disabled;
2. A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal district
court in which your address is located or the federal district court for Northbrook,
Illinois if your address is outside the United States;
3. A statement that you will accept service of process from the party that
filed the notification of alleged copyright infringement or the party's agent;
4. Your name, address and telephone number;
5. A statement that you swear under penalty of perjury that you have a good
faith belief that the material in question was removed or disabled as a result
of mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled, or
that the material identified by the complaining party has been removed or
disabled at the URL or web location and will no longer be shown or accessible;
and
6. Your physical or electronic signature.
You may submit your counter notification
to Office Designs' Copyright Agent by mail or email as set forth below:
Office Designs Copyright Agent
Attn: Legal Department
722 Landwehr Road
Northbrook, IL 60062
Email: customercare@officedesigns.com (please reference
"Office Designs DMCA Notice")
Upon receipt of a counter notice, Office Designs'
Copyright Agent may send a copy of it to the original complaining party
informing that party that Office Designs may replace the removed content or
cease disabling it. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court
order against Office Designs, the removed content may be replaced or access to
it restored by Office Designs.
You acknowledge that if you fail to comply
with all of the above requirements, your DMCA counter notification will not be
valid. Please note that if you materially misrepresent that the disabled or
removed content was removed by mistake or misidentification, you may be liable
for damages, including costs and attorneys' fees.
Send
Us Your Suggestions
Customer feedback is very important to us.
We are always looking for ways to serve you better. We want you to become a
lifelong shopper with Office Designs.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any
questions you have. We are here to serve you. We guarantee your satisfaction.
On most items, we offer a 30 day return policy. Please see our return policy for
specific information.
Thank you for your business.
By
Phone:
877-978-0062
By
Email:
customercare@officedesigns.com
By
Fax:
(847)-504-1700
By
Mail:
Office
Designs LLC
722 Landwehr Road
Northbrook, IL 60062
Design Tips & Special Product Promotions Sent to Your Inbox.
Sign Up
Our Products
Shop Quickship
Shop Category
Shop By Brand
Shop By Best-Sellers
Customer Care
Track My Order
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Exchanges
Office Designs Warranty Service
Financing with Affirm
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Our Services
Office Layout & Design
Small Business Program
Trade Program
Case Studies
Our Blog
Recent Articles
Workspace
Design How-Tos
Health & Well-being
Productivity
Space Planning
Tips & Advice
We're Here to Help:
877.696.3342
Hours of Operation
Monday–Friday: 7am–6pm CST
Copyright © 2019 OfficeDesigns.com. All rights reserved.   Terms of use   Privacy Policy
Sitemap