https://www.nealsyardremedies.com/terms-and-conditions-loyalty.html
Loyalty Terms & Conditions | Neal's Yard Remedies
On 22 August 2020, we improved our company Privacy Notice and Terms and Conditions, in line with the General Data Protection Regulation. These updated terms set out how we collect, store and handle your personal data. Close
£ GBP
€ EUR
Find a store
(
My Account )
Loyalty
Skip to content
Bag
View bag
(0)
Neal’s Yard Remedies
Contact us
Book a therapy
Menu
Search Catalog
Search
Neal’s Yard Remedies
Skip to content
Bag
View bag
(0)
Feel Good Loyalty
My Account
£ GBP
€ EUR
Contact us
Book a therapy
Find a store
Loyalty
Search Catalog
Search
Catalog Navigation
Skincare
Organic facial skincare
Face mask skin care essentials
What's new
Best sellers
Skincare favourites
Autumn Skincare
Eye & lip care
Facial cleansers & washes
Facial masks
Facial moisturisers
Facial oils & serums
Facial scrubs & polishes
Facial toners & mists
Men
Skincare kits
Vegan Collection
Microbead free beauty
Clearance
Products containing Coffee Extract
Shop by skin type
Normal skin
Dry skin
Sensitive skin
Oily skin
Radiance boost
Fine lines & lack of tone
Deep lines & lack of firmness
All Age Well
Shop by collection
Sensitive
Soothing Sensitive
Frankincense Intense
Frankincense Intense Lift
Rejuvenating Frankincense
All Frankincense
Rehydrating Rose
Nourishing Orange Flower
Purifying Palmarosa
Reviving White Tea
Wild Rose
Beauty Sleep
Men
Bath & Body
Bath
Foams, salts & oils
Shower gels & soaps
Accessories
Larger sizes
Bath time favourites
Body
Body polishes & powder
Body moisturisers
Massage & body oils
Fragrance
Deodorant
Hand washes, soaps & lotions
Foot care
Men
Gym bag heroes
Haircare
Shampoos
Conditioners
Hair treatments
Normal hair
Dry/damaged hair
Oily hair
All hair types
Larger sizes
Shop by collection
Defend & protect
Wild Rose
Seaweed & Arnica
Aromatic
English Lavender
Frankincense & Mandarin
Bee Lovely
Garden Mint & Bergamot
Geranium & Orange
Rose & Geranium
Citrus
Create your own
Mother & baby
Mother
Baby
Shop all mother & baby
Hand care
All hand care
Hand washes & soaps
Hand cream & lotions
Hand defence
Aromatherapy
Aromatherapy oils
Essential oils
Essential oil blends
Remedies to Roll
Massage oils
Create your own
Create your own range
Bottles & pumps
Ingredients
Home fragrance
Candles & room sprays
Electric diffusers and oil burners
Reed diffusers
Wellbeing
Inner support
All inner health
Vitamins & supplements
Food supplements
Love your gut
Essential fatty acids
Wellness for men
Women's health
Homoeopathy
Herbal Remedies
Herb of the month - St Johns Wort
Herb of the month - Chamomile
Herb of August - Calendula
Herb of July - Marshmallow
Herb of June - Rose
Herb of May - Lemon Balm
Herb of April - Liquorice
Herb of March - Nettle
Herbal tinctures
Dried herbs
Herbal teas
Herbal creams, salves & oils
Herbal syrups, sprays & pastilles
Bach Remedies
Bush Remedies
Health & Wellbeing
Family defence & wellness
Seasonal discomforts
Energy & vitality
Inner health for beautiful skin
Concentration
Inner cleanse
Digestive support
Sleep solutions
Stress busters
Books
Love your heart
Joints
Wellness for women
Gifts
Gifting
Gifts for Christmas
Stocking fillers
Skincare gifts
Bath & body gifts
All gifts
Gifts by price
Under £16
Under £35
Under £65
Over £65
Gift cards
Check balance
Therapies
About therapies
Book a therapy
Our locations
Our therapies
Join us as a therapist
Courses
All courses
Online Learning
Professional Courses
Workshops
About Us
Our brand
Natural inner and outer beauty
Our story
Our journey
Our eco headquarters
Blue bottles for a green future
Our commitments
Doing good
Why choose organic
Discover our campaigns
Ethical sourcing
Beauty that protects the planet
Packaging and recycling
Sustainability
About our ingredients
Sustainable ingredients ethically sourced
Our ingredient stories
Ingredients we avoid
Project Frankincense
Rosehip sustainability story
Our bee lovely story
Work with us
Join our team
Become a consultant
International
UK wholesale
Keep in touch
Contact us
Free UK Standard delivery on orders over £40
Your browser's Javascript functionality is turned off. Please turn it on so that you can experience the full capabilities of this site.
Loyalty Terms and Conditions
Feel Good Loyalty
Please note that we are temporarily unable to offer our Feel Good loyalty scheme online. You can still collect and redeem points in our stores If you have any queries, please contact Customer Care on 01747 834634.
The Feel Good Loyalty card scheme is owned and operated by Neal's Yard (Natural Remedies) Limited ("We", “Us”, “Our” or “Neal’s Yard Remedies”). We are registered in England and Wales under company number 01597194 and have our registered office at Peacemarsh, Gillingham, Dorset, SP8 4EU.
These Term and Conditions (including our Privacy Notice) govern the collection and use of Feel Good points and set out the terms of the contract between you and Neal’s Yard Remedies.
Use of the Feel Good Loyalty card implies acceptance of these Terms and Conditions of use. Feel Good Loyalty cards are issued by and remain the property of Neal’s Yard Remedies.
Neal’s Yard Remedies reserves the right to change these Terms and Conditions, at any time, on reasonable notice for legal, regulatory, business or notice reasons. Members of the Feel Good Loyalty card who continue to participate in the Feel Good Loyalty card scheme following notification of such a change will be considered to have accepted the updated terms and conditions.
Neal’s Yard Remedies may suspend or terminate the Feel Good Loyalty scheme at any time at our sole discretion and for any reason. In such event, Feel Good Loyalty members will be notified and all accounts will be suspended or terminated.
Feel Good Loyalty Card Scheme
You can apply to register to become a Feel Good Loyalty Card member and earn Feel Good points on qualifying purchases.
Neal’s Yard Remedies reserves the right to refuse an application for any reason and without liability.
If you register to become a member of the Feel Good Loyalty scheme you have to provide your name, address, email address and marketing preference.
You must ensure that the details you provide are correct, complete and not inappropriate in any way. You agree to inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering. Neal’s Yard Remedies cannot be held responsible for any loss of points, vouchers or promotional codes incurred as a result of out of date details.
Benefits
Some of the benefits of joining the Feel Good Loyalty card scheme are listed below:
Occasional prize draw and other competitions.
Feel Good points promotions.
Priority access to certain products, launches, events and promotions.
All benefits and promotions are at Neal’s Yard Remedies sole discretion, subject to availability and may have additional terms and conditions.
See our Feel Good Loyalty landing page for more details.
Exclusions
The Feel Good Loyalty scheme is only available at participating Neal’s Yard Remedies UK stores. Our Feel Good Loyalty scheme is unavailable online. Those stores not currently participating are Hereford, Edinburgh, and Beverley.
Feel Good points cannot be issued or redeemed on treatments (including Therapies), Gift Cards or Gift Vouchers, Courses (including the Neal’s Yard Remedies Diploma course).
Nealsyardremedies.com, the Neal’s Yard Remedies App, NYR Organic home consultants and other stockists are excluded from the Feel Good Loyalty scheme. Feel Good points cannot be redeemed or accrued on purchases made through these sales channels.
The Feel Good Loyalty card cannot be used in conjunction with any of Neal’s Yard Remedies ongoing loyalty or discount schemes including but not limited to therapies, courses, students, staff or corporate discount.
Staff of Neal’s Yard Remedies are not permitted to join the Feel Good Loyalty scheme.
Termination or Suspension
Neal’s Yard Remedies may terminate any Feel Good Loyalty member's account should the account be inactive for a period of 24 months or more.
Neal’s Yard Remedies reserves the right to suspend or terminate any Feel Good Loyalty member’s account, if, in its sole discretion, it determines that the Feel Good member has breached these Terms and Conditions, or if the Feel Good Loyalty card member has supplied false or misleading information, or if Neal’s Yard Remedies considers that the Feel Good Loyalty member has acted improperly or in an abusive, defamatory, criminal or offensive way to any other Feel Good Loyalty member or to any member of staff. This list is not exhaustive.
The Feel Good Loyalty card is a promotional loyalty card and not a cheque guarantee card, debit or credit card.
Card Management
Feel Good Loyalty accounts can be managed by contacting Customer Care 01747 834698 (Monday to Friday 9-5, Saturday 9-4.30) or 01747 834634 (Monday to Friday 10-5).
Feel Good Loyalty members can check their balance by visiting a Neal’s Yard Remedies store and can check their balance and the expiry of points by contacting Customer Care 01747 834698 (Monday to Friday 9-5, Saturday 9-4.30) or 01747 834634 (Monday to Friday 10-5).
Feel Good points issued or redeemed may take up to 24 hours to be applied to the member’s Feel Good Loyalty account.
Neal’s Yard Remedies will correct an account if it is shown to Neal’s Yard Remedies’ reasonable satisfaction to be wrong but, unless there are clear records showing this, Neal’s Yard Remedies’ decision is final.
Feel Good Loyalty accounts, cards, points, vouchers or promotional codes cannot be transferred, bought, sold or in any way traded.
Feel Good Loyalty Card members may inherit the points or vouchers of a family member who has died by providing a written request informing us of the membership details of the deceased.
Loss of Feel Good Loyalty card
Neal’s Yard Remedies is not responsible for the loss of a member's Feel Good Loyalty Card, which must be kept securely by the member.
If a Feel Good Loyalty member has their Feel Good Loyalty Card stolen, Feel Good Loyalty members may lose all of the Feel Good points that had accumulated on their card unless they contact Neal’s Yard Remedies promptly to notify them of their loss. Feel Good points may be transferred to a new card at Neal’s Yard Remedies’ sole discretion.
Neal’s Yard Remedies cannot be held liable for lost, stolen or damaged Feel Good loyalty cards, nor for any points accrued on or redeemed from the Feel Good loyalty points without your knowledge. Neal’s Yard Remedies reserves the right not to issue a replacement Feel Good loyalty card in any circumstances.
The Scheme
Standard Feel Good points are issued at 5 points per £1 on all in-store purchases, rounded to the nearest pound.
Feel Good points are only issued and can only be redeemed on transactions made in GBP £ Sterling.
There is no minimum or maximum basket value for accruing Feel Good points.
There is no minimum or maximum number of Feel Good points that can be used against purchases and Feel Good points can be used for full or part payment in-store.
Only one Feel Good Loyalty card can be used per transaction.
Feel Good points can only be issued retrospectively on in-store purchases, if a valid till receipt is presented with the Feel Good Loyalty Card.
Feel Good points cannot be issued retrospectively for purchases bought prior to the launch of the Feel Good Loyalty scheme membership.
The number of Feel Good points issued for a product may vary from time to time at Neal’s Yard Remedies’ sole discretion.
Feel Good points have no cash value. Feel Good points will not be exchanged for cash or other alternatives.
Feel Good points can be redeemed against valid purchases at a rate of 1 Feel Good point = 1p in-store. Any refund of items purchased using Feel Good points will be made by crediting the applicable amount of Feel Good points back onto the Feel Good Loyalty card used originally.
Neal’s Yard Remedies is under no obligation to award Feel Good points for any reason outside of qualifying transactions.
Feel Good points awarded at the time of the transaction may be removed or cancelled if Neal’s Yard Remedies determines that the Feel Good points were collected in breach of these Terms and Conditions or were awarded in error.
Neal’s Yard Remedies is entitled to remove Feel Good points at any time if products are returned for any reason and a full or partial refund of the purchase price is given. This also applies to the exchange of products, unless the exchange is for products with an equivalent Feel Good points value.
Neal’s Yard Remedies may set a limit on the number of times Feel Good points are awarded for promotional items on which additional Feel Good points are available.
Individual promotions may have different limits as communicated in their purchase conditions. Any participation in promotional offers above and beyond what could objectively be considered consumer behaviour or personal use may be considered as abuse of the scheme.
Neal’s Yard Remedies may, at its sole discretion, exclude products from the Feel Good Loyalty scheme.
Feel Good Loyalty members can earn a maximum of 30,000 points in any 12 month period.
Feel Good points expire 12 months after the last activity on the Feel Good Loyalty card i.e. accruing or redeeming Feel Good points.
Personal data
All personal data will be collected and used in accordance with our
Privacy Notice
By registering for the Feel Good Loyalty Card you are agreeing that Neal’s Yard Remedies (or our third party service provider) may update you by email with service messages for the Feel Good Loyalty Card Scheme. In addition, if you opt in to receive marketing communications, you will also receive marketing emails, promotional offers, competitions, news and updates from Neal’s Yard Remedies, Neal’s Yard Remedies Group Companies and our franchisees.
Intellectual Property
Neal’s Yard Remedies is the owner or the licensee of all intellectual property rights in the Feel Good Loyalty scheme. Those works are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved.
All logos, brands and trademarks used for the Feel Good Loyalty scheme including, but not limited to, Neal’s Yard Remedies and Feel Good Loyalty are owned by Neal’s Yard (Natural Remedies) Limited or its group companies. You may not use these without our consent.
General Information
These terms and conditions replace all previous versions, are correct as of 8 October 2020 and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England, and any disputes will be decided only by the English courts in accordance with English law.
The Feel Good Loyalty card and points, are issued by and remain the property of Neal’s Yard Remedies and must be returned to Neal’s Yard Remedies on request or destroyed when no longer valid for use.
Neal’s Yard Remedies may, at any time, terminate the Feel Good Loyalty Card scheme or alter or amend the conditions of operation of the scheme.
All members of the Feel Good Loyalty Card scheme must be resident in the UK and aged 18 years or over for purchases sent to UK addresses. Non-UK residents may register and use a Feel Good Loyalty card in participating UK stores only.
The Feel Good Loyalty card is not transferable can only be used by the Feel Good Loyalty card member who is named and registered for the card.
The Feel Good Loyalty card scheme is only for personal and consumer use. Feel Good Loyalty Cards cannot be used for any business transaction or purpose.
Feel Good Loyalty Card members can choose to leave the Feel Good Loyalty scheme at any time, however, Feel Good Loyalty members will lose the right to any points, vouchers or promotional codes already accrued or issued.
A person who is not a party to these Terms and Conditions shall have no right under the Contract (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of these Terms and Conditions, but this shall not affect any right or remedy of a third party which exists or is available apart from that Act.
The limit of Neal’s Yard Remedies’ liability will be exclusively to a Feel Good Loyalty Card member who suffers a direct loss as a result of our breach of these Terms and Conditions and in those circumstances Neal’s Yard Remedies sole and exclusive liability will be to credit to the relevant Feel Good Loyalty member's account with such Feel Good points as may have been wrongly deducted or should have been credited but were not.
About us
About us
Our ethics
Our journey
Our sustainability notice
Our campaigns
Join our team
Sitemap
Store currency
£ GBP
€ EUR
Customer care
FAQs
Delivery and returns
Privacy and cookies
Terms and conditions
Loyalty terms and conditions
Gender pay gap report
UK modern slavery act
Product safety notice
Contact us
Tel: 01747 834698
Useful links
NYR Organic
Neal’s Yard Remedies US
Neal’s Yard Remedies CN
NYR International
Affiliate program
Find us on social media
Facebook
Twitter
image/svg+xml
Instagram
YouTube
Pinterest
Our awards & certifications
Neals Yard Remedies - Our Promise
Accredited by the Soil Association
Accredited by Carbon Neutral
Award from Cruelty Free
Verified Visa
Mastercard
Visa
Maestro
Paypal
American Express
©
Neal's Yard (Natural Remedies) Limited