https://www.vintage-maps.com/en/privacy-statement:20
Privacy StatementPrivacy Statement1. Name and address of the person responsibleThe person responsible within the meaning of the Basic Data Protection Regulation and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations and the data protection officer is:Rainer J. Götzfried Martinusweg 488069 TettnangGermanyTel.: +49-7542-93960972. General information about data processing2.1 Scope of processing of personal dataWe only process personal data of our users to the extent necessary to provide a functional website as well as our content and services. The processing of our users' personal data is only carried out regularly with the user's consent. An exception applies in those cases in which prior consent cannot be obtained for real reasons and the processing of data is permitted by law.2.2 Legal basis for processing personal dataInsofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for processing personal data, Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) serves as the legal basis. For the processing of personal data required to fulfil a contract to which the data subject is a party, Article 6(1)(b) GDPR serves as the legal basis. This also applies to processing procedures which are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. To the extent that processing of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, Article 6(1)(c) GDPR serves as the legal basis. In the event that the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, Article 6(1)(d) GDPR serves as the legal basis. If processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and if the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the first-mentioned interest, Article 6(1)(1)(b) of the GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing.2.3 Data translation and storage timeThe personal data of the data subject will be disclosed or blocked as soon as the purpose of the storage ceases to apply. This data may also be stored if the European or national legislator has provided for this in EU regulations, laws or other provisions to which the person responsible is subject. The data will also be blocked or deleted if a storage period prescribed by the aforementioned standards expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for the conclusion or performance of a contract.3. Provision of the website and creation of log files3.1 Description and scope of data processingEvery time you visit our website, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer.The following data are collected:(1) Information about browser type and version used (2) User's operating system (3) User's Internet service provider (4) User's IP address (5) Date and time of access (6) Websites from which the user's system reaches our website (7) Websites accessed by the user's systemOur website The data is also stored in the log files of our system. This data is not stored together with other personal data of the user.3.2 Legal basis for data processingThe legal basis for the temporary storage of data and log files is Art. 6 Para.1 lit. f GDPR.3.3 Purpose of data processingThe temporary storage of the IP address by the system is necessary to enable the website to be delivered to the user's computer. For this purpose, the IP address of the user must remain stored for the duration of the session. It is stored in log files to ensure the functionality of our website. In addition, the data serves us to optimize the website and to ensure the security of our information technology systems. An evaluation of the data for marketing purposes does not take place in this context.In these purposes is also our legitimate interest in data processing according to Art. 6 para.1 lit. f GDPR.3.4 Duration of storageThe data will be collected as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. In the case of the collection of data for the provision of the website, this is the case when the respective session has ended.If the data is stored in log files, this is the case after seven days at the latest. Additional storage is possible. In this case, the IP addresses of the users are changed or alienated so that an assignment of the calling client is no longer possible.3.5 Contradiction and eliminationThe collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of data in log files is mandatory for the operation of the website. Consequently, there is no contradiction on the part of the user.4. Use of cookies4.1 Description and scope of data processingOur website uses cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in the Internet browser or by the Internet browser on the user's computer system. If a user visits a website, a cookie may be stored on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic string of characters that allows the browser to be uniquely identified when the website is accessed again.We use cookies to make our website more user-friendly. Some elements of our website require that the calling browser can be identified even after a page change.The following data is stored and transmitted in the cookies:(1) Language settings (2) Items in a shopping cart (3) Log-in information4.2 Legal basis for data processingThe legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.4.3 Purpose of data processingThe purpose of using technically necessary cookies is to simplify the use of websites for users. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. For this it is necessary that the browser is recognized even after a page change.We need cookies for the following applications:(1) Shopping Cart (2) Transfer of Language Settings (3) Log-In InformationThe user data collected by technically necessary cookies are not used to create user profiles.For these purposes, our legitimate interest also lies in the processing of personal data in accordance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR.4.4 Duration of storage, objection and removalCookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site by the user. Therefore you as a user have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your Internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it is possible that not all functions of the website can be used in full.5. Newsletter5.1 Description and scope of data processingYou can subscribe to a free newsletter on our website. When registering for the newsletter, the data from the input mask is transmitted to us.Additionally, the following data is collected at registration:(1) IP address of your computer (2) Date and time of registrationIn the course of the registration process, your consent will be obtained and reference will be made to this data protection declaration.If you purchase goods or services on our website and provide us with your e-mail address, we may subsequently use it to send you a newsletter. In such a case, the newsletter will only send direct advertising for your own goods or services.No data will be passed on to third parties in connection with data processing for the dispatch of newsletters. The data will only be used for sending the newsletter.5.2 Legal basis for data processingThe legal basis for the processing of data after registration for the newsletter by the user is Art. 6 Para.1 lit. a GDPR.The legal basis for sending the newsletter as a result of the sale of goods or services is § 7 para  3 UWG.5.3 Purpose of data processingThe collection of the user's e-mail address serves to deliver the newsletter.The collection of other personal data as part of the registration process serves to prevent misuse of the services or the e-mail address used.5.4 Duration of storageThe data will be collected as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. The user's e-mail address will therefore be stored for as long as the subscription to the newsletter is active.Other personal data collected in the registration process is usually collected after a seven-day period.5.5 Contradiction and eliminationThe subscription to the newsletter can be cancelled by the user concerned at any time. For this purpose there is a corresponding link in every newsletter. This also allows you to revoke your consent to the storage of personal data collected during the registration process.6. Registration6.1 Description and scope of data processingOn our website, we offer users the opportunity to register by providing personal information. The data is entered into an input mask and transmitted to us and stored. The data will not be passed on to third parties. The following data is collected during the registration process:(1) E-mail address (2) Last and first name
(3) Company name (optional) (4) Addresses for billing and shipping
(5) Telephone number (optional)The following data is also stored at the time of registration:(1) The user's IP address (2) Date and time of registrationAs part of the registration process, the user is asked to consent to the processing of this data.6.2 Legal basis for data processingThe legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 Para.1 lit. a GDPR.If the purpose of registration is to fulfil a contract to which the user is a party or to carry out pre-contractual measures, the additional legal basis for processing the data is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR.6.3 Purpose of data processingThe user must register in order to fulfil a contract with the user or to carry out pre-contractual measures. The collected data is required for invoicing and for the dispatch of the purchased goods.6.4 Duration of storageThe data will be collected as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. This is the case for the execution of a contract during the registration process or for the execution of pre-contractual measures if the data is no longer required for the execution of the contract. Even after conclusion of the contract, it may still be necessary to store personal data of the contractual partner in order to fulfil contractual or legal obligations.6.5 Contradiction and Remedial ActionAs a user you have the possibility to cancel the registration at any time. You can change or delete the data stored about you at any time. For this purpose, it is sufficient to inform us by e-mail, by telephone or via the contact form. If the data are required to fulfil a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible insofar as contractual or statutory obligations do not conflict with a solution.7. Contact form and email contact7.1 Description and scope of data processingThere is a contact form on our website which can be used for electronic contact. If a user perceives this possibility, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and stored. This data is:(1) E-mail address (2) MessageAt the time the message is sent, the following data is also saved:(1) The user's IP address (2) Date and time of transmissionWe will ask for your consent to the processing of your data and refer you to this privacy statement as part of the sending process.Alternatively, you may contact us via the email address provided. In this case, the user's personal data transmitted by e-mail will be stored.In this context, the data will not be passed on to third parties. The data will only be used for the processing of the conversation.7.2 Legal basis for data processingThe legal basis for the processing of the data is Art. 6 Para.1 lit. a GDPR.The legal basis for the processing of data transmitted in the course of an e-mail transmission is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. If the e-mail contact is aimed at the conclusion of a contract, the additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 Para.1 lit. b GDPR.7.3 Purpose of data processingThe processing of the personal data from the input mask serves us only for the treatment of the establishment of contact. In the event of contact by e-mail, this also constitutes the necessary legitimate interest in the processing of the data.The other personal data processed during the sending process are used to prevent misuse of the contact form and to ensure the security of our information technology systems.7.4 Duration of storageThe data will be collected as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose for which it was collected. For the personal data from the input mask of the contact form and those that were sent by e-mail, this is the case when the respective conversation with the user has ended. Conversation ends when it is clear from the circumstances that the matter in question has been finally resolved.Additional personal data collected during the sending process will be collected after seven days at the latest.7.5 Contradiction and Remedial ActionThe user may at any time revoke his/her consent to the processing of personal data. If the user contacts us by e-mail, he can object to the storage of his personal data at any time. In such a case the conversation cannot be continued. For this purpose, it is sufficient to inform us by e-mail, by telephone or via the contact form. In this case, all personal data stored in the course of contacting us will be deleted.8. Web analysis by Google Analytics8.1 Description and scope of personal data processingThis website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA). Google Analytics uses cookies (text files) which are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of your visit to this website. Data about your visit to this website which are generated by the cookie (including your IP address) are transmitted and stored on a server operated by Google in the USA. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will also transfer this information to third parties, either if this is required by law or if third parties process data on behalf of Google. Google will not allow your IP address to be linked to other personal data. You can prevent cookies from being saved by changing your browser settings.We use the Google Analytics Add-on "anonymizeIP" to shorten or make your IP address anonymous. This prevents personal data from being collected via IP addresses. Thus, Google only stores an anonymized IP address.If individual pages of our website are called up, the following data is transmitted to Google:(1) The IP address of the user's calling system (2) The accessed website (3) The website from which the user accessed the accessed website (referrer) (4) The sub-pages accessed from the accessed website (5) The time spent on the website (6) The Hä(7) Information about the browser software used to access the web page (7) Information about the browser software used to access the web page8.2 Legal basis for processing personal dataThe legal basis for processing users' personal data is Article 6(1)(f) of the GDPR.8.3 Purpose of data processingThe processing of users' personal data allows us to analyse the surfing behaviour of our users. We are able to compile information about the use of the individual components of our website by evaluating the data obtained. This helps us to continuously improve our website and its user-friendliness. For these purposes, our legitimate interest also lies in the processing of data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR. By anonymizing the IP address, users' interest in protecting their personal data is sufficiently taken into account.8.4 Duration of storageThe data will be deleted when it is no longer needed for our recording purposes. In our case, this is the case after 26 months.8.5 Contradiction and eliminationCookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted to our site by the user. Therefore you as a user have full control over the use of cookies. By changing the settings in your Internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. Cookies that have already been saved can be deleted at any time. This can also be done automatically. If cookies are deactivated for our website, it is possible that not all functions of the website can be used in full.You can stop the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. A cookie is placed in your browser to prevent this website from sending your information to Google: click here to enable Google Analytics opt-out. This will disable Google Analytics on this website. If you want to deactivate Google Analytics on all websites you visit in the future, please follow this link and install the corresponding add-on in your browser: Browser-Add-on to Opt-out Google Analytics.9. Google FontsThis website uses Google Fonts, a service provided by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google Privacy Statement, Google Opt-Out.10. Payment by credit cardIf you pay by credit card (VISA, Mastercard or American Express), payment will be processed by the payment provider “Stripe“ (Stripe Payments Europe Ltd, Block 4, Harcourt Centre, Harcourt Road, Dublin 2, Ireland). The required data (credit card number, validity and check number) are forwarded encrypted to the payment provider and cannot be viewed by us as website operators. Stripe Payments Europe Ltd is certified to the Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) and is subject to the Safe Harbour Agreement. The payment provider may transfer, process and store personal data outside of the the EU which is necessary to process the payment. Stripe is solely responsible for the processing of these data. Please refer to the Payment Provider's General Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for details: https://stripe.com/de/legal11. Rights of the person affected11.1 Right to informationYou may request the data controller to give us permission to process personal data concerning you. If such processing has taken place, you can request the following information from the person responsible:(1) the purposes for which the personal data are processed; (2) the categories of personal data that are processed; (3) the recipients, and the categories of recipients against whom the personal data concerning you have been or will be disclosed; (4) the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information is not available, criteria for determining the storage period; (5) the existence of a right to correction or deletion of the personal data concerning you, a right to limitation of the storage period or the right to have the personal data stored for a limited period of time;(6) the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority; (7) all available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject; (8) the existence of automated decision making including profiling in accordance with Art.At least in these cases, there is meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.You have the right to request information as to whether the personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. In this context, you may request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees in accordance with Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission.11.2 Right to correctionYou have the right to have your personal data corrected and/or completed by the data controller if the personal data processed concerning you are incorrect or incomplete. The person responsible shall make the correction without delay.11.3 Right to restrict processingYou may request that the processing of personal data concerning you be restricted under the following conditions:(1) if you dispute the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period that allows the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data; (2) the processing is unlawful and you object to the processing of the personal data and, instead, the restriction of your personal data;(3) the data controller does not require the personal data for the purposes of the processing any longer, but you do need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or (4) if you object to the processing in accordance with Art.It has not yet been established whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons.If the processing of personal data concerning you has been restricted, such data may only be processed – apart from being stored with your consent or in order to assert, exercise or defend rights or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or on grounds of an important public interest of the Union or a Member State.If the processing restriction is restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by the person responsible before the restriction is lifted.11.4 Right to privacyYou may require the data controller to promptly disclose personal data concerning you and the data controller is obliged to disclose such data immediately if any of the following reasons apply:(1) Personal information about you is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed.(2) You revoke your consent, on which the processing was based in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR, and there is no other legal basis for the processing.(3) You file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 1 GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing or you file an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 para. 2 GDPR.(4) The personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.(5) The processing of personal data concerning you is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the data controller is subject.(6) The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with Art. 8 para. 1 GDPR.The right to redress does not exist to the extent that processing is necessary for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.11.5 Right to informationIf you have exercised your right to rectification, cancellation or limitation of the processing against the controller, the controller is obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed of such rectification or limitation;This is not possible unless this proves to be unreasonable or involves disproportionate effort.You have the right to be informed of such recipients by the person responsible.11.6 Right to data portabilityYou have the right to receive the personal information about you that you have provided to the owner in a structured, accessible and machine-readable format. In addition, you have the right to transfer this data to another controller without interference by the controller to whom the personal data have been provided, provided(1) processing is based on consent pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 para. 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b GDPR and(2) processing is carried out using automated procedures.By exercising this right, you also have the right to request that the personal data concerning you be transferred directly by a responsible person to another responsible person, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other persons may not be affected by this.The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of public authority conferred on the controller.11.7 Right of objectionYou have the right to object at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation to the processing of personal data concerning you, which is carried out on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. or GDPR; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.The controller no longer processes the personal data concerning you, unless he can prove compelling reasons for protection which outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, enforce or defend legal claims.If personal data concerning you are processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such advertising, including profiling, in so far as it is related to such direct marketing.If you object to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.You have the possibility to exercise your right of opposition by means of automated procedures using technical specifications in connection with the use of Information Society services, notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC.11.8 Right to revoke the data protection declaration of consentYou have the right to revoke your data protection declaration of consent at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until revocation.11.9 Right to complain to a supervisory authorityWithout prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you are staying, working or suspected of having infringed the GDPR, if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you is contrary to it.The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Article 78 GDPR.
Accept We use cookies to optimize and continuously improve our website. By continuing to use this website, you agree to the use of cookies. Further information on cookies can be found in our Privacy Statement.