https://www.the-daily-record.com/story/lifestyle/2020/09/13/send-help-salesperson-cuts-chase/3461505001/
Send Help! Salesperson cuts to the chaseJohn C. LorsonColumnistDecades ago, a friend asked if Kristin and I would sit for a special presentation by his daughter. Tom explained that Ruthie had been working her way through college by trying out different minimum wage jobs with very limited success. Each one, it seemed, had its own set of drawbacks and shortcomings. Some jobs were too hard. Some were too easy. And some were just right — except for requiring her to work on weekends and evenings when everyone else was out having fun. A chatty, likable girl, her dad had encouraged her to play her strengths by seeking a job in sales. She’d promptly digested the “Help Wanted” ads, landed an interview and was now training to become a sales consultant.“Listen, all I’m asking is that you sit through her sales spiel,” Tom said. “I don’t expect you to buy a thing, she just needs normal people to practice on.”“First, if you’re looking for ‘normal people’ you may have come to the wrong place,” I laughed. “But if she’s willing to look beyond that, we’ll be all ears. Kristin followed a similar path, you know. She was actually selling vacuum cleaners when we met. So, what’s Ruthie’s ware?”“Oh, that would be knives!” Tom said with a chuckle. “My lovely young lady is in the business of selling knives.”The sales pitch was delightful. Ruthie had obviously been a quick study, and Kristin and I learned more than we would have ever wished to know about a lot about fine cutlery — including the term “fine cutlery.” Her delivery was flawless as was her demonstration and we were, dare I say, fully smitten with the product line. True to form of the world’s greatest salespeople, she had done an outstanding job of craftily omitting even the slightest clue on the price of these “best-in-the-business, once-in-a-lifetime” knives until the very end of the presentation. (Drumroll please ...)The full set of kitchen knives was twice what I’d paid for Kristin’s wedding ring, more than I’d ponied up for the truck I was driving and just a bit beyond half of the down payment on our home! There would be no need to create space on the countertop for “The Ultimate Set Block” or any other block for that matter. Kristin and I would simply continue with the same rag-tag assortment of cut rate, hand-me-down, yard-sale cutlery we’d been using for years. We did buy a single, small, spatula-like utensil to support Ruthie’s new endeavor, but even that one required a credit check and two letters of reference.   The whole episode left us curiously affected. We started to ask ourselves strange questions. Were our kitchen knives looked upon with scorn by our friends and contemporaries? Were we raising our children to simply accept cutlery mediocrity? Were we spending precious minutes of our lives sawing our way through our pork chops while a better world was easily within reach—and guaranteed for life?In what can best be described as a typical Lorsonesque compromise, we bought an entire set of “Guaranteed Stainless” kitchen knives, complete with a butcher-block style countertop rack for the price of a good-sized holiday ham at a scratch and dent store. The rest of the story comes next week. See you then!   Write to John Lorson Send Help, P.O. Box 170, Fredericksburg, OH 44627. Kristin and I would love to hear from you! Be sure to check out Facebook for time-lapse film clips of Kristin’s artwork and other fun stuff at JohnLorsonSendHelp)