http://www.thecozycactus.com/faqs.html#privacy
FAQs & Policies
Order Online or call us:
623-587-8060
HomeAbout UsContact UsFAQsGift Certificates
Please feel free to 	email us with any questions or concerns you do not find answered on this page.
Sizing
Please use our
Sizing Chart for accuracy when ordering shirts.
Most of our shirts are true to size, but they do run small compared to some designer brands.
When in doubt, order a size larger.
Shipping & Handling
Orders are shipped within 7 business days of receipt of payment.*
If quicker service is needed, please put a note in checkout or email us and we will make every attempt to accommodate your request (usually not a problem).
Items are shipped by USPS Priority Mail.
Robes and large orders may be shipped by UPS ground service or FedEx ground service.
$6.95 ($.01 - $38.00)
$10.95 ($38.01 - $80.00)
$18.95 ($80.01 - $240.00)
$29.95 ($240.01 Please contact us for large orders)
Please contact us by email or phone (623-587-8060) for Express Shipping or
International availability and charges.
International Shipping
At this time, some international shipping charges will not appear when checking out.
If they do not, we will contact you by email with the amount required. For rates that do appear: rates do fluctuate and are subject to change.
You will be contacted within 24 hours about any shipping costs changes.
For children's shirts, this charge is usually $18.95 (1-2 infant/toddler shirts) or $26.95 (larger and/or 2 or more shirts).
Please contact us for other items.
Please note that The Cozy Cactus is not responsible for delays or additional fees that may be charged at customs.
These charges are the responsibility of the buyer or recipient.
*Throws & robes may take up to 5 days longer.
Can you enclose a Gift Card?
Free gift cards are available. Please include your message here and add to cart
We will be sure to enclose it with your gift.
Can thread Colors be changed?
Yes, you may request color schemes or thread color changes with no additional cost.
Just add your preference to your cart by using the "special instructions" box found at the bottom of each page.
Please note that thread colors may vary slightly in pictures due to photographing and individual monitor settings.
Thread colors may be altered slightly to compliment colored backgrounds other than pictured.
Returns/Refunds
The Cozy Cactus is dedicated to providing quality products you will love, but if for any reason, you are not satisfied, you may return unpersonalized items within 30 days in its original condition for a refund of the purchase price.
We are sorry, but we are unable to accept returns on items personalized with name, date or monograms.
If we have made an error in personalization, we will promptly exchange the item with the correct embroidery.
Cancelled orders will be charged a 3% fee.
Check and Money Orders
Checks and money orders made payable to "The Cozy Cactus" are accepted.
Please contact us and we will promptly email you the address to send payment and order. E-checks are accepted through PayPal. Items will not be shipped prior to check clearing (usually 4 business days).
Credit Cards
Credit card payments are securely processed through PayPal and will appear on your statement as "PayPal *COZY CACTUS".
Questions regarding PayPal can be answered at PayPal.com.
You do not have to be a member of PayPal to place an order.
You may order securely without becoming a member by selecting "No, I do not have a PayPal account" on the left side at checkout and you will then have the option to use your credit or debit card.
It will note if you have a PayPal account and you can choose "Continue without logging in" at bottom to use credit or debit card.
Receipts
A receipt for your purchase will be email to you when check out is completed.
Please print a copy of this receipt for your records.
If you need a copy sent to you, just let us know and we will gladly enclose another one in your shipment.
Privacy Policy
As a valued customer or visitor, The Cozy Cactus fully respects your privacy and personal information.
We do not use "cookies" and we promise that The Cozy Cactus will not, under any circumstance,
sell, trade or share your personal information with any third parties unless otherwise required by law.
When you make a purchase from The Cozy Cactus or subscribe to our mailing list, personal information such as your name, address, phone number, email address and
similar information is collected.
The purpose in collecting this information is to provide a secure and efficient checkout, process transactions, send transaction notices, provide the items you request,
collect/refund fees, resolve disputes and email you a marketing newsletter, containing an unsubscribe link, no more than 6 times per year.
Information on PayPal's Privacy Policy and secure check out processes can be found at PayPal.com.
Newsletter Subscription
Please subscribe to our newsletter for sales and announcements of new items.
Emails will
be sent out no more then 6 times per year and, of course, your information is included in our Privacy Policy above.
Other Questions
Please email us or call 623-587-8060 with any remaining questions/comments you may have.
Add Name:+ $3.00
Additional Charge:+ $6.00
Additional Shipping orSpecial Order:+ $10.00
Additional Shipping:+ $64.00
Additional Shipping:+ $14.00
Additional Shipping:+ $19.50
Additional ShippingFedEx 2 Day Shipping:+ $53.00
Additional ShippingFedEx Overnight:+ $90.00
Baby Gifts
Baby Blankets
Baptism Gifts
Rompers
Burp Cloths
First Christmas
Children's Gifts
Big Brother shirts
Big Sister t-shirts
Big Sister/Brother     Sweatshirts
Princess Gifts
Monogrammed    Bathrobes
Wedding Gifts
Wedding Throws
Monogrammed     Bathrobes
His/Hers     Bathrobes
Bride/Groom     Bathrobes
Bridal Party Gifts
Luxury Robes
Teacher Gifts
Denim Shirts
Sweatshirts
Tote Bags
Holiday Gifts
Denim Shirts
Sweatshirts
First Christmas
Southwest
Logo/Custom
-- CLEARANCE --
Big SisterT-Shirts
Big BrotherT-Shirts
Email to Friend
Subscribe to Newsletter
Secure OnlinePayments:
HomeContact UsFAQsGift CertificatesPrivacy PolicyResourcesSite-MapAdd-a-LinkView Cart
Email Us
URL:
www.thecozycactus.com
©2001 thecozycactus.com    All Rights Reserved
Find embroidered personalized baby gifts, wedding gifts, bridal-party blankets, teacher shirts,
big brother t-shirts, big sister t-shirts & sweatshirts, personalized blankets and more at The Cozy Cactus.