http://www.roadpost.com/roadpost-legal-notice
This website makes use of cookies to enhance browsing experience and provide additional functionality.
Review our privacy policy.
Accept Cookies
Satellite Phone Plans
Iridium Global Monthly Plans
Inmarsat IsatPhone Global Monthly Plans
Inmarsat IsatPhone North America Plans
Iridium GO! Plans
Iridium GO!
Monthly Plans
Relevant Links
Iridium Prepaid vs. Monthly Airtime
IsatPhone Prepaid vs. Monthly Airtime
Iridium Network
Inmarsat Network
View All
Prepaid Cards
For Iridium Phones
Global Prepaid Cards
Canada/Alaska Region Card
Latin America Region Card
For Iridium GO!
Global Iridium GO! Prepaid Cards
Canada/Alaska Region Card
For IsatPhone
Global IsatPhone Prepaid Cards
Relevant Links
Iridium Prepaid vs. Monthly Airtime
IsatPhone Prepaid vs. Monthly Airtime
Iridium Network
Inmarsat Network
View All
Rentals
Daily Rentals
Iridium Daily Rentals, starting at $8/day
Monthly Rental
Iridium Monthly Rentals, starting at $195/mo
3-Month Rental
Iridium 3-Month Rentals, starting at $115/mo
Relevant Links
Compare Satellite Phone Rentals
How to Rent a Satellite Phone
Why Choose Roadpost?
Iridium Network
View All
Business Solutions
Lone Worker Safety Solutions
GeoPro Lone Worker Safety Solution
Emergency Preparedness
Solutions Overview
Iridium Push-to-Talk (PTT)
PTT Solution Overview
Iridium Extreme PTT Device
Relevant Links
Compare Lone Worker Safety Monitoring Apps
Lone Worker Safety Compatible Devices
Best Satellite Phones for Businesses
Iridium Network
Home
Legal Notice
Legal Notice
This legal notice applies to all proprietary material available through Roadpost website, hereafter referred to as "this Site."
Intellectual Property: Unless otherwise noted, product names, designs, logos, titles, text, images, audio and video within this Site are the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights or other property of Roadpost (Roadpost's Intellectual Property). all other unregistered and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Roadpost's Intellectual Property displayed on this Site without the written permission of Roadpost
Use of this Site: Roadpost maintains this Site for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. Please feel free to browse this Site. You may download material displayed on this Site for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, re-use, re-post, or use the content of this Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without Roadpost's written permission. Changes periodically are made to the information contained in this Site.
No Warranties; Limitation of Liability: THIS SITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Roadpost also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any such damages to or viruses that may infect your computer equipment, software, data or other property on account of your access to, use of, browsing in this Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from this Site or any linked sites.
In no event shall Roadpost or any other party involved creating, producing, maintaining or delivering this Site, or any of their affiliates, or the officers, directors, employees, shareholders, or agents of each of them, be liable for any damages of any kind, including without limitation any direct, special, incidental, indirect, exemplary, punitive or consequential damages, whether or not advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability whatsoever, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of, or your browsing in, or your links to other sites from this Site.
Unaffiliated Products and Sites: Descriptions of, or references to, products, publications or sites not owned by Roadpost or its affiliates do not imply endorsement of that product, publication or site. Roadpost has not reviewed all material linked to this Site and is not responsible for the content of any such material. Your linking to any other sites is at your own risk.
Communications with this Site: You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. Roadpost will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Roadpost to disclose the identity of or help identify or locate anyone posting any such information or materials.
Any communication or material you transmit to this Site by e-mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. Roadpost cannot prevent the "harvesting" of information from this Site, and you may be contacted by Roadpost or unrelated third parties, by e-mail or otherwise, within or outside of this Site. Anything you transmit may be edited by or on behalf of Roadpost, may or may not be posted to this Site at the sole discretion of Roadpost and may be used by Roadpost or its affiliates for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, Roadpost is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this Site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Although Roadpost may from time to time monitor or review discussions, chats, postings, transmissions, bulletin boards, and the like on this Site, Roadpost is under no obligation to do so and assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on this Site. Roadpost assumes no responsibility or liability for any actions or communications by you or any unrelated third party within or outside of this Site.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction: This Agreement shall be governed in accordance with the laws of Washington State USA, without regard to any provision that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. The parties further agree that any claim, action or lawsuit under this Agreement must be brought in a court located in Washington State USA and each party waives its right to claim the same is an inconvenient forum. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. In no event shall either party be required to perform any obligation under this Agreement if it is determined that performance of such obligation violates any U.S. or foreign law, rule, or regulation.