http://www.taylorvertex.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Products
Dealer Locator
Support
Careers
Search
View Cart
Contact
Taylor Cable Product Search by Year, Make and Model
View All Products
Spark Plug Wire Sets & Accessories
Vertex Magnetos
Battery Products
Billet Products & Accessories for Jeeps
Boot & Heat Protection
Coil Covers for Ignition Coils
Coil On Plug
Convoluted Tubing and Assortments
Distributor Components
Fuel Systems & Carburetion
Gaskets
Locking Fasteners Vibe-Lock
Motorcycle Series
Oil Pump Dyno
Spacer-Max Valve Cover Spacer
Switches, Panels, Lights, and Starter Kits
Top Glass Taylor Optical Plastics
Tire Pressure Equalizer
U-Joint Saver
Throttle Body Spacer - Helix Power Tower Plus
Tools
VMAX Intake Manifold Spacer
WheelRite Simulator
Product Search
Taylor Cable Products > Privacy Policy
Taylor Cable Products Privacy Information
Taylor Cable Products recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of the taylorvertex.com website. We created the following policy guidelines with a fundamental respect for our users´ right to privacy to guide our relationships with our users.
Our Shopping Cart uses Shopatron... information below is for both Shopatron, Inc. and Taylor Cable Products, Inc.
© Copyright 2000-2009, Shopatron, Inc. and Taylor Cable Products, Inc.. All Rights Reserved.
Aspects of the Shopatron network are either patented, patent-pending, or patent-applied-for.
Information We Collect
The Shopatron service collects information about the use of the service to provide a secure and personalized experience. This includes the customer's name, purchasing records, and shopping patterns.
We may collect information when you: (a) place an order via the Shopatron service; (b) send email messages or other information to us.
Like many other websites, Shopatron uses a standard technology called "cookies." Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your hard drive and not on our site. They can help make your Internet experience quicker and more convenient. Cookies let you keep shopping cart information independent from our servers. They help us understand how customers use our service, which allows us to improve and tailor the service. You will not be able to use the Shopatron service if you disable cookies.
Disclosure of Information
We do not sell, rent, or loan your information to third parties without your permission. So, for example, we do not sell your email address or other information to mass marketers.
If you wish for members of the Shopatron network (manufacturers and order fulfillment partners) to contact you with special product-related offers, specify that you'd like to receive newsletters when you complete your purchase. Otherwise, members of our network do not contact you unless it is necessary to complete an order you've placed. To view or modify your preferences, select the Newsletters option in the My Account area.
Privacy Protection for Children
In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we do not knowingly provide our service to persons under the age of 18.
Security Procedures
The Shopatron service has built-in security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and alteration. We use industry-standard practices, such as encrypted storage and password protection systems, to safeguard the confidentiality of information.
Security Standards
Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and is among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that the information cannot be read as it travels over the Internet.
We do not accept credit card numbers delivered by email. You should never send credit card information by email, as it is not secure.
Shopatron is a convenient shopping service for consumers on the hunt. Our focus on effective security benefits customers by reducing fraud and improving the overall level of service.
GeoTrust Security
Shopatron uses industry-standard GeoTrust security to ensure that manufacturers, consumers, and retailers can connect, communicate, and transact with confidence.
MORE HELPFUL LINKS
ORDERING INFO
SAFETY and SECURITY
PRIVACY
POLICIES
If you have any questions about our privacy statement, the practices of this site, your transaction with www.taylorvertex.com, or return policy you can contact us.
Address all correspondence to:
Mailing Address
TAYLOR CABLE PRODUCTS, INC.
301 Highgrove Road
Grandview, MO 64030
Taylor Cable Product Search by Year, Make and Model
home press catalog pricing warranty promotional aids sponsorships careers sitemap search view cart contact
Questions? Frequently Asked Questions | Privacy | TOLL-FREE: (800) 821-3600 | Contact Us
Taylor Cable Products Inc.
301 Highgrove Road
Grandview, Missouri 64030
Taylor Cable Products, Inc. ©2000-2020 All Rights Reserved
Website powered by Toose Technologies - www.toose.com