https://www.richardsonscharts.com/privacy-statement
Our Privacy Statement
We Respect Your Privacy
As part of the operation of this Website, Maptech® gathers certain types of information about users of this Website. We are very careful how we use this information, and we are committed to protecting your privacy. This policy describes the types of information gathered, what is done with it, and how to correct or change the information.
Information That We Gather About You
Maptech® collects two types of personally identifying information from users who register at this Website or click on this Website: personal information (such as names and e-mail addresses) and aggregated information (such as information about how many users log into this Website on a daily basis and other information about traffic patterns on this Website).
Personal information is collected when users voluntarily provide personal information to Maptech®, such as when they register, answer surveys, purchase items from Maptech®, or register for contests and other promotional opportunities provided by Maptech®.
Maptech® uses various methods to collect aggregated user information, such as which pages users access or visit, and information volunteered by users, such as survey information and/or site registrations. For example, when you click on this Website, our servers log your IP address, which is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Internet. Maptech® uses IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to collect aggregated data about the volume of use on this Website.
What We Do With Information Gathered About You
Maptech® uses both the personal and aggregated information that it collects for various purposes. The information is used to improve the content of this Website, to customize the content and/or layout of this Website for each user, and to notify users about updates to this Website or promotional offers or opportunities that we believe would be of interest.
Maptech® DOES NOT share personal information with third parties for marketing or promotional purposes.
Maptech® MAY disclose personal information, when it believes in good faith that such disclosure is legally required, to protect its rights or the safety of others.
Maptech® MAY share aggregated website traffic information with some third parties for advertising, promotional and other business purposes.
If you object to Maptech's® use of any personal information that you may provide for any reason, you may stop such use by contacting us via email at sales@Maptech.com.
Use of Forums on This Website
Maptech® makes use of moderated threaded discussions, commonly known as a "Public Forum". Any information that you disclose in a Public Forum WILL become public and be shared with others. You should always exercise caution when disclosing personal information in a Public Forum.
Credit Card Information
When you purchase from Maptech®, we request your credit card information from a "secure server" [you will see "https://" instead of the usual "http://"]. The secure server software encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. For security reasons, Maptech® does not store your credit card number on this Website or in cookies on your computer. This is why you are asked to re-enter your credit card information every time you place a new order at this Website.
Third Party Web Sites
This Website contains links to other third party websites. Maptech® is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of third party websites.
Use of Cookies
Maptech® uses "cookies" to collect certain information while respecting your privacy. A "cookie" is a small data file that many websites write to your hard drive for record-keeping purposes when you visit websites. Cookies allow Maptech® to measure activity on the Website and to improve your enjoyment of the Website by, for example, remembering your passwords and viewing preferences.
Maptech® does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally written to your hard drive by Maptech®. Maptech® does not use any information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes or share such information with any third parties, other than information that you voluntarily provided to Maptech® as described above.
Most web browsers are initially set to accept cookies; if you prefer, you can set your web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of this Website will not function properly if your web browser is set to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Correcting, Changing or Deleting Your Personal Information
You may correct or change or ask us to delete your personal information via email at sales@Maptech.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes to this web page. However, even if there are later changes, we will never use your personal information in a new way (in a way not described in this current Privacy Policy) without also providing you a prior opportunity to opt out or otherwise prevent that new use.
Like us on Facebook