https://www.cobbtuning.com/terms-and-conditions-of-sale/
blog_comments
cobb-logo
cobbway_arrows_l
cobbway_arrows_r
edge_ico_cart
edge_ico_exit
edge_ico_fb
edge_ico_googs
edge_ico_insta
edge_ico_profile
edge_ico_search
edge_ico_tube
edge_ico_tumblr
edge_ico_twitter
install_effort_active
install_effort_full
install_effort_full_bg
install_effort_inactive
locations_austin
locations_maps_icon-current
locations_maps_icon
locations_plano
locations_socal
locations_surgeline
manuals_available
maps_available
maps_sort_off
maps_sort_on
nav_arrow
nav_help_s
nav_loader_l
nav_loader_s
nav_login_s
nav_logo
products
maps
Tuners
blog
support
nav_menu_s
nav_search_l
nav_search_s
products
maps
Tuners
blog
support
notes_available
package_deal_arrows
product_arrows_l
careers
about
find a dealer
dyno database
contact us
privacy policy
product_arrows_r
review_active_l
review_active_s
review_inactive_l
review_inactive_s
review_input_l
review_input_large
shutter_close
shutter_open
swipe_dots_off
swipe_dots_on
wishlist
zoom_box
TERMS OF SALE
TERMS OF SALE
These Sales Terms apply to “www.cobbtuning.com”,” and “dealer.cobbtuning.com” (collectively, “the Websites”) operated by COBB Tuning Products LLC.
The Online Shop is owned by and operated by COBB Tuning Products LLC (herein, “COBB Tuning Products LLC”, “we” or “us” as the context may require). COBB Tuning Products LLC is the seller of the Products.
With regard to your purchases in the Online Shop we will communicate electronically by sending email or posting electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that are provided electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. Please note that these Sales Terms give you specific rights, and you may have other rights, which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
ABOUT THESE SALES TERMS
These Sales Terms only apply to purchases made in this Online Shop. Other COBB Tuning Products LLC web sites on the internet may have different terms and conditions. From time to time COBB Tuning Products LLC may change or alter these Sales Terms which will be applicable to orders placed on or after the effective date stated by COBB Tuning Products LLC.
Information contained in COBB Tuning Products LLC’s advertising, brochures or other written materials, on COBB Tuning Products LLC web sites or given to you, is for information only and not an offer by COBB Tuning Products LLC to supply any Products.
BY PLACING AN ORDER FOR PRODUCTS YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND ACCEPT THESE SALES TERMS
Additional terms and conditions are required to be accepted for Employee or other Hookup purchase programs.
PLACING AN ORDER
Please note that we deliver the Products Internationally as well as within the United States.
To be able to buy Products you must:
Provide your name and address, phone number, email address, payment details and other required information.
Be at least 18 years of age.
Provide a delivery address in the United States (Note that COBB Tuning Products LLC is unable to deliver to certain addresses).
Be the owner or authorized holder of a valid debit/credit card. You may place an order by clicking on the “Add to cart” button and proceeding to the checkout page.
When you create a COBB Tuning Products LLC account you will also create a personal user identification (your username) and password. Keep your password protected at all times and do not disclose it to anyone else as you are personally responsible for each purchase made using your user identification and password. All information collected shall be subject to COBB Tuning Products LLC’s Privacy Policy.
ORDER PROCESSING AND CONTRACT FORMATION
You agree that your order is an offer to buy the Products listed in your order under these Sales Terms. All orders must be accepted by COBB Tuning Products LLC. We may choose not to accept abnormal orders and orders which COBB Tuning Products LLC suspects are not placed in good faith. After having received your order, we will send you an acknowledgement email (“Your COBB Tuning Products LLC Order”) with your order number and details of the items you have ordered.
Acceptance of your order and the formation of the contract of sale between COBB Tuning Products LLC and you will not take place unless and until you have received your COBB Tuning Products LLC order confirmation email.
You have the option to cancel your order at any stage by contacting COBB Tuning Products LLC customer service by calling 1-866-922-3059 before we have sent Your COBB Tuning Products LLC Order confirmation email.
PRICES, SHIPPING AND HANDLING, CHARGES AND TAXES
The price charged for a Product will be the price in effect at the time the order is placed and will be set out in the order receipt and order confirmation emails. COBB Tuning Products LLC may change prices at any time without notice. Price increases will only apply to orders placed after such changes.
COBB Tuning Products LLC charges sales tax where required by law. If you are shipping to states where sales tax is charged, the appropriate charges will be added to your merchandise total and displayed in your COBB Tuning Products LLC Order. Prices for the Products do not include charges for shipping and handling.
Separate charges for tax and shipping will be itemized in your shopping cart and on Your COBB Tuning Products LLC order confirmation email.
PRODUCT AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERY, CIRCUMSTANCES BEYOND REASONABLE CONTROL
COBB Tuning Products LLC does not guarantee the availability of any Product in the Online Shop. COBB Tuning Products LLC reserves the right, without liability or earlier notice, to change, discontinue or stop making any Product.
We will provide you with the information on the latest expected delivery date which will not exceed 30 days unless you specifically agree on a later date.
In case you unreasonably defer delivery or delay the receipt of delivery after we have notified you that we have tried to deliver the ordered items to you, or if you have provided us with an incorrect delivery address which results in an unsuccessful delivery, the delivery package will be returned to us.
Delivery options are defined in checkout and may change. Delivery based on the option selected is not guaranteed. Reimbursement for payment of the express delivery price will occur if the service requested was not delivered on time. If the items remain undelivered and are returned to us undelivered, we consider that you have exercised your right to cancel the contract and when we receive the returned delivery package we will refund you in accordance with our return policy less the reasonable additional costs incurred by COBB Tuning Products LLC.
Customer desiring to return or refuse delivery will be best serviced by receiving the delivery and following the return instructions included in the package.
COBB Tuning Products LLC shall not be held responsible for delay or failure to perform if the delay or failure is caused by any circumstances beyond its reasonable control including but not limited to acts of war or terror, strikes, national or local states of emergency, failure of transportation facilities, power or utility outages, earthquakes, or other natural disasters.
COMPATIBILITY, PRODUCT INFORMATION
When placing your order please ensure that the Products you purchased are compatible for the intended use. Please use the information provided in the Online Shop as reference when checking compatibility. In the event of a difference between the Online Shop content and any other COBB Tuning Products LLC (or non- COBB Tuning Products LLC) web site (or any other source of information) the compatibility of Products as shown on the Online Shop at the time of purchase will be seen as taking precedence. We encourage you to examine the delivery package and received items within fourteen days after they are delivered to you and check their condition and that the content of the delivery package is complete.
PAYMENT
Payment by credit/debit cards shall be made by a credit or debit card approved by COBB Tuning Products LLC. Approved credit and debit card types are listed in the Online Shop. You have to supply your payment card details when you place your order. Your credit card may not be accepted if: (i) the name on the credit card does not match the billing name given or (ii) the billing address given does not match the bank records. Your payment card will be charged on shipment of the ordered items. We will not supply the items to you until your card issuer has authorized the use of your card for payment of the ordered Products. As your Order confirmation email is your proof of purchase, we recommend that you save and print that document for your potential future use.
TITLE TO PRODUCTS
COBB Tuning Products LLC retains full legal title to Products until it has received all amounts due on the ordered Products.
RETURN AND REFUND, OTHER OPTIONS
If you have bought Products for your own private use as a consumer and want to exercise your right to cancel the contract and return the items you have purchased, return the product within thirty (30) calendar days after the date of receipt of the delivery and correctly follow the instructions on the return form provided with your shipment.
Once we have received and validated your returned items, we will confirm it to you by email. Refund will be processed by us and confirmed by email.
If the Products you have received do not correspond to the ones you have ordered, or if your delivery is incomplete or damaged in transportation, please contact without delay our customer service 1-866-922-3059 by phone for assistance.
HOW TO RETURN ITEMS?
Step One: Contact support@cobbtuning.com for returns.
You must return the items in their original package.
You must include all accessories and user manuals that came in the same package.
Where an item has been purchased as a part of a bundle of multiple items, all multiple items within that bundle must be returned.
Please treat the items with care and return them in the condition that they were delivered to you.
Please use, if possible, the original delivery package or pack the items securely and make sure that the filled out return form is included inside the box and place the pre-printed return label on the outside of the packing used for shipping.
Replacement or refund can only be processed once we have received all the items to be returned.
If you return items 1) that you are not entitled to return, 2) that are not in their original condition, 3) that are without proper or missing packaging, 4) with items missing from the return delivery, 5) without following our return instructions, or 6) have otherwise failed to exercise reasonable care when taking care of and returning items, we reserve the right either to reject your return and decline to refund or to deduct from those payments to be refunded to you reasonable repair or other similar direct costs that we have incurred, subject to applicable law.
If your return has been accepted, we will refund you the price you have actually paid for the items less any applicable shipping costs (as per the above) by crediting your payment card thirty (30) calendar days after the date of receipt of the delivery.
Please note that COBB Tuning Products LLC will only process returns and refunds for items bought in this Online Shop.
WARRANTY
COBB Tuning Products LLC’s warranty policy can be reviewed at: www.cobbtuning.com/returns-warranty/ / ”warranty”.
PERSONAL DATA
The COBB Tuning Products LLC Privacy Policy and additional provisions in these Sales Terms govern the use of your personal data. Purchasing of goods in the Online Store requires that you accept the COBB Tuning Products LLC privacy policy and the processing of personal data as described in the COBB Tuning Products LLC privacy policy.
OUR LIABILITY
These Sales Terms set out the full extent of our obligations and liabilities in respect of the sale of Products.
Except for the express limited warranty for the Product purchased, COBB Tuning Products LLC disclaims any implied warranty, including the warranty of merchantability or the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. COBB Tuning Products LLC further disclaims any implied or express warranty of, and assumes no responsibility for, defects in workmanship caused by third parties who are not acting on COBB Tuning Products LLC’s behalf or modifications made to the Products by anyone other than COBB Tuning Products LLC or those authorized by COBB Tuning Products LLC. COBB Tuning Products LLC further disclaims all liability and damages of any kind related to use of Products in any manner which is not consistent with the Product’s intended use. These Sales Terms give the consumer specific legal rights; a consumer may have other rights depending upon where he or she lives. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of special, incidental or consequential damages, or limitations on how long a warranty lasts, so the above exclusion and limitations may not apply to everyone
GENERAL
If any provision or provisions of these Sales Terms shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.
CONTACT DETAILS
COBB Tuning Products LLC customer service will assist you with any questions. You can contact us by phone 1-866-922-3059 Monday through Friday during our regular working hours.
GOVERNING LAW
These Sales Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Texas, USA.