https://www.premierevents.co.uk/page/privacy-policy
Enter Keywords
CAN’T FIND YOUR EVENT ONLINE? CONTACT US NOW
Loading...
Your Basket
No items in basket
Subtotal:
£0.00
VAT 20%:
£0.00
Total:
£0.00
CONTINUE TO SECURE CHECKOUT
Venue:
Date:
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment. Your Privacy. Your Data. Your Trust.
At Premier Events we place great value on honesty and clarity, and are committed to building a strong and lasting relationship with you based on trust. Part of this commitment means safeguarding and respecting your privacy and your choices. Respecting your privacy is essential to us. This is why we have set out Our Privacy Promise and our full Privacy Policy below.
Our Privacy Promise
- We will always respect your privacy and your choices
- We make sure that privacy and security is embedded in all that we do
- We will not send you marketing communications unless you have asked us to. You can change your mind at any time.
- We will never sell your data.
- We are committed to keeping your personal data safe and secure.
- We are committed to being open and transparent about how we use your personal data.
- We respect your rights
Premier Events Privacy Policy
Premier Events has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of the details that you provide us when using Premier Events. When you use our services, you are consenting to the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy.
This Policy explains what personal information Foxgreen Leisure Ltd, Premier Events and Tickets To Wimbledon (known in this Policy as “we” or “Premier Events") collect and how we use it. Please read it carefully.
We collect information about you if you create an account, subscribe to our email Newsletters, from your purchase of tickets and/or packages and when you email or call us, and when you use our websites and social media. We use that and other information to provide better services, marketing and support to you and other customers.
When you, for example, create an account, purchase tickets or contact us on the phone, we may ask your consent to use your information for certain purposes. Your choices about how we use information are described below.
Premier Events often sells tickets and packages on behalf of third parties who provide or sponsor an event, or who operate a venue. We may also make reservations on your behalf directly with a venue. We refer to these artists, agents, producers, promoters, record labels, teams, restaurants and venues as our "Event Partners". We may share your information with our Event Partners.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that is automatically issued to your computer when you enter our website and which is stored by the browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies identify your computer, not the individual user of your computer. Cookies store some basic information that helps us to identify if a user of your computer has visited the website before and if you have provided us with some personalised information. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password (if you have supplied us with one) so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our website, and for other purposes, such as informing you that you may have made multiple bookings for specific events on our website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent, but if you choose to do so you may not be able to access some areas of the website.
Information We Request Directly From You
Our website’s registration forms, order forms and enquiry forms require you to give us personal information (like your name, address and/or email address). If you are ordering tickets, you will be asked to provide billing information (like your account or credit card numbers).
Among other rights, you can choose whether to receive marketing from us. You also have the right to access the information we have about you.
How We Use Personal Information
Your personal information is used by us to contact you by post, phone or by email when necessary in connection with any transactions made. You will receive Newsletters and promotional emails only if you subscribe to our emails on your account settings. You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe to our Newsletter whenever one is sent to you. We don't share your information with third parties for maketing purposes under any circumstances and all your personal details will be processed confidentially. Your data (ie. name) will only be shared with a third party if you have given us permission in order to make a  reservation or booking on your behalf with one of our trusted Event Partners.
How We Use Financial Information
Financial information that is collected is used to authorise payment and bill you for products and services. When you make a purchase, your consent is given to provide your financial or personal information to those third parties necessary to process your transactions with us, such as credit card companies and banks. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Except as provided above, we will not share financial information with third parties without your prior consent. Only if you have asked us to, we may also securely store payment and billing information to make it easier for you to buy tickets in future.
How We Use Demographic Information
Demographic information is statistical data about our purchasers’ age, location etc. We use this demographic information to tailor our website to the interests of our clients.
We may collect information about events you like or products you buy or enquire about. We may also hold information on interests and demographic categories inferred from your interactions with us in order to provide you a better service and to provide you with more focused information. For example, if you buy tickets to a certain show and lots of people who went to that show also bought tickets for a different concert, we might send you information about that concert.
Your Website Usage
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. Your IP address may also be used to assist in the detection of fraud and we may pass this information to the police.
We may use your information in the following ways and for the following purposes:
- To provide you with products, services, account information and support. For example, we might use your information to confirm your registration for an event. If you give us your friend's information, we will use it to provide services you request from us. Before you give us a friend’s information, please do make sure that you have your friend's permission to share that information with us.
- To send you communications in connection with your transaction and events you attend. For example, we might send you emails about your account or a ticket purchase or ask you if you would like to review an event you attended. We might also contact you about this Policy or any of our other policies or terms.
- To monitor and improve our products, services, and websites. We analyse your information to improve our understanding of you and our customer base in general. We do this so that we can make better decisions about our services, advertising, products and content, based on a more informed picture of how our customers use our current services, and to provide you with a more customised experience.
- To prevent or detect unlawful behaviour or to protect or enforce legal rights. For example, we may use your information to prevent fraud (including credit card fraud) or other crimes.
For security purposes. We may use your information to protect the security of our company, employees, our customers, third parties and/or our/their property (including any events you may attend and our websites) as permitted by law.
- For market research purposes. We may contact you as part of market research we are carrying out. You may choose not to participate.
- For marketing purposes. Where you’ve agreed, you may be contacted by us by email, text message, telephone or other means with information or offers regarding our upcoming events, products or services (including newsletters).
- As otherwise permitted by law. In limited circumstances, we may also use your information for other purposes where permitted by law.
You have certain choices about how we use your information
When you create an account or purchase tickets we may ask for your consent in order to collect, process or use your personal information for specified purposes.
If you wish to withdraw any consent you have provided to us for such use of your personal information, please contact us or tell us about your preferences using the methods described in this section.
You understand that if you choose not to give us consents, or if you withdraw consents, you may not be able to take advantage of one or more features we offer.
In addition to contacting us, you can opt out in the following ways:
You can opt out of receiving marketing communications including newsletters. To stop receiving marketing communications, you can log into your account and change your preference or follow the instructions in any promotional message you get. It may take about ten days to process your request. Don't worry! Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still be sure to send you transactional messages. For example, we may still contact you about your orders.
Our sites are not intended for children
Our sites and apps are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child has given us information, you can contact us.
We use standard security measures
We have security measures in place to protect your information. The standard security measures we use will depend on the type of information collected. However, the Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our sites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords.
Our Security Precautions
Premier Events has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use 128 bit industry standard Secure Server Software (SSL) for your transactions with us. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
If you contact us with a general query you can do so anonymously but if you wish to discuss your account with us we will ask for information to identify and verify your account.
What we will do if there is an update to this policy
From time to time we may change our privacy practices. We will notify you of any changes to this Policy. We will also post an updated copy on our website. It will have a different date from the one set out below. Please check our site periodically for updates.
Contact us
Feel free to contact us if you have any questions, complaints or require a copy of information we hold about you. If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy or any privacy concerns, or would like to request copies of the information we hold about you, please contact us. Please do not include your credit card number or other financial or sensitive information in your email.
To correct, amend or update information you have given us, or in order to withdraw a consent you have given us you can contact us or log into your account.
hello@premierevents.co.uk
020 7283 4040
Who we are
We are Foxgreen Leisure Ltd, trading as Premier Events.
Last Updated 28th June 2019
CONTACT
PHONE US
020 7283 4040 +44(0)20 7283 4040
EMAIL US
General: hello@premierevents.co.uk
Sales: sales@premierevents.co.uk
ENQUIRE ONLINE
MAKE AN ENQUIRY
PREMIER EVENTS DECEMBER 2020 UPDATE
×
Following the announcement that London and many other areas around the country are to leave national lockdown and enter Tier 2 of restrictions, plus the positive news that stadiums can begin allowing in a limited number of supporters, we're pleased to see events taking place with spectators once again in December and through the Christmas period.
As ever, we remain open and at your service whenever you need us, and you can contact our team by phone on 020 7283 4040, email hello@premierevents.co.uk, or using our Enquiry Form and Live Chat on our website to enquire about events this month and in to the new year.
We truly appreciate your patience and understanding as we await further updates for events awaiting rescheduling. Please refer to the following guidance if you have an upcoming booking with us.
For future events that are still scheduled on the original date, there’s nothing you need to do. If anything changes, we will contact you.
If your event has been cancelled, we’ll get in touch with you directly with more information.
If your event has been rescheduled, your tickets will automatically be valid for the new date(s) and we will confirm this to you by email.
If your event has been postponed awaiting rescheduling, your booking will also be safe for the revised date once it is confirmed. We are working with the event organiser, and we will contact you as soon as we have confirmation of new dates.
We can't wait to get back to work and being of assistance, and we look forward to welcoming you, your friends and family, colleagues and business partners, to your favourite live events very soon.
Close