http://www.thamesandkosmos.com/index.php/privacy-policy
AboutCompanyPressSafetyContactInternational SalesNational RetailersStore LocatorProductsSupportEducatorsEducator ResourcesAt-Home ActivitiesDealers
Privacy Policy
Thames & Kosmos Website User Agreement and Privacy Policies
1. Thames & Kosmos Website User Agreement
Knowledge Base and Dealer Site
Note to Thames & Kosmos Dealers: Registered users of the Dealer Section of this site are also automatically registered as users of the Knowledge Base. The following information applies to all users of the Knowledge Base.
The Thames & Kosmos Knowledge Base is for supplemental informational purposes only. Always read and follow the information contained in the instructions and on the packaging for the product(s) you are using. The instructions and packaging contain safety information, assembly and usage instructions, and critical details specific to each product that users must follow for a complete and safe user experience.
The information on this website is provided as is and any liability arising from deficiencies, including but not limited to errors or omissions, is neither implied nor accepted.
Whilst reasonable effort is taken to ensure the accuracy and integrity of the information published on this website, it should not be relied upon.
All experiments and activities should be conducted exactly as described in the instructional materials accompanying each product.
Should you have any specific product safety or technical questions or need a copy of an instruction manual, please email support via the Contact page.
By registering and/or posting in this Knowledge Base, you agree:
a. To accept full responsibility for the comment that you submit.b. To use this function only for lawful purposesc. Not to post false, defamatory, abusive, offensive, racist, sexist, threatening, vulgar, obscene, hateful, harassing, or otherwise inappropriate comments, or to post comments which will constitute a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability.d. Not to post or make available any material which is protected by copyright, trade mark or other proprietary right without the express permission of the owner of the copyright, trade mark or any other proprietary right.e. Not to post advertisements, chain letters, pyramid schemes, and solicitations of any type.f. To evaluate for yourself the accuracy of any opinion, advice or other content.g. To indemnify and hold harmless Thames & Kosmos and all related parties for all information posted by users in this Knowledge Base
By registering for and/or posting in the Knowledge Base, you certify that you are over the age of 13 years.
During registration, Thames & Kosmos (301 Friendship Street, Providence, RI, 02903. 401-459-6787) may collect a user’s name, address, company name, company identification number, phone number, chosen username, chosen password, and email address. During posting, Thames & Kosmos collects any data posted by the user in the Knowledge Base. This information is collected for the purpose of supporting users of Thames & Kosmos products and providing information about Thames & Kosmos products. We reserve the right to disclose information to third parties.
Although the administrators and moderators of the Thames & Kosmos Knowledge Base attempt to keep all objectionable materials out of the Knowledge Base, it is always possible that objectionable materials are posted without our knowledge. All posts are the express view of the author of the post and not those of Thames & Kosmos. Thames & Kosmos will not be held responsible for the content of any post. Thames & Kosmos does not guarantee or warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any post.
Users who feel that any content posted herein is objectionable or offensive are encouraged to contact Thames & Kosmos immediately by email. Thames & Kosmos reserves the right to delete or remove any offensive material and will make every effort to do so, within a reasonable time frame, if such action is deemed necessary.
All Contact Forms and Feedback Forms
By submitting any form on this site, you certify that you are over the age of 13 years. When this form is submitted, Thames & Kosmos (301 Friendship Street, Providence, RI, 02903. 401-459-6787) collects a user’s name, address, email address, phone number, information about products purchased and/or used, messages, and/or other information. This information is collected for the purpose of supporting users of Thames & Kosmos products and providing information about Thames & Kosmos products. We reserve the right to disclose information to third parties.
2. Thames & Kosmos Website (thamesandkosmos.com) Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When communicating with us via our website forms or knowledge base, signing up for mailing lists, or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, product details, or other details to help you with your experience. Product orders are handled through a separate website. Please refer to the privacy policy linked at the bottom of the online store pages.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, open a support ticket, provide us with feedback on our products or services, or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.      • To improve our website in order to better serve you.      • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.      • To quickly process your transactions.      • To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.      • To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards, as we only provide articles and information. We never ask for credit card numbers or private user information.
We use regular malware scanning.
We do not use an SSL certificate. We do not need an SSL because we only provide articles and information and collect non-private information via web forms. We do not collect credit card numbers or other private information.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly. Interactive features, such as the feedback forms, knowledge base forum, and dealer site may be affected.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Remarketing with Google AdSense     • Google Display Network Impression Reporting      • Demographics and Interests Reporting      • DoubleClick Platform Integration
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By emailing us      • By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not collect any information from children under 13 children.
We adhere to the following COPPA tenants:
• Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child's information is shared through contacting us directly.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
• Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions      • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
3. Thames & Kosmos Mobile Apps Privacy Policy
Thames & Kosmos mobile apps do not collect any user information. Please also refer to the individual privacy policies of our app publishing partners on the app store download pages for each app associated with Thames & Kosmos and its products.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
See the Contact page on this site.
Thames & Kosmos301 Friendship StreetProvidence, RI 02903 US
Last Edited on 2016-10-20
Thames & Kosmos
89 Ship St.
Providence, RI 02903
Phone: 401-459-6787
Toll-free: 800-587-2872
Fax: 401-459-6775
contact@thamesandkosmos.com
About Us
COMPANY
STORE LOCATOR
NATIONAL RETAILERS
INTERNATIONAL SALES
PRODUCTS
STORE
Support
KNOWLEDGE BASE & FAQs
EDUCATORS
Educator Resources
At-Home Activities
CONTACT
GENERAL INQUIRIES
Customer Service & Replacement Parts
Authors & Inventors
Career Opportunities
Register Your Game Club
About
Company
Press
Safety
Contact
Products
Support
Shop
Store Locator
National Retailers
International Sales
Shop Online
Dealers