http://www.usstatequarters.com/terms.asp
Skip to content
Collector Coins
U.S. Coins
Gift Ideas
Special Sale Items
Two Cent Pieces
Indian Head Pennies
Lincoln Pennies
Shield Nickels
Liberty Head Nickels
Buffalo Nickels
Jefferson Nickels
Silver War Nickels
Barber Dimes
Mercury Dimes
Roosevelt Dimes
Barber Quarters
Standing Liberty Quarters
Washington Quarters
State Quarters
US Territory Quarters
National Park Quarters
Barber Half Dollars
Walking Liberty Half Dollars
Franklin Half Dollars
Kennedy Half Dollars
Morgan Silver Dollars
Peace Silver Dollars
Eisenhower Dollars
Susan B. Anthony Dollar
Sacagawea Dollars
Native American Dollars
Presidential Dollars
U.S. Currency
Gift Certificates
Coin Supplies
Coin Albums / Folders
Coin Holders
Coin Magnifiers
Coin Cleaners
Coin Tubes
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. All users of this site agree that access, use, and placement of orders through this site are subject to the following terms and conditions, and other applicable law as agreed to on order placement. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site or finalize any orders.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. The collective work includes works that are licensed to U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. Copyright 2010, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. or purchasing U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. or to purchase U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityU.S. State Quarters.com Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeU.S. State Quarters.com Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. Order Placement and InventoryNo warranty is made, expressed or implied, which guarantees availability of any product. All orders placed with U.S. State Quarters.com (U.S.S.Q.) are subject to limitations on inventory. This system is designed to accept orders only, and does not provide inventory counts. Should it be possible to order an out of stock product through the site, a notice will be forwarded to the customer and any charge or authorization already processed for the item(s) will be reversed. Although every attempt to restock the item will be made, we do not provide "Rain Checks," or guarantee either product availability, or product / shipping prices should the same product become offered at a later time. Payment PolicyCredit Cards and Paypal Express paymentsOrders placed with U.S. State Quarters.com, Inc (U.S.S.Q.) are subject to immediate credit card authorization and charge for the amount of the order placed. U.S. State Quarters.com, Inc. guarantees shipment of goods purchased, or refund if unable, no later than 30 days of order placement, excluding any orders containing "Pre-Sell" items. Orders containing "Pre-Sell" items will be shipped as indicated on the website, checkout and by email confirmation, but no more than 60 days from order placement. In the event that an order is charged and not shipped as indicated below within these time frames, a full refund and cancellation of all undelivered items / orders will be processed automatically or immediately upon request. For our security, the use of Paypal Dispute, Credit Card Chargeback or other means by which an order has been shipped but payment withdrawn prior to informing U.S. State Quarters.com of this action, will result in automatic account suspension, and will also result in: forfeit of this payment method, immediate notification to the Equifax, Experion, and TransUnion Credit Reporting Agencies, adjustment downward of your "Fraud Score," and/or further legal action at the sole discretion of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. including contact with any identified current or past employer, banking or leasing agents for information, courtesy notification to the US Department of Homeland Security, the US Department of Immigration and Border Protection and/or the US Department of Treasury (IRS) if applicable in our sole discretion. This would be for the purpose of collecting a debt only. Therefore, we strongly recommend notification to us prior to taking any action in this regard, in order for us to correct the issue beforehand or issue refund.Check / Money Order / Other Payment FormsChecks and Money Orders are accepted. They must be payable in US Funds, to the order of "U.S. State Quarters.com", "USSQ", or "U.S. State Quarters.com, Inc." and mailed to: 7 Avenida Vista Grande, Ste B7 No. 414, Santa Fe, NM 87508 USA, within 14 days of order placement. They must be presented for the full order amount and accompanied by an order confirmation provided to the customer by our website on checkout. They must be properly dated, signed and drawn on a valid, funded U.S. based bank account. (Non-US Bank based deposits require an additional $24.00 International Deposit Fee) They must not be cancelled or altered in any way. Copies are not accepted. We cannot guarantee that products will be in stock when payment arrives and the order processed. Any payment returned from the bank for any reason will incur a $15.00 returned payment charge prior to any orders being accepted. Please allow 4 to 6 weeks for domestic delivery, 6 to 8 weeks for international delivery. Bank wires are permitted on orders which exceed $1000 USD. Please contact us at sales@usstatequarters.com for details.Shipping Times - When will your order ship?Orders received are processed generally within 1 - 5 business days (Monday - Friday, as we are closed Sat/Sun) from the date of order placement. This holds true for 95% of the orders we receive, which consist of state and/or national park quarters, presidential dollars, folders, maps and many holders. During holidays and very busy promotional periods during new releases, shipment can extend to 5 - 7 business days due to sheer volume. Please remember that every individual coin we send out has to be inspected for quality and placed in a holder for shipping. As you can imagine this does take time especially when we are sending out thousands of coins each month.
Delivery on the other hand, is handled by the US Postal Service, and can range from 2-5 business days depending on the method of service and distance to the destination from Santa Fe, NM, our offices. Your order should arrive in about 4 - 8 business days. The remaining 5% generally ship in 5 - 7 business days (M-F). These are mostly older dated and/or graded coins which require grading checks prior to shipment, stamp orders, and coin sets which require assembly prior to shipping. Again, during extremely heavy periods this may extend a couple of days. We always make every effort to get your order out as soon as possible, but we will not skimp on quality for time. And we always send a shipment confirmation when your order goes out. Your order will arrive in about 7 -10 business days. (M-F)Sometimes, on rare occasions, we get the order which requires special attention. Multiples of the same older dated graded coin, very large orders, multiple stamps are examples, some which require acquiring coins from a dealers' network. These can take 7- 10
days to process. In any event, if the timing is not sufficient, please let us know. Should an order be placed containing either items that are backordered more than 30 days, out of stock, or unavailable, these items will be either immediately backordered and payment refunded (or voided) until shipment can take place or refunded (or voided) and cancelled. Should an order only contain these products, the order will be cancelled and refunded (or voided). Regardless, a notification will be sent to the email address on the order informing you as to the status of the order and options available.In any event, we simply won't skimp on quality. We will be happy to recommend other dealers who can get orders out faster, or cheaper. Assuming they're still in business. We've seen more than a dozen come and go over the years. And so have our long term customers. They tell us. Over and over. Should you have any questions, please feel free to let us know. If you're having difficulty reaching us by phone, feel free to email us at sales@usstatequarters.com. We'll be glad to help if we can. Thank you=)
Shipment and Delivery Policy U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. will attempt to have the order you have placed delivered, via US Postal Service, to the shipping address provided. We will also forward a copy of the US Postal Service Tracking information to the email address provided on shipment so that you may track your order to its destination. Should you specify delivery to an insecure location, such as an
office or other location where the order is to be left by the US Postal
Service out of your immediate control, U.S. State Quarters.com, Inc
will not assume liability for loss of, or damage to, your order. In this case, only the U.S. Postal Service tracking information
will be considered as valid delivery verification. If this is not
acceptable to you, please make certain the delivery of your order is to a
secure, not public, location. In the unlikely event that a package has been indicated by the US Postal Service as "Delivered" and the package has not been actually received by the recipient at a secure location, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc must be contacted by the buyer within 14 days from the date indicated as delivered, notifying us of this delivery failure. Failure to notify U.S. State Quarters.com by email at sales@usstatequarters.com of failure of delivery will forfeit any claim for reimbursement, reshipment, or any other compensation for non-delivery. After 14 days from the date the US Postal Service indicates a package has been delivered, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc will not be responsible for any costs incurred due to non-delivery. Signature upon delivery will constitute the end of our liability for delivery only in any event, and all inquiries or claims on packages confirmed delivered with a signature must thereafter be processed with the US Postal Service directly. Should a package be lost or misdirected in transit, the US Postal Service requires 14 business days for Domestic Parcels, or 45 business days for International Parcels, to pass prior to filing an insurance claim, to give them a chance to locate the parcel. If you are concerned about the delivery, contact your carrier or local Postal Service office immediately. Although USSQ will take all steps possible to locate your parcel, ultimately the US Postal Service controls the parcel and its delivery. Upon request, we will have a claim form sent in order to file a claim for loss and the package reshipped. Should a Credit card chargeback or Paypal Dispute be initiated prior to any of these steps, please see the Credit Cards and Paypal Express Payments section above.Return Policy:U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. maintains a 14-day return policy on all products sold, with the exception of Gold, Silver, Platinum, Palladium bullion.
All Gold, Silver, Platinum and Palladium bullion items returned will be charged a flat 20% fee based on the total order amount. All coins returned must be in the original packaging. Any coins that have been removed from their respective holders or are returned after the 14-day period may not be accepted for return or, at our discretion. Credit for returns are generally processed within 10-14 days of receipt. We do not pay for return shipping charges.
All returns MUST be postmarked within 14-days of receipt. Returns initiated after 14 days from receipt will either not be accepted for return or will be made by store credit only, at our sole discretion. Under no circumstances will credits or refunds be processed without receipt or retention of original product(s) by U.S. State Quarters.com.
Exchanges:
Exchanges may be made on any item, with the exception of one of a kind items, gold, silver, platinum coins and bullion. Exchanges may take 2-3 weeks to complete depending on the exchange and we reserve the right to process a refund rather than an exchange at our sole discretion based on availability. Exchanges due to product defect (not including original minted condition) may be made within 14 days of receipt, and return first class shipping charges only will be refunded if return is postmarked within 14 days of receipt. Optional additional shipping services purchased for a return or exchange are non-refundable. Product defects do not include packaging material, nor cardboard U.S. Mint packaging prior to the current year. Exchanges due to other than company error are subject to automatic reshipment charge of actual shipping costs.
Non-deliverable orders:
Orders which are returned by the US Postal Service as Unclaimed or Refused by the customer will be refunded and canceled if possible. The order will be credited as an acceptable return and subject to a 5% restocking fee. On Acceptable returns postmarked within the 14-day period, we will refund the purchase price of items returned plus sales tax if applicable minus any restocking fee ONLY. Shipping/handling and insurance charges are non-refundable. In the event lower shipping fees were charged initially, actual shipping charges incurred by us but not charged initially will not be refunded.
Returns which do not include an original receipt (or other paperwork indicating where it came from) may be automatically restocked without credit, so PLEASE enclose identification with your return. NO unverified credits will be processed. We cannot be held responsible for returns that may have been lost in the mail. For returns due to production or shipping error, First Class return postage will gladly be refunded (lowest cost Priority Mail over 13 oz.), regardless of original shipping method or additional options used for the return. For this reason, we recommend using First Class Mail for returns where possible.
Please address all returns or exchanges to: U.S.S.Q.
7 Avenida Vista Grande, Ste B7 No. 414,
Santa Fe, NM 87508MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of New Mexico, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Santa Fe County, New Mexico. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. 's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerU.S. State Quarters.com Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. , its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. , U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, U.S. State Quarters.com Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).