https://www.thorvie.com/privacy-policy/
My AccountCart
CALL NOW: 866-497-0572
Thorvie International, LLC Privacy Statement
We created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like their email address).
Contact information from those order forms is used to ship purchases and future mailing about our company. The customer’s contact information is also used to get in touch with that customer when deemed necessary. That information is kept private by us – and under no condition – is it provided or sold to other sources.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Mailing Lists
Our site uses an email form for web browsers to ask that a catalog be mailed to them.
Email addresses from those forms are used to notify subscribers of new product information available on our web site. That information is kept private by us – and under no condition – is it provided or sold to other sources.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
External Links
This site may contain links to other sites. Thorvie.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving promotional/marketing information from us
1. You can send email to sales@thorvie.com
2. You can send mail to the following postal address:
1315 Pearl St. Waukesha, WI 53186
3. You can call the following telephone number: 920-497-0572
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: thorvie@thorvie.com
×
×Cart
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept