https://www.handheldaudio.co.uk/returns-policy/
Home / Returns Policy
Warranties
Hand Held Audio will supply goods that are free from defects in materials and workmanship for a minimum period of 12 months from the date of delivery unless otherwise specified in the product description. This means that the manufacturer covers the cost of parts & labour for the defined warranty period. Please note that all warranties and guarantees cover faults caused by manufacturing defects only, and not faults caused by normal wear and tear or product misuse by the user.
In the unlikely event of a technical problem with a product you have purchased from us, the first thing you should do is to contact us to discuss the problems you are experiencing. We will then usually ask you to return the product for inspection and testing by our Service Dept. You must obtain a returns number and send items with a value above £20.00 by some trackable method (usually Royal Mail recorded or special delivery) We will not accept responsibilty for items lost in transit. A copy of your invoice should be included with the returned item as well as a fault description.
If the product is found to be faulty and is within the manufacturers warranty period we will repair it free of charge. Should we or its manufacturer be unable to repair your product within 60 days of its receipt by us we will offer you the choice of a full refund or to supply you an alternative product equivalent.
Under the consumer laws of the UK your contract of sale is with Hand Held Audio and not the product’s manufacturer. It is actually very rare for us to be unable to resolve any issues that may arise under this contract to the satisfaction of both parties. It is therefore not necessary for you to involve product manufacturers in such issues because we are their appointed agents to deal with it.
However if you do choose to do so and you receive any promises or undertakings from them as to the course of action to be taken to resolve the issue, please understand that there is no requirement upon us to honour these promises or undertakings because they are, in effect, being made by a third party and not ourselves.
Order Cancellation
For private individuals placing orders through our website or by telephone the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations (2000) apply.
Once we have accepted your order, you will have 8 working days from receiving the goods to cancel the order. To exercise your right to cancel you are required to send us a notice of cancellation by post, email or fax to:
Post: Hand Held Audio Ltd, Unit 8, Waterways Business Centre, Navigation Drive, Enfield, EN3 6JJ
Fax: 01992 763860
Email: info@handheldaudio.co.uk
If you decide to cancel you are required to return the goods at your own risk and cost as soon as possible. We will refund you within 30 days by the original means of payment. We will not refund any additional delivery services requested by you, such as timed or Saturday delivery.
Right to cancel does not apply to earphones, custom earphones and items that are classed as single use e.g. foam tips and cleaning swabs. We do not accept returns related to any earphone and related products. Earphones are a very personal product and by their very nature of use and fit they cannot be restored to the same physical state as they were supplied. We cannot resell them once they have been opened or used due to hygiene reasons. In exceptional circumstances where the sealed packaging has not been opened and it is clear to see that the earphones have not been used we may consider a form of exchange or return.
If you or your appointed agent collects the goods from our premises, Distance Selling regulations will not apply and you will be bound by our general returns policy below.
Business to Business transactions are outside the scope of the Consumer Protection Regulations. These transactions are covered by our general returns policy.
General Returns Policy
Goods are not sold on a trial basis. Customers should check product specifications and the compatibility of it with other manufacturers’ equipment before ordering. Hand Held Audio does not warrant the suitability and compatibility of goods for specific applications.
Goods ordered in error or goods found to be unsuitable or incompatible with their intended application may sometimes be returned to us (this excludes earphones, see note above). In cases where the goods are normal stocking items for us we will normally accept them back into stock for credit only (not refund). We will not accept non-stocking items that have been specially ordered for you unless our supplier will accept them back into their stock. In any case we follow normal industry practice in making a 20% handling charge for all authorised returns. The original carriage charge is not creditable or refundable.
If we agree to accept an item for return or refund that product must be returned in its original and undamaged packaging, complete (including manuals) and in ‘as new’ condition. No refund or credit will be issued unless the product conforms to these conditions. If a refund is authorised it will be made via the same payment method as you used to pay us (e.g. if you used a credit card to pay us then we will make the refund to the same credit card).
Product tagsBLX
Custom Ear Monitors
Custom Earphones
Custom moulds
digital
Ear foams
earphone
Earphone cable
Earphones
Ew100
G3
G4
hand held
headmic
Headphones
headset
Headworn
IEM
in-ear
In-ear monitoring
In Ear Monitoring
in ear system
JH Audio
Lavalier
Microphone
monitor
monitoring
monitors
onstage monitoring
PGX
rack mount
radio mic
radio microphone
Replacement cable
Sennheiser
Shure
SM58
Ultimate Ears
vocal mic
Westone
wireless
wireless in-ear
wireless mic
wireless microphone
XSMeta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
COVID-19: Due to the current situation our processing times will be 3 to 5 days. . Dismiss