http://www.kiwifinefoods.com.au/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Kiwi Fine Foods
3247 Old Cleveland Rd, Chandler Queensland 4155
0 items
-
$0.00
Login or create an account
My Account
Checkout
Home
About Us
Our Cafe
Our Products
Latest Products
Contact Us
Select Page
CATEGORIESdo not delete
Biscuits
Chocolates
Clothing
Confectionery
Drinks
Gifts
Groceries
Jams, Spreads & Sauces
Miscellaneous
Potato Chips
Skin Care
LINDA MCLELLAN, FACEBOOKThank you for my delivery. I was able to once again make lollylog for my grandchildren. They love coming to their nanas. Cheers.
DAMON GARNETT, FACEBOOKIts funny, I never drank L & P back home.But, since Kath put me on to it, I drink it with pride……with Southern Comfort.
Privacy Policy
We understand the importance of keeping your personal information private and secure.
From time to time we may need to modify and update the privacy details, in accordance to the Privacy Act 1988 and the National Privacy Principles. We will publish these updates within our privacy statement.
Collection and use of your personal information will be done by lawful means for the purpose of membership; product orders; payment processing or to inform you about our products and services. We do not disclose your personal information to any third parties.
Our site may contain links to other third party sites whose information may be different than ours.
We provide secure online shopping 24 hours a day using your Visa, Mastercard or Paypal.
If you have any question, concerns or wish to amend your private information relating to this website, please contact us by using the ‘contact us’ page or phone (07) 3374 1648 EST 9am to 5pm weekdays (10am to 4pm weekends).
Kiwi Fine FoodsHome
Who We Are
Contact Us
My account
Lost password
Cart
We accept all major credit cards as well as PayPal accounts.
Subscribe
© 2019 Kiwi Fine Foods. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Back to top
3247 Old Cleveland Rd, Chandler
Queensland 4155
Ph: (07) 3245 3186