http://www.scoredraw.com/page/termsandconditions
https://www.scoredraw.com
0
ENGLAND
SCOTLAND
PREMIER LEAGUE +
Arsenal FC
Aston Villa FC
Brighton and Hove Albion FC
Burnley FC
Chelsea FC
Crystal Palace FC
Everton FC
Leeds United FC
Leicester City FC
Manchester City FC
Newcastle United FC
Tottenham Hotspur FC
West Ham United FC
Wolverhampton Wanderers FC
FOOTBALL LEAGUE +
Derby County Football Club
Norwich City FC
Sunderland AFC
EUROPEAN LEAGUE +
Aberdeen
AC Milan
Borussia Monchengladbach
Eintracht Frankfurt
Inter Milan
Kaiserslautern
VfB Stuttgart
Customer Service +
Customer Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Delivery and Returns
FAQ's
Trade Delivery and Returns
My Account
https://www.scoredraw.com
ENGLAND
SCOTLAND
PREMIER LEAGUE
Arsenal FC
Aston Villa FC
Brighton and Hove Albion FC
Burnley FC
Chelsea FC
Crystal Palace FC
Everton FC
Leeds United FC
Leicester City FC
Manchester City FC
Newcastle United FC
Tottenham Hotspur FC
West Ham United FC
Wolverhampton Wanderers FC
FOOTBALL LEAGUE
Derby County Football Club
Norwich City FC
Sunderland AFC
EUROPEAN LEAGUE
Aberdeen
AC Milan
Borussia Monchengladbach
Eintracht Frankfurt
Inter Milan
Kaiserslautern
VfB Stuttgart
0
Service / Terms & Conditions
Service
Customer Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Delivery and Returns
FAQ's
Trade Delivery and Returns
Website terms and conditions of supply
In General
Access to and use of this Website and the products and services available through this Website (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the "Terms of Service"). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Service, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Service.
Access to this Website is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts or this entire Website.
This Website also contains links to other websites, which are not operated by Score Draw (the "Linked Sites"). Score Draw has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy, which sets out how we will use your information, can be found at Privacy Policy. By using this Website, you consent to the processing described therein and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offence; transmit or distribute a virus, Trojan, worm, logic bomb or post any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person's proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam"; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Score Draw will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of Score Draw or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by Score Draw and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
You shall not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create derivative works based on any software or accompanying documentation supplied by Score Draw or its licensors. Scoredraw.com is trademarks belonging to Score Draw. No licence or consent is granted to you to use these marks in any way, and you agree not to use these marks or any marks which are Score Draw similar without the written permission of Score Draw.
Score Draw Community Areas
Registration
Score Draw reserves the right to close an account if any user is seen to be using proxy IPs (Internet Protocol addresses) in order to attempt to hide the use of multiple accounts, or disrupts any of our services in any way.
Submission of material
For content that is covered by intellectual property rights, like photos and videos (“IP content”), you specifically give us the following permission, subject to your privacy settings: you grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, worldwide license to use any IP content that you post on or in connection with Score Draw (“IP License”). This includes for example and without limitation the right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed. In certain circumstances Score Draw may also share your contribution with trusted third parties.
This IP License ends when you delete your IP content or your account provided that your content may still be accessible if it has been shared with others, and we are not obligated to delete IP content shared by you. You also acknowledge that Score Draw is not obliged to publish any material submitted by you on any Score Draw publication.
When you delete IP content, it is deleted in a manner similar to emptying the recycle bin on a computer. However, you understand that removed content may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).
When you use an application, your content and information is shared with the application. We require applications to respect your privacy, and your agreement with that application will control how the application can use, store, and transfer that content and information.
We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (telephone number, home address, business address, delivery address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified).
We always appreciate your feedback or other suggestions about Score Draw, but you understand that we may use them without any obligation to compensate you for them (just as you have no obligation to offer them).
The Service provides you with the ability to interact with social media services, such as through Facebook “Like” buttons, Twitter and otherwise. These features may enable integration and/or access to your social media accounts. We do not control those social media services, your profiles on those services, modify your privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your personal information on those services will be used. You and the social media service providers are in control of those issues, not Score Draw. You are encouraged to read all policies and information on the applicable social media services to learn more about how they handle your information before using any such features made available to you on our Service. We are not responsible for any acts or omissions by any social media service provider or your use of features that come from their platform.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Dispatch times may vary according to availability and any guarantees or representations made as to delivery times are subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible. Please see our Delivery Charges notice for further information.
In order to contract with Score Draw you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. Score Draw retains the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be Score Draw or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party Score Draw is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorised user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order. This email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us for the purchase of the goods will not be formed until your payment has been approved by us and we have debited your credit or debit card.
Pricing and Availability
Whilst we try and ensure that all details, descriptions and prices which appear on this Website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of any goods which you have ordered we will inform you of this as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund. Where applicable, prices are inclusive of VAT. Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the 'Total Cost'.
The Service may contain typographical errors or other errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current. We therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We reserve the right to refuse to fill any orders that you may place based on information on the Service that may contain errors or inaccuracies, including, without limitation, errors, inaccuracies or out-of-date information regarding pricing, shipping, payment terms, or return policies
Payment
Upon receiving your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment card to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil the transaction. Goods will not be dispatched until this pre-authorisation check has been completed. Your card will be debited once the order has been accepted.
Discount Codes
Promotional discount codes - We may from time to time offer promotional discount codes which may apply in respect of any, or certain specified, purchases made though this Website.
The conditions of use relating to any discount code will be specified at the time of issue.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law Score Draw and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect Score Draw's liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, nor for fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists.
You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you.
This Website must not be framed on any other site; we reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trademarks, images of personalities and third party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and images of third party products, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with Score Draw and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to Score Draw.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Score Draw, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Website or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
Score Draw shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise: please let us know if you have any complaints or comments. Please do so by going to our ‘Contact us’ Page
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions are to be construed in accordance with the laws of England and in the event of any dispute or claim associated with these terms and conditions, that dispute or claim shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and Score Draw. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of Score Draw.
Ethical Sourcing Policy
As a reputable and trusted business committed to offering its customers high quality products, Score Draw recognizes its obligation to ensure that suppliers are operating ethically.
We expect our suppliers to consistently provide an environment which protects their employees' health and safety and basic human rights.
All suppliers are expected to comply with their national employment laws and regulations with particular regard to:
Minimum age of employment
Freely chosen employment
Health and safety
Freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining
No discrimination
No harsh or inhumane treatment
Working hours
Rates of pay
Terms of employment
Score Draw will never knowingly source stock from countries which are in breach of the above principles. We also look to our suppliers to instil these principles when dealing with their own supplier base.
Because of the sometimes complex nature of our suppliers' supply chain, it is not always possible to monitor and control the conditions of each individual involved in the production of our products. However, as Score Draw continues to grow it recognises the importance of being proactive and doing everything within its power to support the rights of those involved in the manufacture of its goods.
Company Information
Score Draw is a trademark of Score Draw Limited.
Registered in England & Wales,
scoredraw.com is managed by Score Draw (Receivables) Ltd
Company number:09647606 Registered office address:
Score Draw (Receivables) Limited 8 Parsonage Street Cambridge CB5 8DN
Registration
You will need to register to be able to access some services on the scoredraw.com website. When you register your details online, it is your responsibility to ensure that the information provided is accurate and up to date. You are also responsible for maintaining your personal information via your online account as well as for keeping your password secret.
The collection and storage of personal information submitted to scoredraw.com is governed by the UK Data Protection Act (2003) and by our Privacy Policy. Whenever you visit the site, or register your details or purchase from the site, you agree to be governed by these Terms & Conditions and by our Privacy Policy.
Ordering
When you place an online order through the site, you will be requested to provide personal and card payment details. As part of the online transaction, we will perform a fraud credit check via our payment provider VeriFone. By submitting a payment through the site, you are granting permission for us to carry out such checks via VeriFone as required.
Orders on the site are subject to the required stock availability. Items added to your basket on the site will not be reserved for you, and are available for sale to other customers browsing the online store at the same time.
When you have placed your order via the site, stock will be reserved for your purchase. However, sales will not be finalised until the order dispatches from the warehouse, and payment is successfully taken.
Pricing
All site pricing will be shown in local currency where available, Payments are currently accepted in the following currencies: British Pounds (GBP), Orders can only be placed in the currency relating to your shipping country, and we are unable to offer alternative currency pricing to any customer.
Sale pricing adjustments
From time to time, scoredraw.com will run discounted pricing on specific items as part of a sale or promotion. Subject to the sentence below, scoredraw.com is happy to refund the difference between the amount paid and the discounted price, if the item was purchased within 28 days of the commencement of the specific discount.
Please note that we are not able to offer any refund if the same item (Inc. colour/size) is not in stock on the site at the time of the request, or if the item was originally purchased at a discounted sale price.
Payment & Order Acceptance
We accept the following payment types on our site:
MasterCard
Maestro
Visa
PayPal
Payments for all orders are taken on dispatch of goods, and are subject to fraud checks and checks by the card issuer.
By submitting your order on our site, you are confirming that the credit/debit card is yours or that you have authority from the cardholder to make the payment. We reserve the right to refuse payments & orders for customers who are not 18 years of age or older.
We will process your payments securely via the VeriFone payments system, and all payment details will be encrypted. All stored card details will be stored securely on VeriFone’s secure servers.
Your payment and order will only be deemed as final when final payment is taken on dispatch of your goods. We reserve the right to refuse any payments or cancel orders at our own discretion.
Gift vouchers and e-vouchers
Gift vouchers and e-vouchers (“Vouchers”) cannot be bought using discount or promotional codes, and cannot be purchased with another Voucher.
Vouchers can be redeemed to purchase Score Draw products only online, at scoredraw.com
Vouchers can be redeemed in part, with the remaining balance credited to your Score Draw account.
Vouchers must be redeemed within twelve months of purchase and any unused balance will not be refunded or credited after such time.
Any balance credited from a part-redeemed Voucher must be used in the same currency as the first purchase it is redeemed with.
If the order value is greater than the value of the Voucher, the difference must be paid by credit/debit card, or using PayPal.
Please look after your Vouchers as we are unable to replace them if they are lost, stolen or damaged.
Returns & Exchanges
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase you can return it for an exchange or refund, provided it is within 30 days of receipt of your order and the item is as new and in the original packaging. We reserve the right to refuse refunds for returned items, which are not in saleable condition.
Faulty items will be replaced, repaired or refunded following evaluation by the scoredraw.com Customer Services team. For the avoidance of doubt, faulty goods are classified as items that are received damaged or develop a manufacturing fault. Items damaged through general wear and tear are not classified as faulty. Faulty items can return within twelve (12) months for a replacement or a repair. If neither of these is possible, we will offer a refund.
Returns are only accepted online for items purchased directly from scoredraw.com. For items bought with one of Score Draw’s retail partners, please contact them directly to arrange an exchange or refund.
Products purchased as gifts can be refunded in full to the original purchaser; alternatively we can provide a credit to the gift recipient, Score Draw is unable to refund postage on returned gift items.
Gift exchanges will show on the order history of the original purchaser. Please include a suitable delivery address for us to despatch exchanged products to. All deliveries require a signature on receipt.
To initiate a return, simply visit the returns section
UK/ROW Customer Services
customerservices@scoredraw.com
All Vouchers are non-refundable.
Personalised items cannot be refunded or exchanged once an order has been placed. It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure that all details entered for Personalised products are entered.
Intellectual property rights
Usage of the scoredraw.com site grants you no rights to any copyright or intellectual property rights relating to the content of the site. All copyright is protected under national and international law.
Any site content can only be reproduced or distributed with express permission from Score Draw Limited.
Changes
Any changes we may make to these Terms & Conditions in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to these Terms & Conditions.
Contact
Our contact details are set out under the Contact Us of the site.
Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms & Conditions are governed by English law and you and we agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in respect of any matter arising hereunder.
THE LEADING OFFICIAL RETRO FOOTBALL SHIRT STORE
UK ORDERS OVER £50 | FREE STANDARD DELIVERY
Shop
ENGLAND SCOTLAND PREMIER LEAGUE FOOTBALL LEAGUE EUROPEAN LEAGUE SiteMap
Trade
Customer Service
Customer Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Delivery and Returns
FAQ's
Trade Delivery and Returns
Contact Us
About Us
Follow Us
We Accept
Copyright © 2020
Score Draw. Built by Retail & Sports Systems.