http://www.larryhodgeracing.com/privacy-policy
Larry Hodge Racing Tires & Wheels
Account
View Cart (0 Items)
La Place, Illinois
(217)-677-2358
Monday - Friday
8am-5pm
Customer ReviewsPhoto GalleryVideosFAQContact Us
Menu
Close
Shop Store
Drag WheelsPackage DealsPartsDrag TiresCloseout Specials
Larry Hodge Racing
Customer ReviewsPhoto GalleryVideosFAQContact Us
Contact Us
Larry Hodge Racing
109 N West A Street
P.O. Box 106
La Place, IL 61936
Work: (217)-677-2358
Cell: (217)-433-3060
Contact us
Since 1993
Your #1 source for premier racing tires and wheels. We carry a full line of racing tires from leading brands such as Mickey Thompson, Hoosier, and Goodyear.
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
Larry Hodge Racing is committed to ensuring user privacy with our products and services. Our privacy and security policy was developed to offer the highest-quality services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with customers and visitors to our web site. This policy is designed to give you a better understanding in how we collect, use and safeguard all personal information provided to us.Larry Hodge Racing encourages you to read this privacy policy and those of all Web sites you visit.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our web site or our partner web sites you may provide us with personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis. Web site use information is also collected as you and others browse our web site and our partner web sites.
Personal Information Collected
Larry Hodge Racing is the sole owner of the information collected on this web site. We will not sell, share, or in any way disclose this information to others without your consent. If you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to successfully complete your purchase. These orders may require other billing contact information including but not limited to billing name, billing phone number, and company name. This information is used for billing purposes and may be used to verify and fill customers’ orders. If a difficulty is encountered when processing an order, your billing or shipping contact information may be used for obvious purposes.
Security
Larry Hodge Racing has implemented multiple levels of web site security to ensure a safe online shopping environment. We use secure servers that are monitored 24/7 and have received SSL secure server certification.All personal information, billing information, and all other transaction information are required to be collected from at least a 128-bit encrypted secure web page. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, Larry Hodge Racing will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. We will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at www.larryhodgeracing.com while using the secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Cookies
Cookies provide a means for a Web server to induce a client to store information about itself which can subsequently be called up by the Web server when required. Currently, our only use of cookies is to store a unique session identifier, which allows us to maintain products added to your shopping cart and to differentiate you from other shoppers so your shopping cart is only available to you. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
IP Addresses
Your IP address is an identifier for your computer or device on a TCP/IP network, in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is automatically collected by our web server to analyze trends, administer the site, and track user movement. Your IP address is stored when you place an order and may be used in fraudulent charge investigations.
3rd Party Services
We may use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services that they may choose to purchase. These companies do not share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our web site.
Linked Web Sites
We provide links to third-party sites and cannot be held liable for information contained on these websites. Since we do not control these Web sites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) third-party sites.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. Larry Hodge Racing encourages parents to go online with their children.
Accessing and Updating Information
We need your help in making sure your personal information is correct in our systems. Please notify us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number via our contact form.
Your Consent
You consent to our collection and use of your personal information described in this privacy and security policy by using our web site. We will post any changes made to our privacy policy and procedures on our web site which will be accessible to you.
Contact Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, procedures and practices carried out by Larry Hodge Racing, or your dealings with our web site or shopping cart software, please contact us at via our contact form.
Modification
Modification of our privacy and security policy by Cirkuit Networks, Inc. Larry Hodge Racing reserves the right to change or update this policy at any time by posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy & Security Policy.
Customer ReviewsPhoto GalleryVideosFAQContact Us Site Map
Follow us on Facebook to see all of our latest projects
Larry Hodge Racing
109 N West A Street
P.O. Box 106
La Place, IL 61936
Work: (217)-677-2358
Cell: (217)-433-3060
larry@larryhodgeracing.com
We respect your privacy.
Cirkuit: Best Ecommerce Platform