https://www.jdhirondesigns.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The information you share with JDH Iron Designs allows us to provide the products and services you need and want while giving you the very best “JDH Iron Designs” experience. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Personal information from users or customers of JDH Iron Designs products and services is collected for the purpose of delivering products, services or related information to the user. We collect personal information that identifies you or reasonably can be linked to information that identifies you. For example, when you place an order online, we collect personal information, such as name, address, phone number, and credit or debit card information. JDH Iron Designs will not knowingly share personal information with third parties except as set forth in our Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use.
JDH Iron Designs may use non personally identifiable information to compile or generate user statics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners. We may also utilize non personally identifiable information to improve the user experience and to make improvements to our website and to our products and services.
JDH Iron Designs may use personal information to inform you of additional JDH Iron Designs products and services. JDH Iron Designs may share personal information with third parties who provide administrative services such as, but not limited to, authorization of credit card and check transactions, order fulfillment, contest administration and fulfillment, and co-branded or joint product and service promotions. These service providers are granted access to some or all of your personal information only as is and to the extent necessary for them to perform their services for us.
Additionally, we may release information, with or without notice to you, when necessary to comply with the law or a court order or an investigation. We also may release information to law enforcement to protect our rights, property, or other interests, including those of our users or to prevent illegal activities or violations of our Terms of Use.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. Please Contact Us with any questions, or to request a list of third parties to whom we may share personal information for their marketing purposes and the categories of information we may disclose
Our Gift To You
SIGN UP NOW
*Limited period offer. One time use/person, and excludes custom designs.
Sign up and get 10% OFF of your first purchase
Our Gift To You
*Limited period offer. One time use/person, and excludes custom designs.
Thank You! Here is your coupone code:
newsletter-10off
Scroll To Top