http://www.TerraAllegraImports.com/privacy_policy.html
Terra Allegra Imports
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Product Categories
Imported Italian Cookware
News and Events
Terra Allegra Imports News
Reseller Opportunities
Retail Partners
Prints and Wallpaper
Legal
Legal Statement
Policies
Privacy Policy | Terra Allegra Imports
Privacy of Personal Information
Out of respect for the privacy of its users, the Terra Allegra Imports, LLC website (http://www.terraallegraimports.com) refrains from obtaining personal information from users without their explicit consent. Terra Allegra Imports, LLC does not distribute, sell or rent any personal information collected via its website. This is also true for personal information (email address, postal address, etc.) sent to the website's email addresses. The IMF does not send unsolicited emails to users of its site. The transmission of personal information entered via the site's registration forms.
Logos, art work, trademarks, written materials and their variations are trademarked or copyrighted by Terra Allegra Imports, LLC. All rights are reserved. No portion of this site may be reproduced in any form or distributed by any method, whether for profit or not, without the express written permission of Terra Allegra Imports, LLC.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Due to changing technological and marketing demands, we must reserve the right to change our policies regarding the privacy of your personally identifiable information in the future. If that happens, we will endeavor to promptly update this Privacy Policy. We may also attempt to provide a message to our customers whose e-mail addresses we have, in conformity with this Privacy Policy, advising of any such change(s). Your continued use of the web site following changes to this policy will indicate that you accept the changes. For ease of your review of any changes, the following is a list of the date of all revisions to this Privacy Policy.
© 2006 Terra Allegra Imports, LLC All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | Legal | Sitemap | Contact Us