https://www.2modern.com/pages/privacy
NEW
New Arrivals
New Furniture
New Office Furniture
New Lighting
New Outdoor Furniture
New Kids & Baby
New Decor
New Wallpaper
New Kitchen & Tabletop
New Pets
Trending Now
Cappellini
Fall Trends 2020
Indoor & Outdoor Games
Bohemian Decor
Coastal Modern Looks
Favorite Scandinavian Designs
Standing Desks For Home Office
Art Deco Accents & Decor
Hidden Gems | Unseen Originals
Trends & Inspiration
Shop By Style
Mid-Century Modern
Art Deco
Scandinavian Modern
Modern Farmhouse
Editor's Picks
Expandable Dining Tables
Modern Rugs
Outdoor Dining Chairs
Storage Boxes
Lounge Chairs
How To Tutorials
Choose the Right Dining Room Table
Decorate with Couch Pillows
Kitchen Island Lighting in 4 Steps
A Guide To Find The Perfect Sofa
FURNITURE
Living Room
Sofas
Lounge Chairs
Coffee Tables
Side & Accent Tables
Media Consoles
Ottomans
Accent Stools
Console Tables
Dining Room
Dining Tables
Dining Chairs
Dining Benches
Stools
Sideboards & Buffets
Credenzas
Bedroom
Beds
Nightstands
Dressers
Office
Desks
Desk Chairs
Desk Lamps
Game Room
Game Tables
Media Consoles
Bar Carts & Cabinets
Outdoor
Furniture on Sale
OFFICE
Desks
Standing Desks
Floating Desks
Computer Desks
Space Saving Desks
Conference Tables
Desk Chairs
Swivel Office Chairs
Ergonomic Office Chairs
Filing Cabinets
Bookcases & Shelves
Room Dividers
Office Accessories
Desk Lamps
Office on Sale
LIGHTING
Ceiling Lights
Pendant Lights
Chandeliers
Flush Mounts
Semi Flush Mounts
Linear Suspension
Wall Lights
Wall Sconces
Bath & Vanity Lights
Swing Arm Lights
Table Lamps
Accent Table Lamps
Desk Lamps
Portable Lamps
Floor Lamps
Accent Floor Lamps
Arc Floor Lamps
Torchieres Floor Lamps
Reading Floor Lamps
Fans
Ceiling Fans
Wall Fans
Outdoor Fans
Table & Floor Fans
Outdoor Lighting
Outdoor Ceiling Lights
Outdoor Wall Lights
Outdoor Floor Lamps
Outdoor Table Lamps
Landscape Lighting
Lighting on Sale
OUTDOOR
Outdoor Lounging
Outdoor Lounge Chairs
Outdoor Sofas
Outdoor Chaises
Outdoor Coffee Tables
Outdoor Side & End Tables
Outdoor Fireplaces & Fire Pits
Outdoor Dining
Outdoor Dining Tables
Outdoor Dining Chairs
Outdoor Stools
Outdoor Benches
Outdoor Entertaining
Outdoor Accessories
Outdoor Planters
Outdoor Umbrellas & Shade
Outdoor Throws
Outdoor Cushions & Pillows
Outdoor Rugs
Outdoor Games
Outdoor Lighting
Outdoor Ceiling Lights
Outdoor Wall Lights
Outdoor Floor Lamps
Outdoor Table Lamps
Landscape Lighting
Outdoor Furniture on Sale
Outdoor Lighting on Sale
All Outdoor on Sale
KIDS & BABY
Nursery Furniture
Cribs
Rockers & Gliders
Changing Tables
Dressers & Nightstands
High Chairs
Bookcases & Shelving
Kids Furniture
Kids Beds
Kids Dressers
Kids Nightstands
Kids Bookcases & Shelving
Kids Tables & Desks
Kids Seating
Kids & Baby Bedding
Kids Bedding
Baby Bedding
Kids & Baby Playroom
Kids & Nursery Decor
Kids Rugs
Kids Wallpaper
Kids Lighting
Mobiles
RUGS
Rugs
Area Rugs
Hallway Runners
Outdoor Rugs
Floor Mats
Rug Pads
Rugs by Shape
Rectangular Rugs
Square Rugs
Round Rugs
Oval Rugs
Rugs on Sale
DECOR
Wall Decor
Wallpaper
Temporary Wallpaper
Wall Art
Planters
Indoor Planters
Outdoor Planters
Pets
Home Decor
Storage Baskets & Bins
Vases
Decorative Objects
Clocks
Candle Holders
Desk Accessories
Coat Stands & Wall Hooks
Mirrors
Throw Pillows
Blankets & Throws
Bathroom Accessories
Bathroom Hardware
Shower Curtains
Bathroom Mats
Bathroom Linen & Towels
Bath & Vanity Mirrors
Bath & Toilet Accessories
Wallpaper on Sale
Decor on Sale
Planters on Sale
KITCHEN & TABLE
Drinkware & Barware
Wine Glasses
Champagne Glasses
Cocktail Glasses
Beer Glasses
Drinking Glasses
Coasters
Barware Tools
Mugs & Teacups
Coffee Servers & Carafes
Beverage Servers
Dinnerware
Plates
Dinner Bowls
Mugs & Teacups
Dinnerware Sets
Flatware
Serveware
Table Linens & Textiles
Placemats
Napkins & Napkin Rings
Tablecloth & Runners
Kitchen Tools & Gadgets
Spice & Condiment Holders
Kitchen & Tabletop Sale
GIFTS
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for the Host
Gifts Under $200
Gifts under $100
Shop All Gifts
Modern Holiday Decor
SALE
All Furniture on Sale
All Tables on Sale
All Seating on Sale
All Lighting on Sale
Pendants on Sale
Chandeliers on Sale
Wall Lights on Sale
Table Lamps on Sale
Floor Lamps on Sale
All Outdoor on Sale
Outdoor Furniture on Sale
Outdoor Lighting on Sale
Outdoor Decor on Sale
Planters on Sale
All Office on Sale
All Rugs on Sale
All Tabletop on Sale
All Decor on Sale
All Fans on Sale
NEW & TRENDS
FURNITURE
OFFICE
LIGHTING
OUTDOOR
KIDS & BABY
RUGS
DECOR
KITCHEN & TABLE
FANS
WALLS
GIFTS
SALE
Cart
Trade Program
My Account
1-888-222-4410
FURNITURE
LIGHTING
SALE
MOST POPULAR » New: Outdoor Fire Pits | The Modern Gift Guide | Holiday Shipping: Place Orders by 12/10 for 12/24 Delivery*
Home
Privacy & Security Policy
Help
Contact Us
Ordering
Shipping
Returns & Exchanges
Discounts & Exclusions
Gift Cards
Learn More
About Us
Why Shop 2Modern
In The Media
Testimonials
Charity & Community
Subscribe
Professionals
Trade Program
Press Requests
Other
Careers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Notice at Collection
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Last updated: January 1, 2020
2Modern, an online website accessible at www.2Modern.com (the “Website”) recognizes that you care how information about you is used and shared and we respect your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we may collect from you, how we collect that information, how we use that information, and your choices with respect to how your information is collected and used. By using our website, mobile applications, or providing information to us, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. For our visitors, customers, and others who reside in the State of California, additional information on our data collection and privacy practices can be found at Privacy Notice for California Residents.
This Privacy Policy was last updated January 1, 2020, and may be updated from time to time. Please check back periodically for further updates and changes to the Privacy Policy. The most updated version will be available on our website.
WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT ME IS COLLECTED AND STORED?
Information Provided by You
We collect and store information that you provide to us through our interactions with you, including through our website, blog, through our customer service representatives, through our sales representatives, through contests/sweepstakes, at events, through mobile applications, and through third parties.
You may elect not to provide certain information, which could result in you not being able to take advantage of certain capabilities of this website, our mobile applications or other services we offer.
We may request, collect and store some or all of the following types of personal information: your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, location, telephone number, financial and payment information, including your credit card number and expiration date, date of birth, and any information about a third party you provide accessing the website. If you access our website or mobile applications with your log-in credentials from a social networking site (e.g. Facebook, Google, or Twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with us with a social networking site, we may receive personal information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of such social networking site. This may include your email address, public profile (including your name, profile picture, gender, age, and the names of your other “friends” on such social networking sites). We may add this to the information we have already collected from you via other interactions.
Automatically Collected Information
We collect and store certain other non-personally identifiable information automatically whenever you interact with us. For example, we may collect your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser information and reference site domain name when you visit this website. We may analyze this data for preferences, trends, and site usage statistics.
Other information we may collect includes information we indirectly collect from you such as your behavior on our site. We use this information to improve the user experience. This may include, but is not limited to: your activities and clicks on our website, maps accessed, comments, tags, notifications, and shares. This information may also include your interactions with other users on our site.
We may also collect information by using cookies, web beacons, Adobe Flash, log files, and related technologies in order to analyze and understand how the website is used and to improve your visits to the website. For example, we may use cookies and related technologies to: (i) customize account pages for you, (ii) track user visits and account features, (iii) determine what features and pages are most frequently requested or visited, and (iv) save your password so you do not have to provide it each time you visit the website.
"Cookies" are small text files that a website sends to a user's hard drive through the browser for data storage. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. By disabling or otherwise rejecting cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings on this website. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better overall experience on this website.
We use third-party companies to provide Internet data hosting and to help us measure and determine how visitors use our website and to evaluate the effectiveness of our website and promotions so that we can improve and optimize our website and the products and services we offer (such as Google Analytics).
We may use third-party companies to serve advertisements (banners or links) on our behalf throughout the Internet. These companies use tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) to collect non-identifiable information about your visits to our website and your interactions with our products and services. We do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising on this site or generally, you can find more information by visiting the following links: FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads; GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous; and BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads.
Our websites currently do not have a mechanism to recognize “Do Not Track” signals, but several of the third-party companies who utilize these cookies or beacons enable you to opt out of this advertising. If you wish to opt out of receiving this third-party interest-based advertising, you may obtain more information HERE. Please note this does not opt you out of receiving marketing communications from us.
Some of our e-mail communications to you may include a "click-through URL" linked to a particular page on the website. By clicking on one of these URLs, you will automatically enter our website and we may collect information related to the "click-through." You may avoid having this information collected by not clicking on URL links in our e-mail communications.
Information from Other Sources
We may collect information about you from third-party sources and information that is publicly available. For example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g., a blog, chat room, or social network site) can be read, collected, or used by us and others, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances. Another example, is that we may receive demographic information about you from a third party to make our service and marketing efforts more efficient and personalized for you.
How Do I Indicate Whether Or Not I Want To Receive Promotional Communications?
You will be able to change your email preferences for receiving promotional emails by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional e-mails we send you. Please note that removal of personal information from our database or "opting-out" will not stop marketing or advertising content that is generated for distribution or is otherwise queued for transmission to you prior to the time when we can implement your request.
If you establish an account, you may receive certain types of communications even if you have not opted-in to receive them because these types of communications may be necessary in order to maintain an account on the website.
HOW IS YOUR INFORMATION USED?
We use the personal information we collect to communicate with you, analyze and develop our business, and to improve our products, services, and interactions with customers. We, or third-party service providers we engage, may use the information to provide services that you have requested, provide customer service, respond to your comments, questions or complaints, personalize your interactions with us, identify your preferences and online browsing habits, analyze trends and statistics, create, administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions, evaluate and improve the website and our services, to create, maintain, customer, secure your account with us, and prepare and send you information regarding our services. We also use your information for business purposes such as security, legal compliance, payment processing, analytics, operations, fraud detection, reporting, making back-ups, and aggregating or anonymizing (in which case it is no longer considered personal information).
We may display personal testimonials/reviews of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@2modern.com.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THIS INFORMATION?
Except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent, or share with third parties any of your personal information.
We may share personal information with certain third parties that perform services on our behalf. The services provided by those third parties may include: operating or hosting the website, providing the products and services you request, authorization and processing of your payments, product fulfillment, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, marketing and promotional material distribution, loyalty program management, promotions fulfillment, web site evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We may share personal information with a third party if we are required by law to disclose that personal information. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to respond to a subpoena, court order or other legal process. We may also disclose this information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or if we believe disclosure is necessary to investigate or address unlawful acts or acts that may endanger the health or safety of a consumer or the general public, to verify or enforce compliance with the terms of use and policies that govern our website or as otherwise required or permitted by law. In addition, the personal information you provide to us may be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale involving all or part of the 2Modern website or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change of control.
NEVADA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of Nevada and you would like to request under Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes that we not sell your personally identifiable information, please submit a request to privacy@2modern.com with the subject “Nevada Personally Identifiable Information Request. Please be aware that we do not currently sell personally identifiable information of our visitors as that term is used in Chapter 603A.
WHAT ABOUT THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN UNDER 13?
We do not intend to collect personal information from anyone who is under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13 you should not provide any personal information to us and you should use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and suspect he/she has provided personal information on or through the website, please contact us as set forth below under the section entitled "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
HOW DO WE KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
The security of your information is very important to us. We have instituted several measures and security procedures to protect our servers and networks that store personal information. However, no transmission of information over the Internet is 100% secure and, therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information. In order to help protect personal information you provide to us: (i) you should not share your password or account information with anyone else, (ii) you should use a secure web browser, and (iii) you should change your password often. If you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of a password, please contact us as set forth below under "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
TrustGuard & Global Sign
Our website utilizes the latest technology for shopping and e-commerce security. We have multiple layers of protection from the best security-providers the internet has to offer, and we are certified by both TrustGuard and Global Sign.
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. All of your personal information, including your credit card information and sign-in password, are stored in encrypted format at all times.
HOW CAN I ACCESS, CORRECT, AND UPDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
You may access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on the "My Account" area of this website and following the instructions set forth therein or by contacting us with your request as set forth below under the section entitled "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
We reserve the right to retain any personal information reasonably necessary to appropriately document our business activities and for record retention purposes. We will store personal information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You may find out more details regarding this Privacy Policy by contacting us as provided below under "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
WHAT HAPPENS WHEN I LINK TO OR FROM ANOTHER WEBSITE?
This website may contain links to or from websites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply ("Linked Websites"). Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not reflect the practices regarding information collection, use and disclosure of Linked Websites or the owners or operators of those Linked Websites. Your use of Linked Websites will be governed by the terms of use, privacy policies, and other terms, notices, and policies set forth or referenced in those Linked Websites. We encourage you to be aware that when you leave this website you should read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit to ensure protection of your information.
Changes to this Statement
2Modern will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. 2Modern encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Company is protecting your information.
WHAT IF I AM AN INTERNATIONAL USER?
Our digital operations are conducted in the United States and this website is not targeted at anyone outside of the United States. You consent to have your personal data transferred, processed, and stored in the United States, and allow 2Modern to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your privacy or the Privacy Policy you can send a request with your concerns or any further questions to us by using the contact information provided below:
By Email: privacy@2modern.comSubject:
Privacy Policy Questions
By Mail:Carve Media, Inc. (dba 2Modern)www.2modern.com35 Miller AveMill Valley, CA, 94941
Effective as of January 1, 2020