https://www.universityproducts.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Account
Archival Essentials
Archival Storage
ARCHIVAL STORAGE
Archival Storage Boxes
Archival Storage Folders & Enclosures
City & Municipal Vital Records Storage
Natural History Archival Supplies
Textile Conservation Supplies
Museum Racks and Cabinets
Disaster Preparedness
Library Products
Equipment & Tools
Conservation Equipment
Archival Conservation Tools
Cutters & Trimmers
Artifact Cleaning Supplies
Temperature & Humidity Monitoring
Mount Making Tools
pH Testing and Deacidification
Identification & Labeling Tools
Lighting and Magnification
Encapsulation Sealing Equipment
Suction Tables
Bookbinding & Repair Tools
Conservation Materials
CONSERVATION MATERIALS
Paper, Film & Board
Conservation Adhesives
Archival Framing
Conservation & Repair Tapes
Archival Bookbinding & Repair
Books on Conservation
Photo Products
Archival Photo Storage Boxes
Acid-Free Print Storage Enclosures
Photo Albums & Pages
Photo Presentation Portfolios & Cases
Museum Matting & Framing
Archival Photo Mounting
Interleaving Acid-Free Tissue & Paper
Negative & Slide Archival Storage
Photo CD/DVD Storage
Photo Handling & Cleaning
Photo Viewing Systems
Exhibit & Display
EXHIBIT & DISPLAY
Environmental Monitoring & Security
Exhibit Moving and Shipping
Display Cases & Mounts
Exhibit Wall Hanging Systems
Museum & Gallery Public Guidance
Mounting & Pinning Supplies
Display Accessories
Book Displays & Supports
Collections Storage
Newspapers
Magazines & Brochures
Rare Books
Ephemera
Comic Books
Trading Cards
Movie Posters/Lobby Cards
Postcard Storage
Memory Scrapbooking
Coins & Currency
Silverware & Metals
Media Storage
New Products
Quick Order
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how this website (hereafter "the Store") uses and protects any information that you give the Store while using this website. The Store is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The Store may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Preserving our heritage since 1968 with Museum Quality Archival Products
© University Products, Inc. 2020