http://www.easiyo.com/policies/privacy-policy
Global
Australia
New Zealand
Europe
United Kingdom
Cart (0)
Products
Yogurt Varieties
Wellbeing
Everyday
Greek Style
Protein
Reduced Sugar
Makers & Jars
Makers
Jars
Reusable Pouches
Try something new...
Have you tried our latest recipe?This blueberry protein smoothie bowl will give you the start you need in the morning.
Try recipe
Want to know more?
Get in touch
Recipes
Our Yogurt
Blog
Our Story
Products
About
Privacy policy
Introduction
Your privacy is important to EasiYo Products Limited and EasiYo Products (Aust) Limited (referred to in this Privacy Policy as EasiYo, we, our or us).  This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose the personal information that we collect from you or which we have obtained about you from a third party.   This Privacy Policy sets out various rights that you have in relation to that personal information.  Please take a moment to read and understand it.
We may modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting an updated version on our website (at nz.easiyo.com or au.easiyo.com) (Site).  By continuing to use the Site or any of our products you consent to any such modifications or amendments.
If you choose not to provide certain personal information, it will limit or prevent your ability to access and use our products.  In this case we may not be able to provide you with products that you request and we may have to cancel any order you have placed with us.
This Privacy Policy explains:
how we collect personal information;
the kind of personal information we collect;
how we use, and may share, your personal information;
how we use cookies;
responsibility for personal information collect through linked third party websites;
how you can access/amend your personal information;
how long we hold personal information; and
who you can contact for further information.
How we collect personal information
We may collect personal information about you by the following means:
when you purchase products from us;
when you create an account with us and update your account information;
when you sign up to our mailing list to receive direct marketing;
when you contact us for information about or products; and
when you contact us for any other purpose.
We may also collect any other personal information you may choose to provide to us, or authorise other persons to provide to us.
The kind of personal information we collect
We collect the personal information you give us or others to provide to us (which may include your name, date of birth, and contact details including your phone number, address and email address). We may also keep a record of communications we have with you, information we obtain in the course of providing products to you and any information that you acquire from us.
If you are a customer we may retain details about your transactions with us including the products you have purchased or, if you sign up for a customer account, your login/profile details and any order history and use of the site.
When you are making a payment through the Site, the Site directs you to a secure payment processing website to make payment. We do not retain any of your credit card details.
How we use, and may share, your personal information
We use your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide you with the products that you purchase from us;
to reply to your queries or requests, including when you make a request for support or make an inquiry;
to manage your customer account and transactions, including the performance of our contract with you;
to enforce any agreement with you (including to supply, and invoice for, products and services ordered by, and to collect payment);
to create an individual profile for you so that we can enhance your user experience including to provide you with information and offers in relation to the products offered by us if you have indicated that you would like to receive this information;
to help us plan, improve, tailor, optimise and promote the products that we offer and to develop new products;
to comply with relevant laws and regulations;
to track and analyse user activity on our Site including to collate and analyse any survey responses (where not completed anonymously), in understanding our customers, developing our business and informing our marketing strategy;
for any specific purpose which we notify you of at the time your personal information is collected;
to protect and improve our business and our Site, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data as necessary in running our business, the provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation, sale or group restructure exercise;
for our administrative purposes and any other purposes in relation to the operation of our business.
We may disclose information about you:
for any purpose for which the information was collected for;
to our service providers (including our distributor partners, implementation partners, hosting providers, payment processors and shipping providers);
to other third parties (including our product distributors) to the extent reasonably required to carry out any of the purposes for which we may use your personal information (as outlined above);
if we are requested to do so in the course of legal proceedings or other investigations; or
with your authorisation or where we are otherwise permitted to do so by applicable law.
Given that EasiYo operates internationally, personal information of users and customers may be transferred across national and continental borders, including for contractual purposes. Within the EasiYo organisation, such international transfers are governed by internal controls and rules, consistent with this Privacy Policy. For such international transfers to and from affiliates and other third parties, EasiYo has in place enforceable agreements containing privacy and data protection obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy.
How we process payments
Payments made on the Site are made securely through our payment solutions provider. Information which you supply Shopify Payments (Stripe) is subject to Shopify and Stripe’s own privacy policies and terms and conditions.
How we use cookies
We may use “cookies” and collect session information to provide you with access to tailored information and products on the Site.
A cookie is a small data file that the Site sends to your browser, which may then store it on your system for later retrieval by the Site. Cookies record information about your online preferences and allow us to tailor the websites to your interests. Information supplied by cookie and session information can help us to analyse the profile of the Site’s visitors and help us to provide you with a better user experience.
Users have the opportunity, using their browser settings, to set their devices to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, deleted, or not to receive cookies at any time. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some of their features or functionality may be limited.
We may use non-personalised statistics about the use of or Site to monitor site traffic, to analyse trends, to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, to improve our Site and to improve Site user experience.   These anonymised and/or amalgamated statistics do not comprise personal information.
To opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
In addition to cookies, we use Google Analytics to understand and optimise user experience and to improve our advertising.  This tracking software collects and analyses certain types of information, including cookies, IP addresses, device and software identifiers, referring and exit URLs, onsite behaviour and usage information, and other similar information.  We and Google Analytics may also use cookies to anonymously track and target advertising based on your browsing behaviour. You can see how Google uses data when you access our Site https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites.
For further information on cookies and how to switch them off see www.allaboutcookies.org.
Responsibility for personal information collect through linked third party websites
The Site, any direct marketing, or other communications we have with you may contain links to third party websites. Unless expressly stated otherwise, these websites have not been developed by and are not controlled by us. They are provided for your convenience only, and do not imply that we check, endorse, approve or agree with the privacy practices of the third party websites linked to. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website you visit.
More information about our Site, and the terms of use applicable to it, can be found at nz.easiyo.com/policies/terms-of-service.
How you can access/amend your personal information
If you wish to obtain confirmation that we hold personal information about you and to access that information, or you wish to request a correction to your personal information that we hold, please contact us at the address below.
You may also amend your personal information associated with your account by updating your account details.
If you request access to, or a copy of, your personal information, we will provide you with a copy of the personal information we keep about you. However, we reserve the right to charge you a reasonable amount for providing copies of any personal information you request, to take into account the time, cost and effort involved.
If you request a correction to your personal information and we agree that your personal information needs correcting, an amended record of your personal information will be provided back to you. If we do not agree to your request for a correction, you may request that we take reasonable steps to attach to the information a statement of correction sought but not made.
How long we hold personal information
We will determine how long we hold your personal information, except that we will not keep your personal information for longer than is necessary to achieve the purposes for which we may lawfully use it.
If your personal information is no longer required by us, we will either destroy the information or de-identify it so it cannot be attributed to you personally.
Who you can contact for further information
If you have any queries about this Privacy Policy or personal information we have collected about you, please contact us at:
Email: Privacy@easiyo.com
Writing: PO Box 302321, North Harbour, Auckland 0751, New Zealand
Attn: – Kobus Botha
Telephone: +64 3 756 9800
Last updated:  28 April 2020