http://www.dugout-memories.com/policy.html
PRIVACY
POLICY
This document explains
Dugout Memories Inc. ("DMI") policies for the collection, use and disclosure
of personal information.
This policy forms
part of, and should be read in conjunction with, our Terms
of Use.
Dugout Memories Inc. believes that
privacy is crucial for the ongoing success of Internet commerce. Our status
as an Internet merchant requires us to have a stringent policy regarding all
of the information that we collect through Capital One's SparkPay commerce site.
Your use of this
site or the services of our certified payment gateway, PayPal, constitutes acceptance
of these terms and conditions. If you do not agree with these policies, please
cease using this site immediately. For PayPal's privacy policy please see www.paypal.com/ca/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full?locale.x=en_CA.
If such amendments affect how Dugout Memories Inc. uses or discloses personal
information already held by DMI in a material and adverse way over and above
previous express or implied consent, Dugout Memories Inc. will contact you to obtain consent.
Dugout Memories Inc. takes reasonable precautions to ensure your privacy on the terms contained
in this policy.
DMI uses reasonable
efforts to, but cannot totally prevent, unintended disclosures by such means
as hackers and other unauthorized individuals, and inadvertent or illicit employee
actions.
Cardholder Provided
Information:
Our electronic
purchase service through Capital One's SparkPay commerce technology
requires that cardholders provide contact information (including
without limitation: name, address, city, state or province, postal code, country,
telephone and email), and financial information (including without limitation:
name on credit card, credit card number and expiry date), and ordering information
to PayPal. This information is collected and used to process the transaction
and for internal accounting and other procedures.
Information
Automatically Collected:
Our web site keeps
track of usage data, such as the source address that a page request is coming
from, your IP address or domain name, the date and time of the page request,
the referring web site (if any) and other parameters in the URL. The IP addresses
we collected by InternetSecure are linked to personally identifiable information.
This is collected in order to combat fraud during the purchase process. We also
use this data to better understand Web site usage in the aggregate so that we
know what areas of our Web site users prefer. Automatically collected information
is also used for the same purposes as customer/cardholder supplied information.
Sharing of Information:
PayPal is acting
as an intermediary between DMI and a user's credit card company. Certain information
submitted through the electronic purchase service (excluding credit card numbers)
is shared with Dugout Memories Inc. by PayPal so that we can fulfill the order. Information is
also shared with other parties necessary to complete credit card transactions,
including, without limitation, companies related to DMI, credit card companies,
credit card clearing houses and processors, and financial institutions.
Except for the
above parties, and for use by Dugout Memories consultants and professional advisers on
DMI behalf for the uses disclosed herein, DMI does not share personal information
with any other third parties.
Order Form /
Email Inquiries:
No information
sent to DMI via email or the website order form is used for any reason other
than to respond to and maintain a record of the inquiry or order. This information
is not sent to third parties or retained for mailing list purposes.
Security:
Dugout Memories Inc. takes measures
to protect and keep information secure. All online credit card transactions
from this website are processed through PayPal or Capital One's SparkPay commerce site.
Once you click on the "Purchase"
button on DMI's online order form you are taken to PayPal's secure server. PayPal's
electronic purchase service is secured with SSL encryption. All information
collected by DMI is held offline, secured via SSL encryption, and protected
by a firewall. Whenever sensitive information is transmitted to PayPal through
their Web site, such as a credit card number, their server provides 128-bit
encryption of the information as it travels across the Internet. PayPal restricts
internal access to personal information to selected members of PayPal's staff.
Contacting Dugout Memories Inc.:
If you have questions
about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with
this web site, you may contact:
Glenn Gough
Dugout Memories Inc.
295 Joe White Road
Monroe, La 71203
Phone: (318) 355-0642
Email: sales@dugout-memories.com