http://www.thingsilove.org.uk/privacy.shtml#cookies
Navigation
Home
About Us
Create Wishlist
Help
LoginSign Up
Search
This site uses cookies to function. To confirm you are happy with this and want to continue exploring our site, please click here. Read our cookie usage policy for more details on how we use cookies.Privacy Policy
Just to make perfectly clear to anyone who might have any concerns...
Any personal information (email addresses, gift lists etc) provided to
this website are only going to be used by this website. They will not be
sold to other websites or companies. We won't flood you with emails
either.
How we use your data
The name you provide is just so your friends and family can find your
online wishlist easily. Your birth date (just month and day) is also used to
make it easier to find your lists and also can be used by yourself or your
friends to be reminded when your birthday is coming up.
Your email address is kept private. It is how you can recover your
account if you forget the password. We will also send emails notifying you
when your friends or your birthday are coming up if you subscribe to such
notifications. Very rarely we may send important updates to the service via
email, but mostly that is done using social media.
If you don't want use to have this information any more, you can delete your account.
Cookies
This site uses cookies to keep track of your session. No personal
information is stored in them, but they can be used by the website to
identify who you are. When you log out, the session cookie is deleted.
Otherwise the cookie will pretty much last forever, thus saving you the
hassle of constantly logging in.
The site may provide 3rd party cookies for some online stores related to
the advertising featured on the site which is used to offset the costs of
hosting and running this service, for example as an Amazon Associate I earn
from qualifying purchases made from their websites.
Social media features may also create 3rd party cookies. We also make use
of Google Analytics to anomynously understand how people use this website,
which also uses cookies.