https://www.chacodog.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website is owned and operated by Grand Teton Trading Corporation.
Your privacy is important to us. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, you can contact us at  info@Chacodog.com. We'll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
This privacy policy is effective as of 12/1/2003
OUR POLICY
Chacodog.com does not collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means we don't require visitors to register or provide information to us in order to view our site.
If you shop with us via our website we collect the following information: name, address, phone number, email address, billing information including credit card number and expiration date as well as prospect information such as an alternative address for shipping purposes. We only use your name, address, phone number, billing information/credit card information to process your order. The email address you provide is used for internal purposes only, such as confirming and tracking your order. We may also contact you via email or regular mail from time-to-time to keep you up-to-date on the latest Chacodog.com news. If you would rather not receive marketing emails from us, please email us at info@Chacodog.com.
Our site sometimes includes notices of sweepstakes or other promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (e.g., to contact you if you're a winner). We don't share this information you give us with anyone outside of Chacodog.com.
From time to time, our site may also be conducting questionnaires and surveys. Survey information is treated like all of the information we collect, and it is used to help us improve the appeal of our products and our site.
Chacodog.com takes your privacy and security seriously, and for this reason we have established physical security measures including locked doors and files, electronic security and managerial controls that limit the potential for misuse of information by employees and contractors.
COOKIES
Like most companies, we use "cookie" technology on our web site. When you log in, the cookie tells us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. The cookie doesn't track any personal information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookie doesn't extract any information from your computer. Cookies are simply the best way for us to be able to offer you the most enjoyable and hassle-free online shopping environment.