http://www.batteryweb.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
RELEVANT POLICIES
Every purchase on our site will be handled by the best commercially available encryption method (128-bit Secure Socket Layer). This ensures that their transactions are secure and no information can be passed on to unauthorized third parties.
WE STORE THE FOLLOWING INFORMATION
During the checkout process, we collect and store personal data (especially first and last name, address, telephone number and email address). This data is only used to process your order and to contact you in direct relation to your order.
When registering for the newsletter, we store your e -mail address for purposes of emailing you. However you can unsubscribe at any time. The e-mail address will not be shared with other companies.
We maintain an order history to understand keep a record of past orders and to make appropriate offers, if necessary. We collect further information on the number of page views in our shop and watch anonymous usage patterns in order to make the site more user-friendly.
All customer data is stored and processed by us in accordance with the relevant laws and provisions.
USE OF "COOKIES"
On several pages, we use cookies to make visiting our website attractive and to enable certain features. Cookies are small amounts of data that are sent from the Web server to your computer. This can not damage your computer and they can be seen in the Windows folder "Temporary Internet files". Most of the cookies used by us are deleted from your hard disk at the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your computer and allow us to recognize your computer on the next visit (so-called persistent cookies). Our partner companies are not permitted to collect personal information through our website using cookies.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
We do not give out your personal data without your explicit and revocable consent to third parties. However, we specifically exclude the disclosure of personal information to our service providers, which are essential for the direct processing of your order (eg the company responsible for the shipping company and the company responsible for processing payments). In cases of data sharing in the context of order processing it is limited to the minimum amount of data necessary.
If you have signed up for the newsletter from us, we also use data provided during the registration for the purpose of sending the newsletter. There is no transfer of the data to third parties. Exceptions are only partners who are responsible for the technical execution of the newsletter mailing. In these cases the amount of transferred data is limited to the minimum necessary. Our data protection rules are in compliance with applicable laws. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or longer our promotional e- mails click a link that says "Unsubscribe", which is included in all of our e-mails sent.
RIGHT TO INFORMATION
You have a right to free information about your stored data and a right to rectification, blocking or erasure of data if not controlled and / or commercial regulations allow this.
Copyright © 1996 - 2020 BatteryWeb.com, All Rights Reserved.Battery Web is an online retailer of Batteries, Battery Chargers and other Battery Accessories.