http://www.onlinetires.com/privacy-policy/
Cart
M-F 8am-6pm PST
Track Order
Help Center
877-465-8473
M-F 8am-6pm PST
877-465-8473
All Tires
All Tires
PCR/LT tires
Truck Tires
Farm & AG
Specialty Tires
Track Order
Help Center
Savings
Financing
Why Online Tires
Delivery & Installers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (www.onlinetires.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately by clicking here
Customer Support
Contact Us
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Keep up to date with coupons and promotions
Submit
Support
Tire Buying 101
Financing
Return/Refund Policy
Proper Tire Inflation and Tire Safety Checks
Who We Are
About OnlineTire
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
877.465.8473
CustomerService@onlinetires.com
Mon-Fri (PST) 8:00am - 6:00pm
Our Mailing List
Sign up for Best Deals
Connect with Online Tires
Payment Methods
Risk Free Guarantee
© 2020 Online Tires. All Rights Reserved.
Ezytire Toolbox