http://www.bemybear.com/privacy-policy/
Make Your Own BearMake Anywhere Friend KitsTravel Friend KitsCelebrity BearsRays of Sunshine BearsEco RangePartiesParty Kit PacksPersonalised Birthday T-ShirtsHeartbeat & Message BearsPre-Stuffed Heartbeat BearsPre-Stuffed Gender Reveal BearsPre-Stuffed Message BearsWorry FriendsTeddy Bear ClothesSoundsAccessories
Blog
Help & Information
Your Account
Your Orders
Contact Us
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We will ask you to consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy when you first visit our website.
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Be My Bear Limited. For more information about us, see Section 13.
Credit
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
How we use your personal data
In this Section 3 we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
[in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data];
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website and services.
We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name and email address. The source of the account data is you. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process your information included in your personal profile on our website ("profile data"). The profile data may include your name, address, telephone number and email address. The profile data may be processed for the purposes of enabling and monitoring your use of our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at you request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process your personal data that are provided in the course of the use of our services ("service data"). The service data may include your name, address, phone number and email address. The source of the service data is you. The service data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may process information that you post for publication on our website or through our services ("publication data"). The publication data may be processed for the purposes of enabling such publication and administering our website and services. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information contained in any enquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("enquiry data"). The enquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely our interest in the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content associated with the communication. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section 3, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us, unless we prompt you to do so.
Providing your personal data to others
We may disclose [your personal data] to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisers insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We may disclose your personal data such as name and email address or phone number to our supplier identified www.thebearfactory.com insofar as reasonably necessary for supply of goods in your territory where it is not practicable to supply from the UK.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Global Payments and PayPal. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices athttps://www.globalpaymentsinc.com/en/privacy-statementhttps://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section 4, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
International transfers of your personal data
In this Section 5, we provide information about the circumstances in which your personal data may be transferred to countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United Kingdom.
Our inventory management system is situated in India. Transfers to this country are protected by appropriate safeguards, namely a contractual agreement between Be My Bear and the Data Processor, which includes the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission and ICO.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such personal data by others.
Retaining and deleting personal data
This Section 6 sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your personal data as follows:
Hard copies of invoices will be retained for a minimum period of 2 months following processing of order and for a maximum period of 3 months following dispatch.
Electronic transactions are retained for a period of 7 years to comply with HMRC financial regulations of accounting
In some cases it is not possible for us to specify in advance the periods for which your personal data will be retained. In such cases, we will determine the period of retention based on the following criteria:
the period of retention of email addresses for correspondence will be determined based on the length of time required to conclude any issues or questions that have arisen during the ordering process
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section 6, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
Your rights
In this Section 8, we have summarised the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee. You can access your personal data by logging into your account on our website.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
consent; or
that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section 8].
About cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Cookies that we use
We use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website][ (cookies used for this purpose are:
frontend_cid
frontend
[status - we use cookies [to help us to determine if you are logged into our website][ (cookies used for this purpose are:
frontend_cid
frontend
[personalisation - we use cookies [to store information about your preferences and to personalise the website for you][ (cookies used for this purpose are:
frontend_cid
frontend
[security - we use cookies [as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally][ (cookies used for this purpose are:
frontend_cid
frontend
[analysis - we use cookies [to help us to analyse the use and performance of our website and services][ (cookies used for this purpose are:
_ga
_gat
_gid
_utmz
_utmb
_utmt
_utmc
_utma
[cookie consent - we use cookies [to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally][ (cookies used for this purpose are:
_uetid
cookieAlertState
cookieAlertClosedFlag
[additional list items]
Cookies used by our service providers
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.[ The relevant cookies are: [identify cookies].]
Managing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac1 (Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Our details
This website is owned and operated by Be My Bear Limited.
We are registered in [England and Wales] under registration number 4223533, and our registered office is at Atlantic House, Blackmarsh Road, Mochdre, Colwyn Bay, Conwy LL28 5HA
Our principal place of business is at Atlantic House, Blackmarsh Road, Mochdre, Colwyn Bay, Conwy LL28 5HA
You can contact us:
by post, to the postal address given above;
by telephone, on the contact number published on our website or
by email, using the email address published on our
Data protection officer
Our data protection officer's contact details are: Pippa Thomas, enquiries@bemybear.com
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Exclusive News & Offers
When you sign up for a specific newsletter, we (Be My Bear) add your email address to a corresponding mailing list. While it is there, we know that we can contact you by email regarding that topic.
You can always have your email address removed from our mailing lists. There are multiple ways to do it:
Once your account is registered, just sign in and unsubscribe from newsletters in profile settings.
Use the “Unsubscribe” link in our newsletters that you receive.
Send an email to enquiries@bemybear.com.
We use a third-party email service called MailChimp to send newsletters. Some members of our staff can view mailing lists with email addresses. That way they’ll be able to remove your email address from the mailing list, should you request us to do so.
Please note that mailing lists are independent from each other. If you decide not to receive newsletters at all, you’ll have to unsubscribe from all the mailing lists. Even if you do that, you’ll still receive account-related emails (such as order status notifications, password reset emails, and more). It is essential for operating an online store.
If you decide that you no longer want to use our store and would like to have your personal data removed from our database (or if you’d like to get all the personal data associated with your account that we have), please send an email to enquiries@bemybear.com.
If you believe that your personal data has been misused, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. We’re obliged by EU General Data Protection Regulation to let you know about this right; we don’t actually intend to misuse your data!
Shop
Make Anywhere Bear Kits
Travel Ted Kits
Pre-Stuffed Heartbeat Bears
Pre-Stuffed Message Bears
Pre-Stuffed My Worry Friend
Teddy Bear Clothes
Sounds
Accessories
Parties
Sale Items
New Products
Information
Blog
About Us
Our Bears
Free Downloads
Recording Your Baby's Heartbeat
Delivery Information
BFPO Ordering Info
Returns Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Testimonials
Party Tips
Party Game Ideas
Fundraising Opportunities
Make a bear at The Bear Factory
Account
Sign In
Create Account
Customer Service
Contact Us
About Your Order
Wishlist
Environment
Build-A-Bear Compatibility Guide
Be My Bear
The award-winning build anywhere teddy bear company supplying kits for parties, gifts and everything in-between.
Atlantic House, Mochdre Business Park,Blackmarsh Road, Colwyn Bay LL28 5HAGet Directions
enquiries@bemybear.com
01492 544 666
PayPal
Visa
Visa Electron
MasterCard
Maestro
JCB
SSL
Copyright © 2001 - 2019 Be My Bear Limited. All Rights Reserved.Looking for wholesale bear making kits? Please visit Be My Bear Wholesale
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to ensure proper functionality of the shopping cart and checkout progress. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to the use of cookies.
Click here to learn about cookie settings.
Accept
Decline