https://www.bloomindesigns.com/privacy-statement/
Toggle menu
info@bloomindesigns.com
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
About Us
Bloomin Designs Blog
Contact Us
Order / Shipping
Guarantee
FAQ
Planting/Care Instructions
Compost
Plant Calculator
more Planting Guidelines
Growing Daylilies
Hemerocallis/Daylilies
Planting Hostas
Dividing Perennials
Resources
Common Insects Affecting Herbaceous Perennials
Diseases Affecting Herbaceous Perennials
Perennial Families
Perennial Plants Common Names
Reference Chart
USDA Zone Map
Privacy Statement
Shop By Category
Shop Plants A to Z
Achillea
Aconitum
Acorus
Agastache
Ajuga
Alcea
Alchemilla
Allium
Amsonia
Andropogon
Anenome
Anthemis
Aquilegia
Aralia
Armeria
Artemisia
Aruncus
Asarum
Asclepias
Aster
Astilbe
Athyrium
Baptisia
Belamcanda
Bergenia
Brunnera
Buddleia
Calamagrostis
Campanula
Campsis
Carex
Cerastium
Ceratostigma
Chrysogonum
Cimicifuga
Clematis
Colocasia
Convallaria
Coreopsis
Corydalis
Crocosmia
Cyrtomium
Delosperma
Delphinium
Dennstaedtia
Dianthus
Dicentra
Digitalis
Dryopteris
Echinacea
Echinops
Epimedium
Eryngium
Euonymus
Eupatorium
Euphorbia
Ferns
Festuca
Ficus
Gaillardia
Galium
Geranium
Geum
Gypsophila
Hakonechloa
Hedera
Helictotrichon
Heliopsis
Helleborus
Hemerocallis
Reblooming Daylilies
Heuchera
Heucherella
Hibiscus
Hosta
Hosta plant care
Hypericum
Iberis
Iris
Isotoma
Juncus
Juniperus
Kniphofia
Lamiastrum
Lamium
Lantana
Lavandula
Leptinella
Leucanthemum
Liatris
Ligularia
Liriope
Lithodora
Lobelia
Lupinus
Lychnis
Lysimachia
Malva
Matteuccia
Mazus
Mentha
Miscanthus
Monarda
Muehlenbeckia
Nepeta
Oenothera
Ophiopogon
Osmunda
Oxalis
Pachysandra
Paeonia
GROWING PEONIES
Panicum
Papaver
Parthenocissus
Pennisetum
Penstemon
Perovskia
Phlox
Hybrid Phlox
Hybrid Spring Phlox
Phlox divaricata
Phlox paniculata
Phlox subulata
Platycodon
Polemonium
Polygonatum
Polystichum
Potentilla
Pratia
Primula
Pulmonaria
Rubus
Rudbeckia
Sagina
Salvia
Scabiosa
Schizachyrium
Sedum
Sempervivum
Sisyrinchium
Sporobolus
Stachys
Stokesia
Tanacetum
Thelypteris
Thymus
Tiarella
Trachelospermum
Tradescantia
Tricyrtis
Verbena
Veronica
Vinca
Viola
Yucca
Ornamental Grass
Location Solution Plants
Award Winning Plants
Damp Soil Tolerant
Deer Resistant
Drought Tolerant
Easy to Grow
Low Maintenance Perennials
Evergreen Plants
Foot Traffic
Full Shade
Full Sun
Sun Perennials Chart
Groundcover Plants
Erosion Control
Lawn Alternatives
Shade Groundcover
Sun Groundcover
Hedera - Ivy
Rabbit Resistant
Salt Tolerant Plants
Succulent Plants
Perennial Gardens
Blooms Fall
Rabbit Resistant
Blooms Spring
Blooms Summer
Butterfly Gardens
Cut Flowers
Daylilies
Fall Flowers
Fragrant
Garden Tips
Green Roof Plants
Hummingbird Gardens
Reblooming Perennials
Showy Flowers
Topiaries
Winter Interest
Current Specials & New Plants
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement
Bloomin Designs Nursery ("Bloomin Designs") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of our customers and all visitors to our web site. We take this matter very seriously, and have instituted this Privacy Statement in order to explain its privacy practices on this web site.
Bloomin Designs is the sole owner of the information collected on bloomindesigns.com. Bloomin Designs collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on the bloomindesigns.com, as described below.
Email Newsletters
Users may choose to receive periodic email newsletters from bloomindesigns.com that contain special offers and information about the site. Users will only receive these email newsletters if they provide their email addresses explicitly for this purpose, or if they do not opt-out of email newsletter communication during the registration process.
Orders
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date).
We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. We will use your email address to send your order confirmations and other communication directly pertaining to an order you have placed. Unless you opt-out, we also may use this information to provide you with customer service and to send you information about products and services offered by us or others in which we believe you may be interested.
Surveys or Contests
We may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and may include demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest winners. We also may use this information to provide more targeted offers on bloomindesigns.com, in emails, and in bloomindesigns.com email newsletters.
We use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that company is not authorized to use our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Tell-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about a product on our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. bloomindesigns.com will not send additional communication to your friend unless they explicitly opt-in to receive further communications from us.
Customer Service
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your stated preferences.
Profile
We store information that we collect through cookies, log files, clear gifs, and/or third party sources to create an aggregated "profile" of your preferences. We tie your personally identifiable information, and your purchasing history, to information in the profile, in order to provide tailored promotions and marketing offers and to improve the content of the site for you. We do not share your profile with other third parties for any other purposes.
Payment Processing
Marketing Service ProvidersWe use other third parties to provide marketing services on our site. Our email newsletters are sent through a third-party service provider's email servers. When you sign up for email newsletters, we will send you emails via the third party's servers. We also use an outside service to help us understand how our users interact with bloomindesigns.com. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on bloomindesigns.com.
Choice/Opt-Out Procedures
When we ask you to provide personally identifiable information for a specific purpose, we give you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having information used for other purposes. For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you should opt-out of receiving our email newsletter.If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by contacting us via the information shown below.
Log files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain non-personally identifying information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
We use a third-party tracking service to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate, including information about their visitation habits and how they interact with the website. This information will help us improve the performance and relevance of the website for our customers.
Cookies
Like most web sites, we use cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's hard drive. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site during a particular visit. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after the particular visit ends so that, for example, you would not need to re-enter your user name and password when you next visit the site. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file.
Making Corrections
If your name, email or postal address, or telephone number changes, you may update the relevant information by making the change(s) on our member information page, or by emailing our Customer Support at info@bloomindesigns.com, or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail using the contact information listed below.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We make reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send an email to us at info@bloomindesigns.com.
×
OK