http://www.britishdataarchive.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
Home
About Us
Products
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
BritishDataArchive.com is owned and operated by S&N British Data Archive Ltd. We are committed to protecting your privacy and we will only use the information that we collect about you in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. What information do we collect from you and why?
When you contact us via our contact page, we collect the following personal information from you:
Your name
An email address
Through using the website and our services, we also collect the following technical information:
The IP address of your device (such as your computer, tablet or mobile phone)
Details of your web browser
Information from cookies stored in your browser. Cookies are saved on your computer to enable shopping and ordering procedures, but no personal information will be stored in or transmitted via cookies. We also use cookies to analyse the performance of our website, to help improve your experience.
We only collect information about you that is required to respond to your enquiry and for improving our website and services we provide.
We will never collect personal information about you without your consent. By contacting us, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy by ticking the acceptance box on the contact page. By agreeing to this, you are telling us that you consent to us collecting, processing, and sharing your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
You can check that the information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date by contacting us. If you find any inaccuracies you can let us know and we will delete or correct them promptly (within 7 working days). The personal information we hold is stored securely, in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
2. How do we use your personal information?
We only use your personal information for the following reasons:
To provide you with customer service following your enquiry.
If you opt-in to our newsletter, we will use your email address to send you regular updates, news and offers from S&N British Data Archive Ltd, Genealogy Supplies (Jersey) Ltd and their associated brands. You can opt-out of this at any time by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing email.
We will securely hold your personal information for your convenience in your account unless you ask us to remove these details. You can request that we remove your details from BritishDataArchive.com at any time by contacting us, we will then initiate this for you. Please be aware that we may need to retain certain information to resolve disputes and comply with our legal obligations and tax requirements.
We will not pass your personal information on to a third party or use it for marketing other than as stated in this privacy policy.
3. Are your details shared with others?
Your personal information is stored on our secure server, please be assured that this does not get passed on to any third parties.
4. How secure is your information?
We store all personal information on our secure servers, these have both technical and physical safeguards in place to protect against inappropriate access, loss or misuse of data. While we cannot guarantee that this will not happen, our security team regularly review our security practices, updating them as necessary to help ensure the integrity of your information.
If you have any queries regarding this policy, please contact us.
©2020 S&N British Data Archive Ltd - Privacy Policy
links to other sites:
uk1841census.com
uk1851census.com
uk1861census.com
uk1871census.com
uk1881census.com
uk1891census.com
uk1901census.com
uk1911census.com
londoncensus.co.uk