http://www.daylilydream.com/privacy/
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site.
Like most websites, we use ‘cookies’ to enhance your experience, gather general visitor information, and track visits to our website.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website and monitor how it is used (most popular pages etc.)
To respond to you if you have contacted us.
How do we protect your information?
We do not have access to any personal identifiable information unless you have sent it to us through the contact form. If you have contacted us through the website we will respond to you via email (if a response is warranted) but will not use that email for any other purpose or share it with any third parties.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us by clicking here
Search for:
Recent Posts
Welcome to Daylily Dreams
Planting Dates
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Sep