http://www.discountbeautycenter.com/pages/privacy-policy
Account
Log in
Create an account
SHOPPING CART
(856) 335-0415
Shop
Hair Styling Tools
Hair Care
Cosmetics
Fragrance
Skin Care
Bath & Body
Brands
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT
At Imagebeauty.com, we recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and members, and have established this Privacy Policy as a result. Below, we describe why we gather customer and member information; what information we collect; how we collect it, what we use the information for; and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of your information. This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use, which governs your use of Imagebeauty.com.
WHY WE GATHER INFORMATION
We gather personal information to allow us to process your orders; provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience; and to inform you of special offers and discounts on your favorite beauty supplies.
WHAT INFORMATION WE GATHER
When you order from our website, we may collect the following information: your name, telephone number, email address, billing information, products purchased and any relevant promotion code. Information you enter is collected, even if you cancel or do not complete an order. Customers also can voluntarily offer their email address, home address, birthday and gender as part of our mailing and promotion list. This information is maintained in our database and used for solely for these purposes. Customers can choose to opt-out of the mailing list at anytime.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information collected from you to process your order; provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience; and to inform you and your gift recipients of offers and discounts from Imagebeauty.com or other sites and companies that we own. In addition, we periodically make such information including aggregated information available to selected third parties including but not limited to: those who trade or rent information for direct marketing purposes. However, we do not make yours or your gift recipient's email addresses available to third parties (except for subsidiaries, subcontractors or agents acting on our behalf in compliance with this Privacy Policy) or any Successor (see below) to our business.  Any email sent to your gift recipients will include a link to our Privacy Policy and a link to opt-out of future emails. You may instruct us not to share personal information you provide with third parties by following the instructions provided below. A Successor to our business is not considered to be a third party for these purposes (see below).
In the event of a merger, consolidation, sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of Imagebeauty.com (a "Successor"), one of the assets that will be transferred is the information we collect from our customers and members. However, the use of this information by any Successor will still be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time including any amendment after such transaction. You will continue to have the right to opt-out of sharing your information with third parties.
We may disclose any information you provide to Imagebeauty.com (i) when we believe disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation or governmental request, or to comply with judicial process; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this website; (iii) to protect the rights or property of Imagebeauty.com, its users, sponsors, providers, licensors and merchants.
Our customers may modify their personal information by sending an email to contactus@imagebeauty.com or by logging into their Imagebeauty account.
EMAIL SUBMISSIONS
When you submit feedback or questions via email or contact us for information about our website, we will request your name and email address. We use this information solely to respond to your inquiries.
Our email newsletters are intended to keep users informed of new products, gifts and special features. Our policy is to send our email announcements or newsletters only to those who request this when registering (see how we use the information we collect above). If you receive an email and want to be removed from the email list, we provide instructions on how to opt-out so that you will not receive any future emails.
HOW WE USE "COOKIES"
A "cookie" is a small file stored on your computer by a website, which gives you a numeric user ID and stores certain information about your activity on the site. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer and to provide certain features to you. For example, we store information on your product selections as you shop on our site, but we do not store any personal information (except your name) or financial information about you.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. However, if you disable this feature certain aspects of Imagebeauty.com, such as the shopping basket, will not function properly.
Thank you for shopping with us.  We appreciate your business.
Alert subscription has been saved.
Failed to save subscription.
Subscribe to back in stock notification
Submit