http://www.perfume.ie/privacy-policy.html
cart-o
cart
close
facebook
hamburger
home
instagram
left-arrow
location-o
location
mail-o
mail
phone-o
phone
pinterest
right-arrow
search
twitter
user
youtube
Home
Go!
Store Locator
Collections
Inis the Energy of the Sea
- Fragrance
- Body Moisturisers
- Hand Care
- Bath & Shower
- Home Fragrance
- Gifts & Travel Essentials
Irish Rose
Innisfree
Connemara
Patrick
Garden of Ireland
Lavender Harvest
About Us
Online Partners
Meet the Team
Our Lavender
Conservation
Help Zone
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Online Partners
We believe in small business
Find your local Inis stockist
Last order dates
for delivery before Christmas
We believe in small business
Find your local Inis stockist
Last order dates
for delivery before Christmas
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Online Partners
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Fragrances of Ireland Limited is committed to safeguarding your privacy and ensuring that your personal data is protected. This privacy policy applies to our websites www.perfume.ie, www.fragrancesofireland.com, www.inisfragrance.com, www.seathebeauty.net (the "websites") and to personal data collected about you by Fragrances of Ireland Limited (registered number 92894) of Kilmacanogue, Bray, Co. Wicklow, A98W599 Ireland ("we", "us" or "our").
Your Consent To This Privacy Policy
By using the Site, you are agreeing to the terms of this privacy policy. If you do not agree with any term in this policy, please do not use the Site.
2. Information That We Collect About You
In this privacy policy your "personal data" means information or pieces of information relating to you or that could allow you to be directly or indirectly identified. We may collect personal data about you from different sources, including collecting personal data: (i) from you directly; (ii) when you visit the Site; and (iii) from other sources.
The types of personal data we may collect from you directly include your:
Name
Postal address
Email address
Home telephone number or mobile number
Passwords
Order history
Payment history
Age
The types of personal data we collect when you visit the websites (cookies)
We use cookies and similar technologies to collect data about you when you visit our websites. Cookies are files that store information on your computer hard drive or browser that mean that we can recognise that you have visited our websites before. We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our websites. Your browser will have the option to prevent websites using cookies (your browser’s help screen or manual will tell you how to do this) but please note that this may reduce the functionality of this and other websites.
The types of data we may collect from you when you visit the websites include:
Information about the type of browser you use
Details of the web pages you have viewed
Your IP address
The hyperlinks you have clicked
The websites you visited before arriving at our website
3. Why we process your data
We may collect personal data from you directly when you provide us with personal data so that you can register as a member of our shopping cart, register for prize draws or competitions, receive information or mailings, buy a product or service from us, complete a survey, make a comment or enquiry, contact our customer services or for a variety of other reasons. We may also process your data to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject or for other legitimate purposes consequent to any contract you may have with us.
Please be assured that we will not collect any personal data unless you provide this information voluntarily. You are not obliged to provide us with your personal information, however if you do not we might not be able to carry out the services you have requested of us.
4. How We Use Your Personal Data
Subject to your prior consent where required under applicable Data Protection Laws, we may use your personal data:
To process your application
To provide the services
To respond to your queries or comments
For the purposes of promotion, prize draws or competitions that you have entered
To send you products or samples that you have requested
To evaluate the use of our websites, products and services and understand your browsing and shopping habits
To make product recommendations to you
To carry out analytics and market research
To analyse the effectiveness of our advertisements
To profile your purchases of products
To prevent or detect fraud or other crimes and/or verify your identity
To verify/check your credit/payment status
To process payment instructions
5. Marketing Messages
We may send you, by post, email, SMS or push notification details of products, services, special offers, promotions and other information that we think may be of interest to you based on your previous purchases and information you have given to us. From time to time we may also contact you for customer research purposes. You may unsubscribe from such communications at any time, by unsubscribing in the 'My Account' section of our websites, via the unsubscribe link that you will find at the bottom of every marketing email we send or by contacting customer relations by email at support@fragrancesofireland.com  or by phone: +353 1 2867125. However if you do unsubscribe you may miss out on some great offers.
6. Sharing your Data
We may share your personal data with third parties which directly support our promotional activities and websites administration. We may use third parties to help us store, process and analyse your personal data, to give us insights that we can use to improve our products and services, and to track the effectiveness of a particular promotion or campaign. Also, if you order a product or service from us, we may share your personal data with our suppliers and other third parties to allow delivery of the products and services you have ordered. Any such suppliers or third parties are not authorised by us to use your personal data in any other way and will be required by us to implement measures to protect your personal data. Please note that we may need to disclose your personal data if we are required to do so by law, or by a warrant, subpoena or court order.
7. Data Retention
We will delete your personal data when there has been no activity on your account for 3 years, unless we are required by law to retain your data for a longer period.
8. Where We Transfer And Process Your Information
We may need to transfer your personal data to a location outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"), for example to effect delivery of our products outside the EU, including to countries that do not offer the same level of protection with respect to personal data as required in the EEA. By subscribing to and using our services, you acknowledge and consent to these potential transfers. We will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place accordingly.
9. Protecting Your Personal Data
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal data you provide to us against accidental, unlawful or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use and other unlawful forms of processing.
10. Changes In Our Privacy Policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time by posting the updated version of the privacy policy to our websites. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
11. Your Rights And Who To Contact
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about this privacy policy. You have the right to tell us if you:
don't want to be contacted in the future by us;
would like a copy of the personal data which we hold about you;
would like us to correct or update your personal data in our records; or
wish to report any violations of the privacy policy.
Where we process your data solely on the basis of your consent, you are entitled to withdraw your consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of our processing before the withdrawal.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Commissioner at any time.
You can exercise your rights by sending an email to our Data Protection Officer at support@fragrancesofireland.com  or by phone: + 353 1 2867125, or by writing to us at: Data Protection Officer, Fragrances of Ireland Limited, Kilmacanogue, Bray, Co. Wicklow, A98W599 Ireland
Scroll Down To Load More