https://www.frys.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Middle_Topics/A4WhentoExpectYourOrder
Product Shipping Statuses Explained
In Stock, Same Day Shipping
This product is in stock in our warehouse. You have a choice of Ground Service, 2nd Day Air, or Overnight Delivery for domestic orders.
Second day and overnight orders placed before 8 pm EST will ship the same business day.All other shipping methods placed before 6 pm EST will ship the same day. An additional delivery charge will be added at checkout for orders delivered to Alaska and Hawaii. During checkout you will see the delivery charge confirmed once your delivery address has been entered.
International delivery charges, including PR and USVI, are determined at checkout after the delivery charge is entered. Orders shipped to AZ, CA, CT, GA, IN, IL, PA, TN, TX, NV, and WA are subject to state and local sales tax, as applicable. Frys.com does not deliver on weekends and major holidays. Overnight Delivery is not available in all locations, including remote areas such as Hawaii and Alaska. To confirm your shipping destination is supported, please email one of our friendly Customer Service Associates at service@cs.frys.com for assistance.
Overseas orders are shipped for delivery in approximately 48-72 hours after the order is placed. To estimate delivery times for overseas orders, add approximately 24-48 hours to domestic (within the U.S.) delivery estimates. Please also allow time for local customs clearance. International delivery costs are kept to a minimum.
In stock items are subject to availability and are shipped on a first-come, first-served basis.
Unavailable
This product is currently unavailable for shipping. If you would like suggestions for similar products, please contact
our sales department at sales@cs.frys.com for assistance.
Frys.com ships on a first-come, first-served basis.
Pre-order
This product is available for pre-order. By pre-ordering you can receive new products shortly after the manufacturer releases them.
In most cases, pre-order items will ship one day before the estimated manufacturer release date.
For the estimated manufacturer release date, check the Product Description page (from a search listing, click on the name of the product).
Once the manufacturer releases the product and we have it in stock, we will begin shipping pre-orders using the method selected by the customer.
Frys.com does not ship on Saturday, Sunday, or major holidays.
A credit card authorization will be processed when your pre-order is placed.
However, your credit card will not be charged until the product is shipped.
Available for In-Store Pickup Only
If an item that you are interested in states that it is only available for in-store pick up, the option to ship the product to your address is unavailable. Our in-store pick up feature allows you to order online 24 hours a day and pick up the order at your nearest Fry's Electronics store. In-store pick up is fast, easy, and free (no shipping charge). To learn more about in-store pick up please visit our Frequently Asked Questions. If there isn't a store near you and you need further assistance, please email one of our friendly Sales Associates at sales@cs.frys.com.
Available for our shipping option only
If an item that you are interested in states that it is only available for our shipping option, the option to pick up your order at our local Fry's Electronics store is unavailable. However, Frys.com offers competitive shipping prices to have your orders conveniently delivered to your home.
Oversized Shipments
Televisions 50" or larger, and any item exceeding 150lbs will ship through our alternate courier (ABF). Tracking information and delivery instructions will be provided via e-mail. Residential delivery is available within the continental U.S by ground shipping only with an
average delivery time of 5-10 business days. Second day and Express service is unavailable. Standard ground shipping includes curbside service (delivery). Inside delivery, debri removal and delivery by appointment is available at additional cost.
Special Orders
Special order products are not stocked in Fry's Electronics stores, but products can be ordered through the Frys.com website or by visiting a local Fry's Electronics store. The special order program allows Fry's to provide you with a larger product selection for your convenience.
A credit card authorization will be processed when your special order is placed through the Frys.com website and will be shipped to the address you specify in your order. However, your credit card will not be charged until the product is shipped.
Special orders processed in a Fry's Electronics store are billed when the order is processed.
Orders placed in a Fry's Electronics store are shipped directly to the store.
When your order arrives at the store, we will call you to let you know your product is ready for pickup.
Note: Special order products can take up to 6 weeks to arrive and are non-refundable.
Backorders
This product is currently not in-stock in our fulfillment center.
We are accepting orders for this product, but we do not have an estimated arrival date.
Our buying team is working diligently to obtain this product from our supplier.
A credit card authorization will be processed when your order is placed.
However, your credit card will not be charged until the product is shipped.
jback114