http://www.precisionshears.com/store-policies.html
Skip to main content
X
Shipping Policy
We strive to ship all orders within 7-10 working days using Priority Mail. Any order consisting of only razor blades or hair clips will be shipped First Class Mail.
Special orders and shears that are not in stock sometimes may take longer. In the event that this happens we will notify you by e-mail with an estimated shipping date.
Destination Country
United States
Canada
Other
US Priority Mail
$7.50*
$19.95
$23.95
US Express Mail
$29.95
$34.95
$44.95
* Any order under $20.00 shipped to the US, Priority Mail rate = $6.70
Return Policy
Returns for refund or exchange must be made within 10 days of receiving your order. Items that are special order or customized with name engraving are not eligible for return. There is an extended return or exchange period of January 3rd for customers purchasing early Christmas gifts.Shipping charges will not be refunded. Items returned for an Exchange or Refund must be undamaged, in the original box or case with tags and all paper work. Any damaged goods will be refused for an exchange or Refund. For health reasons, there are absolutely No Exchanges or Returns on Personal Care items such as brushes and combs.
A 3% restocking fee will apply to all returned items requesting a cash Refund. Exchanges can by made within 10 days of receiving order, and  with out RA Number, and not subject to any restocking fee.
To return an item for refund or exchange, call Precision Shears at 1-800-375-3525 for a Return Authorization Number. Return shipments without a Return Authorization Number will not be accepted.
Privacy Policies
This web site is owned and operated by Precision Shears LLC. Your privacy on the Internet is very important to you and it is of the utmost importance to us. We want to make your experience online with Precision Shears satisfying and safe. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy policy discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
Secure Online Shopping
Shopping with us is safe. When you place orders on www.precisionshears.com, all of your credit card information is handled using encryption. We use Secure Sockets Layer software (SSL), which encrypts your order information and transmits it to us; we use 128-bit encryption, the highest in the industry. User information is collected for your shopping session only. Neither your credit card information nor any other personal information is stored on the server. In addition, credit card information is not sent via email, allowing for more secure transactions.Your personal information is never sold nor distributed to anyone.
Usage Tracking
Precision Shears tracks user traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Precision Shears does break down overall usage statistics according to a user's domain name, browser type, and the originating link. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our sites users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you.
We may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Precision Shears uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
Terms of Use
Your Consent
By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Precision Shears. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Disclaimer
Precision Shears is not responsible for any errors or omissions in the information provided on this site, any articles or postings for hyperlinks embedded in messages, nor for any loss or damage caused by your reliance on information obtained on this site or in a hyperlink site.
This site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Precision Shears has the authority to cancel any order due to a pricing error.Changes are periodically added to the information herein; these changes will be incorporated in updates of the site. Precision Shears may make improvements and/or changes in the product(s) and/or the program(s) described in this site at any time without notice. While every effort has been made to ensure accuracy, we cannot be responsible for errors, omissions, or misprints. Prices are subject to confirmation and change without notice.
Call 1-800-375-3525 with any questions or concerns or e-mail us.
FAQ's
Which shears are best for me?
The best shears for you are the ones that meet your needs. Give thought to your needs.
Do you want to point cut?
Do you need a scissor with the extra power to cut larger sections?
Do you like to slide cut is this important?
What size do you have now what size would best for your new shear?
What are your expectations for performance? This can affect the price.
Shears that are comfortable for you to hold and work with. Think about the small things that you are used to, and how important are they to have in your new scissor.
Which steel sheer quality is better, those made in Japan, Korea, or Germany?
Japan has the highest standards for workmanship and quality with steels in hair cutting shears.
Many shears made in Korea which can save some costs on labor, and still maintain good quality.
Use steels from Japan. Look for Japanese Steel.
What metals are used in my scissor?
YIron, Carbon, Nickel, and various other alloys like cobalt, and manganese. When using stainless Steel Chromium is added to make steel Stainless, and prevent rust. Handles are welding to the blades and not constructed using the same quality steels. This is not necessary and would add to the cost.
What are the different categories of stainless steel used to produce hair cutting scissors?
Steels are important to a point in a scissor, and when combined with high-quality machining and design you have a beautiful cutting shear ready to provide excellent performance for many years or career depending on the quality of service the shear receives.
You should never purchase a scissor with a stainless steel rating of less than 440C. This is an industry-standard for stainless steel in hair cutting shears. There are a few entry-level shears made using 410, and 420.
Cobalt Alloy Steel is abrasion resistant and will give increased blade retention, and a longer last edge. These shears can also be machined to a finer edge and have the steel hold the edge the result of adding Cobalt Alloy.
They often cost more due to the increased labor costs of finishing and polishing and extra abrasives used in the finishing process.
Cobalt does have some categories and some companies use there own. They include Cobalt Alloy, ATS-314, V-1, V-10 and now they are using a powered Sintered Cobalt Alloy that is expensive but has excellent performance, and with the use of the sintered powered steel process has great quality control when producing it.
Is there a scissor that never needs to be sharpened?
This is fiction, and simply not true. There are high-quality steels that can hold an edge longer than others with the use of Cobalt Alloys but the longest we can see a shear used everyday cutting hair to last is about 18-24 months and most need to be serviced in about 12 months.
This depends some on the use of the shear how many cuts per day.
The wear resistance when cutting strands of hair is the same as cutting equal diameter strands of copper..! Hair is Keratinized Protein, soft and pliable with strong resistance to cutting.
Read more
Price Match
Specials
Lay Away
continuedTips
FAQ
Contact Us
Sitemap
Our ProductsJapanese Hair Shears
YS Park Brushes
YS Park Combs
Hair Cutting Shears
Contact Info
PRECISION SHEARS, LLC is a professional shear import and distribution company. We also consult manufacturers on new designs. Our company has over 25 years experience with all types of hair cutting tools. Read More
Precision Shears
PO Box 6735
Kennewick, WA,
99336
United States
800 375 3525
Follow Us:
©Copyright
Precision Shears. All Rights Reserved.