http://www.avlusa.com/apps/help-center
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Pause slideshow
Play slideshow
Close video
Introducing the K-Series
The next step in handloom innovation!
Play video
Close video
AVL Weaving School
Collection now on Handweaving.net!
Play video
Custom Weaving Solutions
Boutique Looms and Equipment
Featured Collections
Looms
Reconditioned Looms
Warping Equipment
Compu-Dobby ®
Loom Additions & Accessories
Software
A Tradition of Innovation
Jim Ahrens laid the foundation for a tradition of innovative hand loom designs chosen to reduce time and effort and maximize professional results.
Our Story
Testimonials
I absolutely love the air assist flyshuttle.
As a production weaver, the wear and tear on my body from weaving every day was getting fairly extreme. I had developed carpal tunnel, was in near constant pain. My doctor and I had been discussing surgery. Since adding this feature to my loom all signs of it have gone away. I can now happily weave for hours on end completly pain free. The installation was a little scary at first, but on end it was actually pretty easy and straight forward. I highly recomend this feature to anyone considering it.
Rebecca Robbins on Air Assist Flyshuttle
A WONDERFUL EXPLANATION OF THE BOOK
I already had the book, but was having trouble getting the concepts in my head. This class made it all "click". It was also helpful to see what the other students were doing. It was great to see so many color combinations without having to put them all into WeavePoint myself.
Tina Hilton on WeavePoint for Echo and Iris Workshop
A MUST FOR AVL OWNERS
I had owned an AVL Studio Loom (compu-dobby v2) for at least 15 years when I took this course. I learned really important details about how the loom works, and about routine maintenance, that simply are not in the manual. I can now recognize potential problems and make the small adjustments needed to fix them! It was also a nice opportunity to try out a variety of AVLs and a good quick introduction to WeavePoint (which I switched to after this course).
Carolyn Jones on Maximizing Your AVL
Brief Office Closure for Friday-Monday August 7-10, 2020
July 16, 2020
In order to take some much needed rest, AVL's offices will be closed for a long weekend. We will not take calls or answer emails starting Friday, A...
Read more
75 comments
AVL’s Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic
March 20, 2020
As you may be aware, COVID-19 has become a global pandemic disease that is now found across the world. As the number of cases identified in the Uni...
Read more
74 comments
Interview with Barb Lynn of Wildrose Textiles
March 21, 2019
Barb Lynn is the owner and operator of Wildrose Textiles, a production handweaving studio nestled in the mountains of Northwest Colorado. Although...
Read more
72 comments
View all
Sustainability & Manufacturing
Learn about AVL's manufacuring process and efforts to reduce our carbon footprint at the Chico, CA factory. .
Learn More
Join our newsletter
Sign up to get the latest updates on equipment, promotions, and blog articles from AVL Looms.
International Partners