http://www.vistek.ca/rentals/policies
Helpful Customer Information for Holiday Shopping at Vistek
Also Click here for our Covid Update, Store Hours, Live Chat, Phone and Curbside Hours!
Your Cart
View
Vistek Departments
Rentals
Commercial
Service & Repairs
Photo Lab
Customer service
Help Centre
Customer Care
Shipping Info
Service Plans
Leasing
Return Policy
In Store Pick up
Community
Imaging Blog
Vistek Events
Free Directory
ProFusion Expo
Youtube Channel
Student Deals
Newsletter
Contact Us
Wishlist
Log in
My Cart
Home
Rentals
Rental Policies at Vistek
Rental Policies at Vistek
Our deep and undying commitment to Rentals ensures you get the best selection, best equipment, and best service available.
Toggle navigation
Rentals
About Rentals
Policies
arrow_drop_down Promotions
Try & Buy
Student Pricing
Corporate Accounts
Contact
Rental Policies
Please Note:
Product availability is not guaranteed. To help ensure availability, please book your order as far in advance as possible.
Deposits
A security deposit is required from all customers who do not have an open Vistek account. The amount of deposit depends upon the equipment being rented.
Liability
Any damage or loss is the responsibility of the renter, excluding mechanical failure from normal wear and tear. Vistek is not responsible for any damage or loss resulting from equipment use, misuse or failure. The renter is responsible to obtain their own insurance, proof of which may be required at time of pick-up.
Shipping
We will arrange shipping anywhere in Canada at the customer's request and expense.
Rental No Show Policy
In the case of equipment that is reserved but not picked up: a charge of 50% of the one-day rental rate will apply, with a $10.00 minimum.
Rental Assistance Information
If any piece of rental equipment is malfunctioning, please inform Vistek's Rental Centre at one of the numbers below at once. Any equipment failure, problem, damage or shortage which is not reported before the rented equipment is returned may be billed at the normal rate plus any damage or replacement charges, when and if applicable. It is our responsibility to ensure the equipment you rent is complete and in good working order when it leaves our premises. It is your responsibility to ensure it is used and handled correctly. Vistek is not responsible for improper use, or insufficient knowledge, of its rental equipment. Instruction books are available for rental equipment upon request. Please keep in mind that most problems can be solved over the phone. In all our years renting photo, video and digital imaging equipment, we have found return and replacement or sending service personnel to your site to be necessary only as a last resort. If we must make a service call and the problem is found to be caused by operator error, a service charge will be levied in addition to the regular rental fee.
Privacy Statement & Use of Information
Renting customers will be asked to provide photo identification. A Vistek employee will scan the documents you provide to us and take a current photo of you. We assure you that all of the information that we capture is held in a secure server and not released to the public. Vistek Ltd. is the sole owner of the information we collect. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others. Call 1-888-365-1777, dial 2 and follow the voice prompts.
Rental Periods and Rates
Daily and Weekly
The Daily rate is based on a 24 hour period. Additional days are discount by 25%.
Weekly rates for Digital and Video equipment is three times the day rate and Traditional equipment is four times day rate.
For periods longer than three weeks, contact a Rental Representative for quotation.
Weekend
Rentals picked up after 3:30 p.m. Friday and returned by 10:30 a.m. Monday are charged the one day rate. Rentals beginning earlier on Friday or returning later on Monday will be charged at a two day rate.
Special Rates
Pick-up after 4:30 p.m. and return promptly by 9:30 a.m. the next day
Receive a 25% discount.
Pick-up after 4:30 p.m. and return by
9:30 a.m. two days later
Pay only the one day rate.
Rentals of four hours or less
Receive a 25% discount off the one day rate
Note: Minimum charge on any rental contract is $10.00
Sales, Events and Rentals every Week!
Events by world-renowned photographers and filmmakers. New product launches and time limited promotions. The chance to win great prizes and save on your favourite brands!
Read more.
mail Your Email..
Subscribe