http://www.dianeromanello.com/home/help/
HOME
STORE
ABOUT
HELP
CART
HOME > HELP & FAQ
Explore the Collection
ENTIRE COLLECTION
TITLES A-Z
FEATURED COLLECTIONS
POPULAR COLLECTIONS
The Fall Collection
The Spring Collection
European Collection
New York and Long Island
Windows and Doors
New Works
POPULAR SUBJECTS
Beaches
Tropical
Boats / Sailing
Floral
Bridges
Sunrise / Sunset
Lake / Ponds
HOLIDAY SHIPPING SCHEDULE
HELP & FAQ's
Holiday Shipping Schedule
About Diane
About
Artist Statement
Customer Service Contact Info
Contact Info
Ordering Questions
How to Order
Payment Types
Sales Tax
Shipping Confirmation
Shipping Info
How We Ship
Shipping Rates
International Duties
Shipping Delays & Problems
Return Policy & Questions
Return Policy
Return Authorization
Privacy Policy
Copyright Info
HOLIDAY SHIPPING SCHEDULE
In order to ensure that all of our hand-crafted products are delivered to you in time for the holidays (specifically pre-December 25th) we have developed this easy little guide to help you out. As long as you place your order on or before the cutoff date for the product type you are purchasing then the art you order will be delivered before Christmas. If you have any questions at all please contact us. Happy Holidays!
All Orders Shipping Outside of USA
November 30
Custom Framed Canvas
December 7
Custom Framed Digital Print / Giclée on Paper
December 7
Unframed Canvas
December 10
Unframed Digital Print / Giclée on Paper
December 14
ORDERING QUESTIONS
How To Order:
The easiest and most efficient way to place an order is to do so online. It is easy, safe and secure! Simply add the item you would like to purchase to your shopping cart and check out using our secure checkout system.
Payment Types:
We accept: Visa, Mastercard, Discover, and American Express
Sales Tax:
We add sales tax to all orders shipping to Florida.
Shipping Confirmation:
Upon shipment of your order, we will send you an e-mail confirmation of your orders shipment including tracking information (where applicable).
SHIPPING
How We Ship:
All items (framed and unframed) are shipped from our production facilty in Austin, TX, directly to your specified shipping address (residence or business). Unframed items are shipped rolled in tubes. Framed items and unframed canvases are shipped in specially designed boxes maximizing the protection and safety of the item while in transit.
All Domestic USA orders will ship via either USPS Priority Mail or UPS Ground, and Non-Domestic USA and International orders will ship via USPS or other international carriers.
What are the shipping charges?
Shipping charges for orders vary depending on the contents of the order as well as the destination. Your exact shipping charge is quoted immediately upon adding an item to your cart and selecting the destination in the "shipping to" drop box.
International Duties:
In some cases you may be required to pay local or national import duties or taxes to your local customs office. We have no means to determine in advance if you will be taxed or what these taxes may amount to. We recommend you research and contact your local customs bureau to determine if you will be required to pay any additional duties.
Delivery Delays:
There are several common reasons a delivery is delayed, and in many cases results in the original shipment being returned to our production facility center. In all these cases you will be contacted immediately and the situation will be resolved. Incorrect or invalid shipping address, recipient unavailable to receive delivery, or a shipment that is damaged in transit are all issues that will cause delays.
Lost Shipments:
If you feel that your shipment has been lost, please contact us immediately and we will determine if it is actually lost or just delayed. If it is lost, a replacement order will be processed and shipped immediately. We cannot track or trace international shipments, therefore we cannot deem them lost until 60 days after the shipping date. When 60 days has passed, an insurance claim will be filed and a replacement shipment will go out immediately, at no additional charge.
RETURNS
Return Policy:
We stand by the quality of our products and guarantee your satisfaction. If for any reason you are not satisfied with an item you have purchased, you may exchange it or return the item within 30 days from the date the order was received. You will receive a full refund of the cost of the purchased item(s). Shipping charges are not refundable. You are responsible for all return shipping charges.
Return Authorization:
You must obtain return authorization prior to shipping an item back to us for a refund or exchange. This will allow our customer service team to provide you with proper return instructions as well as updating your order record. If possible, simply send your return request as a reply to your shipping confirmation email. If not possible, try one of the methods on the Contact Us page.
PRIVACY POLICY
We take the privacy and security of your personal and payment information very seriously. For no reason will we ever share your information with a third party. Your email and contact information will only be used for order status and update purposes.
COPYRIGHT INFORMATION
ALL IMAGES ON THIS SITE ARE EXPLICITY PROHIBITED FROM BEING REMOVED OR COPIED AND ARE PROTECTED UNDER FEDERAL COPYRIGHT LAW AND INTERNATIONAL TREATIES.
FIND ART
Best Sellers
Boats | Sailing
Sunset | Sunrise
Ponds
Beaches
Tropical
HELP & FAQ
Order Information
Shipping Information
Limited Edition Canvas Giclées
About Me
Contact
You allowed some happiness back in my house, and gave my heart something to smile about.- Aur
Copyright © 2020 Diane Romanello. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy