https://www.jjdog.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Information Collection
Personal Information
J&J Dog Supplies collects personal information you give us when you visit our site; contact J&J Dog Supplies by mail, phone or e-mail; fill out requests for information through our advertisements and promotions; and/or request our e-mail newsletters. We collect only personally identifiable information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, e-mail address and for orders, shipping and billing information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date), and any information you may volunteer, such as survey information.
Non-Personal Information
We may also collect and record non-personal information regarding the types of products ordered on the site, information on how many visits each page receives and user-specific information on what pages on the site were visited. We may track the page you visited before coming to our site and the page you link to when you leave. And we obtain certain types of technical information when your Web browser accesses jjdog.com such as your Internet protocol (IP) address (a unique number that identifies your Internet access), the domain name and host from which you access the Internet and computer and connection information such as browser type and version and operating system. We may utilize and possibly download software tools that measure and collect session information including download errors, visit length to certain pages, page response times and technical interaction information regarding scrolling, clicks and other methods used to browse the site's pages.
Cookies
Like many Web sites, we receive and store certain types of information automatically through the use of "cookies." Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive that enable us to track your experience on our site and therefore customize our site for our customers in order to provide a more enjoyable shopping experience. You may set your browser to reject cookies, but this may limit your ability to take full advantage of some of the features offered on our site.
2. Information Collection by 3rd Parties
J&J Dog Supplies may employ third parties to perform certain business functions on our behalf. These functions may include but not be limited to (a) collect information that you provide to us such as: name, address, phone number, e-mail address and for orders, shipping and billing information (e.g., credit card number and expiration date), and any information you may volunteer, such as survey information.; (b) fulfilling orders, including processing credit card payments and delivering packages; (c) analyzing data and providing marketing assistance; and (d) generating and revising customer lists. None of these third parties may use any personal information collected for any purpose other than to carry out their business function on our behalf.
Some of our business or advertising partners may place cookies on the site in order to track orders or revenue generated or to measure online advertising effectiveness.
J&J Dog Supplies has purchasing programs in effect with certain businesses or agencies under which the employees of these businesses or agencies can purchase our products by accessing special sign-on and purchasing features dedicated to such business or agency on the site. Certain personal information provided by the employees who take advantage of these special purchasing features may be collected or accessed by these businesses or agencies.
3. Information Usage
The information we collect is used to better serve our customers by making their online visits more enjoyable. We do so by responding to your requests, modifying areas that need to be improved upon, customizing your shopping experience and communicating with you for marketing purposes, for example providing you with special offers and notifying you of new product launches. We also use the information provided for shipping and billing purposes, we use non-personal information, technical data and information collected by third parties for internal business and marketing purposes, and to monitor site security.
4. Information Sharing
J&J Dog Supplies does share customer information under the limited conditions described below:
Agents: J&J Dog Supplies shares certain customer information with its third party business agents as described in Section 2. The provision of personally-identifiable information to such third parties is for our own business purposes, such as to process your order or to provide services for us.
Other: J&J Dog Supplies does not share mailing list information with 3rd parties.
User Generated Content: Customer product reviews, questions & answers, images, and videos submitted to jjdog.com may be published on our parent company, Ray Allen Manufacturing, website as well at rayallen.com. In addition this information maybe used or shared through our social media platforms and other marketing purposes. Find more information in our Terms of Use.
J&J Dog Supplies occasionally sends e-mail offers to certain customers. If you would prefer to not be included in our e-mail campaigns, see your options in section 5 of this privacy policy below.
Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we may disclose personal and other collected information when required by law or when we deem it necessary to protect the rights or safety of site users, our employees or property. This includes exchanging information with third parties and organizations in connection with credit risk reduction and fraud protection. We may also transfer or disclose personal information in the context of the sale of some or all of our assets or our purchase of another party's assets.
5. Customer Options
As discussed above, you can always choose not to be included in mailing lists or in e-mail marketing campaigns. In addition to these requests, if you do not wish to be included in online marketing efforts, wish to have your name removed from a mailing list or wish to correct or update personal information we have for you, e-mail us at sales@jjdog.com with your full name in the subject line. If you prefer, you can send us a letter at the following address: J&J Dog Supplies, 975 Ford Street, Colorado Springs, Colorado – 80915 or call us at 800.642.2050. We will process your request promptly, but please note that you may receive additional contacts before your request takes effect. We regret any inconvenience this may cause.
6. Security Procedures in Place to Protect Information
You are an important customer at J&J Dog Supplies and your online ordering is highly valued.
Our web servers are authenticated by C-O-M-O-D-O so you can trust that you are doing business with J&J Dog Supplies. We protect the security of credit card and other sensitive information you provide online by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security software that encrypts such information. The security features are automatic. For example, once you've clicked the SUBMIT button on the Checkout page, your browser looks for a digital certificate to confirm that it is communicating with jjdog.com. Once a positive ID is made, your order continues. We use C-O-M-O-D-O software to enable the use of digital certificates. You can click on the C-O-M-O-D-O logo (in the jjdog.com footer) to verify that jjdog.com is a C-O-M-O-D-O site. For your security, the verification process happens in the background every time you place an order on our site.
Additionally, J&J Dog Supplies employs industry standard firewall and anti-virus protection along with maintaining vendor security patches. We also utilize a 3rd party security scanning service to scan our web servers and web sites to assure we are up to industry standards in regard to patching and security configurations.
Although J&J Dog Supplies has implemented measures designed to secure personal information collected on our website from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.
If you have any questions or concerns about security on jjdog.com, please feel free to send an e-mail to: sales@jjdog.com
7. Information Correction and Access by Customers
If you wish to change or modify information previously provided, or something isn't right, simply e-mail us at: sales@jjdog.com and we'll do our best to make it right. For example, you can access information regarding your recent orders by clicking "Order Status" on our homepage. Click on "My Account" on our homepage to view or update your personal information.
8. Children's Privacy
J&J Dog Supplies does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and J&J Dog Supplies does not target its website or its products to children. We do not sell products for purchase by children; this site is entirely aimed at adults.
9. General
Links
We may provide links to third party web sites on jjdog.com. We are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those pages. Likewise, J&J Dog Supplies cannot be responsible for policies relating to privacy on any of such linked web sites. We strongly advise you to review the policies at any web site you visit.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and any other places we deem appropriate. We may notify our customers as appropriate via e-mail and/or by posting a notice on this site for 30 days if at some future time there is a material change to our information usage practices that affect your personally identifiable information, but you should check this privacy policy frequently for changes.
General Data Protection Regulation (EU)
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 is a regulation in EU law on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union. It addresses the export of personal data outside the EU. Please click here to view our policy.
California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA)California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please contact us at sales@jjdog.com.
10. Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, you may contact us:
By Telephone: 800.642.2050
By Mail:
J&J Dog Supplies
975 Ford Street
Colorado Springs, CO 80915
By E-mail: sales@jjdog.com
Last updated 10/02/2020
×
OK