https://www.solartex.com/privacy/
Loading... Please wait...
877-476-5789
Home
Blog
My Account
Sign in or Create an account
Shopping Bag
Free Shipping on U.S. orders over $65
20% Off--Holiday Sale-CODE: CYBER2020
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Categories
Clearance
Womens
Mens
Kids
Baby
Plus Size
Flotation Items
Swim Diapers
Sun Hats
Accessories
Skin Care
Brands
Under $20
HomePrivacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Solartex collects customer information through its web site which is only used to process orders, enhance our customer's shopping experience, and to communicate with our customers about products, services and promotions. We never share the information you provide us online with any outside company or third party. Our mailing list is private, and your name, email and address will be kept confidential.
Personal Information
On store checkout forms we ask users to provide their e-mail address and phone number and mailing address for order processing purposes. Often we need a phone number or e-mail address to contact you about your order or shipping options. This site maintains a strict "no-spam" policy. Your e-mail address, phone number and street address will not be sold or provided to a third party and is only used for the stated purpose of the form.
From time to time, we may mail and/or email you educational information about sun protection and/or updates on new Solartex sun protection clothing styles and promotions. If you prefer that we do not use your information in this way, please contact us at 877-476-5789 or info@solartex.com.
Customer Records
When customers make a purchase from our on-line store, they will be asked if they would like us to save their mailing and billing information so they will not have to reenter it again the next time they order. If this option is chosen, the information is saved in our customer database and/or in a cookie, and is viewable in the future by the customer during their next order and checkout process. Customer records are never sold or provided to a third party.
Log Files
When a visitor views any of our pages, like all web servers, our system logs the visitor's domain name and/or IP address. We collect the domain names and/or IP addresses in order to compile information on what pages visitors successfully access, and what pages they may have experienced any technical difficulties with. We also use Google Analytics to collect information regarding search words, search engines, traffic sources, conversions and technology used. This allows us to make improvements and upgrades to the site as needed.
This information is collected solely for statistical purposes and is completely anonymous. The information is never used to identify any individuals.
Browser Cookies
Our on-line store uses "cookies" to store specific information about a customer’s account (if cookies are enabled in the customer's browser). This cookie is a small file containing encrypted data pertinent to the customer's account, such as their name and account number. The cookie is stored on the customer's computer and cannot be viewed by other customers or web sites. The information contained in it is only used for storing account information for future visits.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve the badge on your website and to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website.
Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the
Google advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively you can point users to opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the
Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.)
Security
Our web site is secure. In order to protect credit card and other personal information from being intercepted we use the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) protocol to ensure that ordering information is sent directly to Solartex and that only our company can decode it. This protects your privacy and means no other party may view personal information while in transit to us over the Internet. Credit card transactions are completely safe using this technology.
Solartex reserves the right to change its on-line policy at any time. Future changes will be noted on this page. If you have any other questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us at 877-476-5789 or info@solartex.com at any time.
Secure Shopping
Solartex Sun Gear, Inc.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Currency Converter
FAQ
Media Coverage
Privacy
Shipping FAQ
Return Policy & Guarantee
Size Charts
Testimonials
UV Information
Contact
Solartex Sun Gear, Inc.
10608 Purcell Rd
Glen Allen, VA 23060
(877) 476-5789 - Phone
(804) 364-4613 - Fax
info@solartex.com
Sign up to our newsletter
Connect with us: Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 Solartex Sun Gear - Sun protective Clothing, UV Swimwear, SPF clothing and more
Bigcommerce design and development by IntuitSolutions