https://www.humangivens.com/foundation/how-you-can-help/support-us-with-easyfundraising/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Foundation / How you can help / Support us with EasyFundraising
Support us with EasyFundraising
You can help raise money for the Human Givens Foundation whilst doing your online shopping at no cost to yourself. It only takes 3 easy steps to set up.
To get started visited our page on the easyfundraising website here: Support the Human Givens Foundation
Then click the ‘Support this cause’ button and register for a free account with easyfundraising
Start shopping! Once you have registered, use the easyfundraising website to find retailers and then shop online as normal.
View the video below to see how it works or visit www.easyfundraising.org.uk
Get started with Easyfundraising
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.