http://www.rocna.com/privacy
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Instagram
0 Items
Privacy
CMP Group Ltd.
CMP Group Ltd. is a leading manufacturer and distributor of anodes, chain, rope, anchors, roofing products, anti-fouling systems, dock products and mechanical boat steering systems, which recognizes the importance of protecting your privacy rights. We are committed by federal law to maintain, the accuracy, security and privacy of your personal information. The information obtained by us by reason of your commercial relationship with us as, a customer, consumer, or supplier, will be in accordance with applicable legislation.
The aim of this policy is to:
Ensure that you understand what personal data we collect about you, the reasons why we collect and use it, and who we share it with;
Explain the way we use the personal data that you share with us;
Explain your rights and choices in relation to the personal date we collect and how we will protect your privacy.
We have detailed below how to access your personal information and how we endeavor to ensure your personal information is protected and handled with the outmost security.
This Policy is intended to apply to CMP Group Ltd. and its affiliated brands Martyr, Dock Edge, Legend, CMP Plumbing, Titan, Octopus, Seaguard, Intellisteer, Rocna and Vulcan.
Personal Information is a broad term that has been defined by Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act to include any factual or subjective information, recorded or not, about an identifiable individual that can only be used for the purpose for which it was collected. It does not include business contact information such as your name, title, business address or telephone number as an employee of an organization. We are responsible for all Personal Information under our control. We have informed our employees about the importance of protecting personal information and have communicated to them our policies and procedures for dealing with Personal Information and electronic documents.  As available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights afforded to you are:
Right of Access – the right to be informed of and request access to the personal date we process about you;
Right to Rectification – the right to request that we amend or update your personal data where it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Right to ensure – the right to request that we delete your personal data;
Right to Restrict – the right to request that we temporarily or permanently stop processing all or some of your personal data
Right to Object – the right to object to us processing your personal data
In general, we collect Personal Information to establish or maintain our commercial relationship with you. The information that we ask for depends upon the nature of your relationship with us be it as a customer, consumer, or supplier. We may collect Personal Information such as your name, home address and telephone number, social security number, federal identification number and personal email address. It may be for account registration, payment data, contests, surveys and sweepstakes, marketing data.
Purposes for which we collect Personal Information may include:
to market our products, or those of third parties, with whom we have a  commercial relationship or contractual obligation;
to evaluate whether or not we should enter into commercial relationships with suppliers and other third parties including analysis of credit standing and credit bureau information;
to register an account;
to process payment data;
to administer contests, surveys and sweepstakes;
to administer commercial relationships with customers, suppliers, and other third parties including contract administration, invoicing, processing of payments and compliance with contractual obligations;
to comply with legal, regulatory or governmental requirements;
to respond to your communications with us; and
to protect against fraud or error.
We will collect Personal Information by fair and lawful means and will identify the purposes for which we obtain Personal Information from you at or before the time the information is collected. We will use or disclose the information only for the purposes for which it was collected or new purposes identified to you and to which you have consented prior to such use or as required or otherwise permitted by applicable law. We will limit the information that we collect from you to achieve those purposes. We will retain, use or disclose your Personal Information only for so long as it is required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected and as required or otherwise permitted by law and, thereafter, it shall be destroyed, erased or made anonymous.
We will obtain your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your Personal Information. Consent may be obtained either orally or in writing or by way of electronic agreement or correspondence. We will obtain your express consent when dealing with sensitive information or we may use implied consent when the information is less sensitive.
When consent is required and subject to legal and contractual restrictions, you may refuse your consent. The refusal or withdrawal of your consent may prevent us from providing to you services or information that may be of value or benefit to you or establishing or maintaining a commercial relationship with you.
We will use reasonable efforts to keep your Personal Information as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible based on your advising us as soon as possible of any change in the information you have provided to us. We will not routinely update your Personal Information unless necessary for the purposes for which it is collected, however, we encourage you to review and confirm the accuracy of information you have provided to us. We will immediately correct any errors of which we become aware as required.
We maintain Personal Information in paper and electronic formats. We will endeavor to protect it against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification by using safeguards and measures appropriate to the information’s sensitivity, such as:
limiting access to your Personal Information to selected individuals who need to have the information for the purposes for which it is collected;
using appropriated electronic technological security measures such as password protection and electronic firewalls;
using locked filing cabinets maintained in restricted areas;
ensuring third parties who need access to your Personal Information have appropriate safeguards in place; and
distributing this Policy to our employees with instructions to comply with its principles.
This policy and any related information is readily available in electronic form at our website www.cmpgroup.net/privacy, or in paper form upon request submitted to our Privacy Director at the address set out below. Upon our receipt of your written request and within a reasonable time, subject to certain exceptions, we will advise you of the existence, use and disclosure of your Personal Information and give you access to that information. We will respond as soon as reasonably possible to any questions, concerns, inquiries or complaints you may have about the privacy of your Personal Information or our policies and procedures. Please contact our Privacy Director as follows:
In writing:
Michael SzwezPrivacy Director300 New Huntington Rd.Woodbridge, Ontario L4H 0R4
By telephone:905-850-3999 ext. 122
By email:mas@dockedge.com
This Policy is effective January 1, 2018.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Reject ACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
[ Placeholder content for popup link ]
WordPress Download Manager - Best Download Management Plugin
Close