https://www.firejewelry.com/privacy-policy
Menu xFire Jewelry Firefighter RingsFirefighter Necklace & PendantsCharms & BraceletsEarringsTie TacksWatchesSaint Florian JewelryMaltese CrossesFire Chief RingsEMSDepartments FDNY JewelryVolunteer Fire Dept. JewelryEMS & EMT JewelryPhiladelphia FD JewelryChicago FD JewelryDallas FD JewelryFDNY JewelryFire Chief RingsMaltese Crosses
0
recently added items xYou have no items in your shopping cart Continue Shopping
Products search
Search
0
recently added items xYou have no items in your shopping cart Continue Shopping Home /Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyWho we areOur website address is https://www.firejewelry.com .Gennaro Jewelers respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy. Our aim is to provide you a safe and secure surfing experience whenever you visit our website. This Privacy Policy is created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy.This privacy notice describes our online information practices to inform you about what information we collect, why we collect such information and how we use the information that we collect from our customers. By visiting https://www.firejewelry.com , you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.Gennaro Jewelers may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our website. We encourage you to periodically review this page, to be informed of how we are committed to protecting your privacy. You can find the last updated date on the top of this page. If you have any queries or concerns about policy or policy update, you should first contact the Gennaro Jewelers Customer Service Department at gary@gennarojewelers.com or call us on (516) 785-0134.What personal data we collect and why we collect itCommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.CookiesIf you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to save your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.How We Collect DataIn general, you can browse our website without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We collect your personal identifiable information at the time of your Account Registration, Contact Us, Email Reference, Refer a Friend, Request Information and any place any Cookies or Web Beacons or record any Web Log information at the time of your site visit. Personal identifiable information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including but not limited to first and last name, physical address, email address, phone number, IP address, credit card number or other contact information that may be used to identify an individual.In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:When you create an account with us, we ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address, account password, mailing info and phone numbers). You can choose not to give certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our enhanced features. When you submit your personal information to us, you are giving us your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.Cookieshttp://www.gennarojewelers.com uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. Cookies are small pieces of information saved by your browser onto your computer. Cookies are used to remember various aspects of your visit. This information is used by http://www.gennarojewelers.com to guarantee a consistent and uninterrupted experience. Cookies will allow you to revisit without losing many of your settings. We do not use cookies to save personal information for outside uses. We use both session Id cookies and persistent cookies. For the session Id cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file that remains stored on the user’s hard drive. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your specific Internet browser instructions. The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of http://www.gennarojewelers.com enhanced features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.Web LogLike most standard Website servers, our servers also record information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser language, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date and time of your request, number of clicks to analyze trends and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Web log information is not personally identifiable information.User CommunicationsWhen you send email or other communication to Gennaro Jewelers, we may retain those emails and other communications in order to process your inquiries, to respond to your requests and to improve our services.Referral ServiceIf you choose to use our referral services to tell a friend about our products, wish list content and catalogs, we ask the name and email address of your friend. Gennaro Jewelers will automatically send an email to your friend providing a link to the specific contents and inviting them to visit our website. Gennaro Jewelers stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. The friend may contact http://www.gennarojewelers.com via email to request the removal of this information from our database.LinksThis Privacy Policy applies to https://www.firejewelry.com  only. Our website contains links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware by reading the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.How We Use the Personal Information We Collect?The information, we collect from you, is used to process your inquiries, to respond to your requests, fulfill any orders, and to improve our stores & services. The information is solely used for the above mentioned purposes only.In order to provide our full range of services, we may use your information in the following ways:Internal Use of InformationGennaro Jewelers reserves the right to use your personally identifiable information internally to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, website content and product offerings. We can also use information gathered through cookies and web-log for our internal research. We may use your information to conduct internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, behavior, and actions. These internal research reports and findings will not be disclosed to you.Marketing CampaignsWith your consent, we may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial, marketing or promotional messages.How We Share Personal Information with Other Parties?Gennaro Jewelers does not sell, rent or distribute your personally identifiable information to third parties except for the below mentioned purposes or reasons:Legal DisclaimerGennaro Jewelers may disclose information, including personally identifiable information, in order to comply with any applicable law, regulation, judicial proceeding, court order or governmental request.Fraud ProtectionGennaro Jewelers may disclose information, including personally identifiable information, in order to scrutinize, prevent or take action against suspected frauds or illegal activities. We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other organizations and companies to protect online and credit frauds.Third Party Service ProvidersWe may employ services of authorized third parties, either companies or individuals, to perform research and other related functions. Gennaro Jewelers may give access to your information to such third parties and other companies to perform their research and functions. These third parties or other companies may include customer support companies, web hosting companies, payment gateways, financial institutions, shipping companies, data analysis firms, email service providers etc. These third parties are not authorized to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose(s) other than the purpose(s) set forth by Gennaro Jewelers.Business TransferAs we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Gennaro Jewelers, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.Special EventsIf you elect to participate in any of our promotions, sweepstakes, surveys, questionnaires or contests during your visit to our website, Gennaro Jewelers may share your personally identifiable information with the other organizations participating in the event. These other organizations are not authorized to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose(s) other than the purpose(s) set forth by Gennaro Jewelers.How We Protect Your Personal Information?Gennaro Jewelers is committed to protecting your personally identifiable information and uses all precautionary measures to offer a safe and secure online environment. We use very advanced security technologies and procedures to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We may use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input, for transmission of your credit card information. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign out when finished using a shared computer.Our employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Gennaro Jewelers grants access of your personally identifiable information to very limited employees such as Customer Service, Shipping & Accounting persons for performing their specific jobs. These employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.How to Update Your Personal Information?At any given point of time, you may update or correct your personally identifiable information as well as your preferences through our online account profile update facility. You are requested to update your personally identifiable information in case of any changes in your name, phone number, email address, postal address or zip code. You can also update or correct your information by contacting the Gennaro Jewelers Customer Service Department at gary@gennarojewelers.com or call us on (516) 785-0134.How to Unsubscribe?At any given point of time, you may choose to unsubscribe from any future commercial communications or marketing messages from http://www.gennarojewelers.com. For unsubscribing, you may change your preferences by modifying your profile or by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of email or by contacting our Gennaro Jewelers Customer Service Department at phone number (516) 785-0134. We may, however, use your personally identifiable information without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major website changes or for customer service purposes).How You can Contact Us About Privacy Questions?If you have any queries or suggestions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at:Gennaro Jewelers410 Bedford Ave Bellmore, NY 11710Tel: (516) 785-0134 Email: gary@gennarojewelers.com View Cart Click Here to Exit Pop-up and Don’t Show Offer Again. ×
Prices Based on Current Gold Price: $1,835.17 | Last Updated 12/10/2020 7:00:05 AM