https://www.avalon-guns.com/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy & GDPR
Effective 20 May 2018
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy The Information We Collect How We Use Information Our Commitment To Data Security Our Commitment To Children's Privacy How To Access Or Correct Your Information How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name Address Email address Phone number
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name Address Phone Number
We also allow you to apply for finance. The types of personal information collected are:
Name Address Phone Number Email Address Job Title Employment History Date of Birth Financial Details
The Information We DONT Collect:
Credit/Debit Card Information - This is a service offered by Worldpay – you have the option of storing your card details for future use, details are stored encrypted and tokenised by Worldpay – Your card details cannot be deciphered once encrypted.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. – For example Royal Mail, Parcelforce.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. – For example Royal Mail, Parcelforce.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Information we collect for finance applications is used only for the purpose of Credit Checks through Callcredit Limited.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 16, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 16.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling us or sending us an email. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Sign up to our Newsletter
Information
About Us
Open Weekend 2019
Scholarship Programme
Avalon Mobile App
Terms & Conditions
Delivery & Returns
How To Find Us
Opening Times
Blog
Browning Age Lookup Tool
Beretta Age Lookup Tool
Contact Us
Brands
My Account
Log In
Register Account
Product Comparison
My Wishlist
My Basket
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Avalon Guns Street 191 High Street Street
Somerset BA16 0NE
+44(0)1458 447505
Avalon Guns MendipMendip Shooting GroundHaydon, Nr WellsBA5 3EH
+44(0)1749 673637
+44(0)1458 840020
© 2018 Avalon Guns Limited - Company Registration No.: 05683439 -
191 High Street, Street, Somerset, BA16 0NE. All Rights Reserved.
Avalon Guns Limited is acting as a credit broker offering finance products from Omni Capital Retail Finance Limited.
Avalon Guns Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, registration number 05683439.
Credit is subject to status.