https://www.marlowwhite.com/policies/
Active CMS Builder
Welcome to the new Marlow White Website!
We are currently accepting AGSU fitting appointments at our Leavenworth, KS & Woodbridge, VA locations
Menu
Army
Army Uniforms
Gender
Male
Female
Type
-- Please Select --
ASU Uniform
Blue Mess Uniform
White Mess Uniform
Rank
-- Please Select --
JR Enlisted
NCO
Officer
General Officer
Get Started
Headgear/Hats
Mens Hats
Womens Hats
Footgear/Shoes
Mens Shoes
Womens Shoes
JROTC/COLOR GUARDS
ROTC/OCS
Schedule an On-Site Fitting
NG Military Honors
Navy
Navy Uniforms
Gender
Male
Female
Type
-- Please Select --
Service Dress Blue Uniform
Dinner Dress Blue Uniform
Dinner Dress White Uniform
Rank
-- Please Select --
CPO
Officer
Admiral
PHS
Get Started
Headgear/Hats
Mens Hats
Womens Hats
Footgear/Shoes
Mens Shoes
Womens Shoes
First Responder
Department Centers
Police
Fire Department
Shop By Category
Dress Coats
Dress Trousers
Shirts & ties
Shoes
Headgear & Accessories
Leather Gear
Insignia & Buttons
Honor Guard Accessories
Resources
How to Measure
Get a Quote
Department Purchase Process
Swords
Army Officer
Army NCO
Marine Officer
Marine NCO
Navy Officer
Navy CPO
Coast Guard Officer
Coast Guard CPO
Air Force
Shop All Swords
Resources
View our Photo Based Comparisons
Comprehensive Sword FAQ
Sword Quantity Discounts
Sword Plaques
Medals & Ribbons
Awards Builder
New Regulations
Awards & Decorations
Gifts
Resources
Resources
Company Policies
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping Info & Rates
International Orders
Warrior Legacy Program
How to measure
Alteration Information
How To Measure Videos
Shop By Category
Army Uniform Regulations
Navy Uniform Regulations
PHS Uniform Regulations
Government
Government Contracts
Military Academies
Your Information
View Your Cart
Customer Service
Newsletter
Facebook
Clearance
Account
Settings
Currency
USD - US Dollar
EUR - Euro
Home
Company Policies
Company Policies
Privacy Statement
Covering sites: MarlowWhite.com; MilitarySabers.com; NavyUniforms.com; HonorGuardUniforms.com
The following will help you understand how we handle any information we gather from the site(s).
General
Marlow White Uniforms, Inc., is the owner of the listed websites. We are fully committed to the privacy of our visitors to these sites, our customers, and the data collected from these sites. This statement discloses our information gathering and how we use that information.
Personally Identifiable Information
Through the MarlowWhite.com e-mail newsletter subscription, a person's name, e-mail address, branch of service, and rank are collected and stored in a database that is used to mail out periodical newsletters. The information in these databases will never be provided to another source and is kept strictly confidential. Subscribing to the newsletter is optional and may be discontinued at any time by following the instructions in the newsletter, or by e-mailing our customer service (please reference the e-mail address you supplied when subscribing to the newsletter). Even though visitors to our website provide personally identifiable information when they subscribe, we do not track their movements through the website(s) in any personally identifiable way (see below).
Traffic Analysis
We look at how visitors have found our site(s) and basic web statistics to better understand how to serve our visitors and customers.
No Correlation of Browsing and Web Traffic Information with Personal Information
We do not combine traffic analysis information with your name or e-mail address, so the traffic analysis that we do is not linked in any way to personally identifiable information.
We Do Not Profile Our Vistors & Customers
We do not track where you've been on our web site(s) to establish a profile.
Anonymous Use of Cookies
We use "cookies" on the website(s) to identify the products you have placed in your shopping cart, and to better analyze our website(s) traffic. The cookies do not include any personal information about you. Initially, most browsers are set up to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies. Simply search in the browser "help" section for the word "cookies." You will need to activate cookies in order to make a purchase on the website(s).
Limited Use of Cookies
We will use cookies to track items such as the time/date of the visit, the time/date of the last visit, the page viewed, the referrer, shopping cart sessions, and other data. The cookies do not include personal information such as your name, mailing address and phone number. We do not collect such information from cookies and visitors are unable to provide us with personal information through normal movement across a website(s) via cookies. Cookie data collected serves only to update aggregate counts. Visitors can also reject cookies by searching in their browser's "help" section for the word "cookies."
Effective Dates
This privacy policy is effective July 1st, 2004.
Coupons
Marlow White produces our own sales and coupons internally. We will not accept any coupon sourced form a third party site
Updates to Policy
Updates to this Privacy Policy will be posted on MarlowWhite.com and a link to the policy will be placed at the bottom of each Marlow White web site and in the "Resources" drop-down tab.
For More Information
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, our services, or your experience with Marlow White Uniforms, Inc., please contact us, or write to us at:
Marlow White Uniforms, Inc.
400 Seneca
Leavenworth, KS 66048
General Policies
Order Processing:  We generally like to ship within 24 hours (1 business day) of receiving your order; however, please allow us up to 2 business days to ship general items.  For more detailed explanation concerning specific times, order methods, and items, visit the General Processing Time on our Shipping Page.
Shipping Time:  please visit our Shipping Page or Delivery Time Estimates Page for details.
Credit Card Processing:  We take credit card security very seriously and will process your orders with our upmost security. We accept checks addressed to "Marlow White Uniforms" which can be mailed to our headquarter's location at 400 Seneca Street, Leavenworth, KS. All Canadian checks will incur a $25 processing fee (this will be waived for credit cards).
Sales Tax and Exemptions: We are located in the State of Kansas. We must charge sales tax for all orders shipped to a Kansas address and remit the payments to the State of Kansas. If your organization accepts delivery of our products in Kansas, but it is exempted from sales tax, we need you to provide us with a copy of your tax exempt documentation. Please send it to
or fax it to (913) 651-8417 (dan@marlowwhite.com)
IRS Form W-9: If your organization requires a W-9 from Marlow White, please e-mail
for a current copy (dianne@marlowwhite.com)
We discuss our Return and Exchange Policy in detail on a separate web page.
We discuss non-APO International Shipment Policy on a separate web page.
Sale and promotional discount pricing are not retroactive.  Sale prices announced with a date(s) are effective from 12:00 a.m. (midnight) to 11:59 p.m. Central unless otherwise noted.
Other "Legalese" Fine Print:
Right to Refuse Service:  We reserve the right to refuse service to any customer for any reason.
Choice of Law and Forum:  All transactions and agreements shall be interpreted under the laws of the State of Kansas.  Any litigation under this agreement shall be resolved in the trial courts of Leavenworth County, State of Kansas.
Cyber Monday Promotional Gift Cards Terms & Conditions:
The following terms and conditions apply to any Marlow White gift card given by Marlow White for free, including "free with purchase," or distributed as a reward, incentive, part of a marketing program or promotion or otherwise (the "gift card").
Customers who made qualifying purchases during one of our “Cyber Monday” promotional events earned a promotional gift card based on their sales amount. The “Cyber Monday” promotional events occurred between the following dates:
A. Between November 26, 2017, and November 28, 2017B. Between November 23, 2018, and November 27, 2018
The qualifying purchases and associated gift cards are as follows:
Spend $100, the customer receives a $10 gift card for a future purchase
Spend $250, the customer receives a $35 gift card for a future purchase
Spend $500, the customer receives a $75 gift card for a future purchase
Spend $1000, the customer receives a $200 gift card for a future purchase
One (1) promotional gift card will be provided for orders meeting the above sales criteria until:
A. 2017 promotion: 11:59 p.m. Central, November 28, 2017.
B. 2018 promotion: 11:59 p.m. Central, November 27, 2018.
Limit one card per customer per 24-hour period. The maximum gift card award amount is $200 USD per customer per 24-hour period. To qualify for a promotional gift card, orders must total the above sales criteria before any discounts, taxes, shipping, or duty charges are applied. Exchanges or returns do not qualify. Promotional gift cards will be valid on future Marlow White merchandise purchases. Gift cards cannot be redeemed on the original qualifying order.
Marlow White will mail all promotional gift cards, ideally with the qualifying order. Marlow White will not issue promotional gift cards in an electronic format. Your promotional Marlow White gift card will be honored for merchandise purchased from Marlow White at www.MarlowWhite.com, by phone, or in the Leavenworth, KS or Woodbridge, VA stores.
By accepting and retaining the gift card or using the gift card, you agree to these terms and conditions, as well as future terms and conditions and program/service changes. We reserve the right to change the format, elements, and terms and conditions of the gift card program at any time without notice. Current terms and conditions can be viewed at www.MarlowWhite.com/policies. The gift card and associated offers are void where prohibited by law. The terms "you” and “your" mean the person to whom the gift card was issued.
Use of the gift card is limited to the amount of funds associated with the gift card. You cannot increase the funds on the gift card. Use for unauthorized advertising, marketing, sweepstakes or other promotional purposes is strictly prohibited. Cards cannot be used to purchase other Marlow White gift cards. Your right to use the funds on the gift card is a limited right, subject to the terms and conditions of the Agreement and applicable law. Please note that purchases made with the gift card are similar to those made with cash in that you cannot "stop payment" on such transactions. Marlow White is not responsible for errors or omissions. The full amount of each purchase will be deducted from the funds held on the gift card, up to the total funds available on the gift card. Returned items will be refunded net of the gift card amount. Once a return is processed, promotional gift card(s) redeemed on original order will be reissued. Promotional gift card funds cannot be applied to additional costs associated with return or exchange orders.
The laws of Kansas govern the gift card, as well as the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
You agree to use the gift card only for legitimate purchases of merchandise through Marlow White and not for the purpose of obtaining cash from Marlow White.
This gift card promotion is designed to provide a benefit to our individual customers by permitting them to purchase Marlow White merchandise at a discount. These promotional gift cards have no cash value. Marlow White reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to refuse to honor any gift card used in a manner inconsistent with these objectives, including without limitation any fraudulent use. If we suspect misuse of the gift card, it may be suspended or terminated.
Free Shipping on Orders over $100
Guaranteed Color Consistency
100% Safe and Secure Checkout
140+ Years of Quality Uniforms
© 2020 Marlow White Uniforms, Inc. All rights reserved.