http://www.decalmx.com/terms_conditions.php?catID=201&source=desktopMenu
Bold
Brush
Cruiser
Graffiti
Impact
Inmate
Loud
Machine
Script
Shred
Style
Super
Tech
Typhoon
Viper
12
23
34
45
56
67
78
89
1011
1213
Home
HELP
Shipping and Returns
Returns or Exchange Policy
There are NO REFUNDS, RETURNS or EXCHANGES on any decals. The decals are custom made for you. Once the decals are designed and printed, you own
them.
Please contact DeCal Works at 1-800-843-8244 to begin the Return or Exchange process. Have your order number ready. You will be given a Return
Authorization number that must be put clearly on the outside of the return form and on the outside of the return box. Any box not displaying the RA#
will not be accepted.
All returns or exchanges must be received within 30 days of your invoice date. Absolutely NO Returns or Exchanges will be accepted after 30 days for
any reason. Absolutely NO Returns will be accepted For Custom, Semi Custom, MX Background, or Rider ID DeCals.
A completed Return or Exchange Form must accompany all returns. Failure to do so may result in the item being returned back to the customer.
please Click Here to download the form.
Once processed a credit will then be issued to your credit card. The credit back can take up to 2 billing cycles or longer to appear on your statement
depending on your financial institution’s policies.
Local customers can Return or Exchange an item to DeCal Works only after RA # has been generated. Once an item is received it will be checked for
condition before a credit authorization will be approved.
Shipping Information
All shipping times are based on after Items are Manufactred. Please Click Here to Contact DeCal Works for
Manufacturing Times.
We utilize real time quotes from our preferred shipping carriers in the interests of providing our customers with the lowest possible prices. We do not
consider shipping as an area to generate additional profit or a way to offset our discounted product prices to our customers. In some instances of large
orders, multiple boxes may be required and the shipping rates designated in the order may not calculate multiple boxes. We will contact you with any
additional shipping before processing the order.
Duty, taxes, and customs are the responsibility of the consumer and must be paid upon receipt of the shipment.
Next Business Day Delivery typically by 10:30 a.m. UPS Next
Day Air
Next Business Day Delivery typically by 6:00 p.m. UPS
Next Day Air Saver
2 Business Days Delivery typically by end of day UPS 2nd
Day Air
3 Business Days Delivery by end of day UPS 3 Day
Select
1-5 Business Days Delivery based on distance to destination UPS
Ground
UPS Ground Shipping Times
Product Warranty Information
For any product that comes to you with defects in the quality of the workmanship or materials please follow the return/exchange information above. The
area of damage or defect must be clearly stated to DeCal Works Customer Representatives so that we can affect a warranty exchange for that item.
Once a Custom, Semi Custom, MX Background, or Rider ID DeCal is applied to an object absolutely NO warranty can be made for defects in the quality of the
workmanship.
Items purchased in our close outs section may exceed warranty due to when they were originally manufactured. For these "older" items, again they are new,
but may have a scuff or two from being handled, please do not be alarmed.