https://www.manifestjewelry.com/privacypolicy
PRIVACY POLICY.
Manifest Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy provides detail of how and/or why your personal information is collected and used when you visit or should you decide to make a purchase from Manifest. This policy will also discuss how your personal information is secured and protected. Manifest is committed to the protection of all its visitors and customers.
Manifest may change this policy by updating this page. Check this page prior to making future purchases to ensure you are comfortable with using the site.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT:
General Information:The following information is collected upon visiting the site: information regarding your web browser, IP address, time zone, and certain cookies as it pertains to our website.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files stored on your mobile device or computer that are created to hold data specific to a specific website.
This information is used to create an easier shopping experience for you. With collecting this information, we can save shopping carts, recommend products, etc.
Personal Information:
Should you make a purchase on our site, the following information will be collected: name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit/debit card numbers, Apple Pay, PayPal, etc.), email address, and/or phone number.With collecting this information, we can fulfill all orders that are placed on our site. We also use this information to communicate with you, indicating when an order has been processed, shipped, and/or cancelled.
All the information collected is stored on a secure server behind a firewall.
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
There are third parties in which we have to share your information with in order to create the best shopping experience for you. For example, our site is powered by Squarespace—should you decide to make a purchase through our site your personal information will be collected by Squarespace. You can read more about how Squarespace uses your personal information here: https://www.squarespace.com/privacy In shipping your orders, we also use ShipStation, you can read more about how they use your personal information here: https://www.shipstation.com/privacy-policy/ We assure that these are both trustworthy platforms and we have taken necessary precaution to ensure that your information is secure in using these services.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through our site, we will maintain your order information for our records and your shopping convenience, unless you request us to delete this information.
CONTACT US For additional information or should you have any concerns regarding our privacy policy and practices, please contact us by email at shop@manifestjewelry.com.