https://www.customcreationsunlimited.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Conditions of Use : Personalized Photo Blankets | Custom Photo Gifts
Home
About Us
Contact Us
My Account
Need help? Try our FAQ's or call 630-665-1969
0 items - $0.00
Search
Advanced Search
Categories
Household
Office
Photo Blankets
Photo Beach Towels
Photo Pillows
Photo Mugs & Steins
Tapestry Wall Hanging
Invitations
Better Together Discounts
Testimonials
The blanket arrived yesterday.The blanket arrived yesterday. It is magnificent. I smile every time I see my cat curled up on the blanket which is an image of her. Thank you so...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Information
About Us/FAQ
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Important Links
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping Information
Can I create a collage?
How do I submit a photo?
Newsletter Sign-Up
You are here: Home »
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
The terms, policies and conditions (collectively known as "Conditions") described below govern the use of this site (referred to as "Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc." or "site"). Your use and/or placement of any order indicate your acceptance of these Conditions. Privacy We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information and other personal information. We use this information to process your order and to personalize your shopping experience. Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology. To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. site. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions included at the bottom of each newsletter. We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time. Privacy on Other Web SitesOther sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. is not responsible for the actions of third parties. Order Acceptance Policy Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. Credit CardsWe accept Visa, Master Card, American Express and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon placing your order. Money Orders, Cashier's Checks, Company Checks, & Personal ChecksCustom Creations Unlimited, Inc. accepts money orders, cashier's checks, personal checks, and company checks in U.S. Dollars only. Orders paid for by personal check will be held until the check clears our bank. Orders paid for by money order, cashier's check or company check will be processed when payment is received. We will charge a $25 fee on all returned checks. PhotographsWhen submitting a photograph, you warranty that you are the owner of the photograph (or have permission); that it is not a counterfeit or stolen item; that it does not infringe any third party's copyright, license, patent, trademark, trade secret or any other proprietary rights or rights of privacy; that the photograph does not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including without limitation those governing import/export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising); that the photograph will not be obscene or contain child pornography; and that the photograph shall not create liability for Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. You agree to indemnify and hold Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc., its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this agreement and/or your violation of any law or the rights of any third party. We also reserve the right to refuse to process any order we deem to be offensive in any manner.The submission of any photos or any other documents constitutes an agreement by you that if such photo or document is damaged, lost or mishandled by our company, agents or employees, even though due to negligence or of any of the foregoing, to replacement of a 24 exposure roll of film. While we will use all due diligence to ensure the safety of your photograph and will make all attempts to return your photo with your blanket, we suggest that you send copies of any photo that is irreplaceable or highly valuable. Shipping Policy Orders are not shipped on Saturday, Sunday or regular US Holidays. We cannot guarantee when an order will arrive. Consider any shipping or transit time offered to you by Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. or other parties only as an estimate. We encourage you to order in a timely fashion to avoid delays caused by shipping or product availability. Your order status, available online 24/7, will be updated to 'shipped' and include a tracking number, when available.Multiple Product OrdersFor a multiple product order, we will make every attempt to ship all products contained in the order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available. You will only be charged for shipping at the rate quoted to you on your purchase receipt. Taxes Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within Illinois. For orders shipped to other states, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes. ReturnsWe will gladly replace products that are defective due to defects in manufacturing and/or workmanship for 30 days from the date of shipment. Fulfillment mistakes that we make resulting in the shipment of incorrect product to you will also be accepted for return 30 days from the date of shipment. We cannot accept returns of personalized orders.Typographical ErrorsIn the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price Links This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site. Copyright and Trademark NoticeThis site is owned and operated by Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc., Copyright 2014, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. Other ConditionsThese Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. signs them or not. Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time. Rev. 10/07/2010
Home | Personalized Gift Ideas | Product
Review Contest | Site Map | Search
| Privacy
Statement
Custom Creations Unlimited offers Secure SSL Shopping and accepts All Major Credit Cards.
Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc.
20 Danada Square West, #181, Wheaton, Illinois 60189
Copyright © 1997-2020 Custom Creations Unlimited, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Designed and maintained by Wheaton Website Services
Site secured using industry standard SSL.Payment secured by Authorize.net