http://www.dollshouseworkshop.com/termsandconditions
Collection
Sui Generis
Contact
Our Story
Sign In
My Account
Meticulously crafted high quality bespoke doll house presentations that are designed at core to become high-quality future family heirlooms.
““Beautifully Crafted with a Scrupulous Attention to Detail.””
Terms & Conditions  These terms and conditions apply for all customers.The Dolls’ House Workshop is a trading body of Furniture Enterprises Ltd registered in England and Wales (VAT registration number 386520339) registered office: TPC Services Limited, Cambridge House, 27 Cambridge Park, Wanstead, London, E11 2PU.Our workshop is located at: L20 Leaping Wells Farm Hollow Road Kelvedon Essex CO5 9DB. General Terms and Conditions of Sale These apply to any order placed with The Dolls’ House Workshop; you must read these general terms and conditions of sale. By placing an order through The Dolls’ House Workshop, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to these in their entirety. We have taken all reasonable precautions to try to ensure accuracy of prices and product descriptions. However, when ordering, please note that:orders are accepted on the basis that there are no material error in the description of the goods and their advertised pricepackaging may vary from that shownthe weights and dimensions shown are approximate onlywhilst we take every precaution to ensure colours are accurately displayed, colours may differ slightly on the physical productall products are subject to availabilityWebsite Terms and Conditions The website terms and conditions apply to your use of the website at https://www.dollshouseworkshop.com/. By accessing, browsing, using or registering with the website, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to the website terms.These website terms are in addition to the terms of our privacy policy which explains which personal information we collect about you. You might find it helpful to view our privacy policy. Please note that when you agree to the website terms you also agree to and have read and understood our privacy policy.Customer SecurityYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account. You agree by signing up that we shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by the account holder to protect their account.
Acceptance of Your OrderCompletion of the checkout process does not constitute our acceptance of your order which takes place only when we dispatch your products. Products remain our property until we have received payment in full from you. Card payments are subject to authorisation by your card issuer. All trade account holders are subject to a 30 day account and orders are only dispatched if account is not overdue. If no payment is received within the time specified or at time of purchase the products must be returned within 30 days, in the same condition that you received them, and at your own expense. We reserve the right to charge for any damage to any products that is subject of an unpaid order.
DeliveryOur presentations have an average turnaround time of between 3 and 6 weeks. Individual times will be specified in the description of the item. In very rare situations, this may differ slightly due to unforeseen circumstances, if this is the case we will notify you as soon as possible to make you aware. If a product is temporarily out of stock we will let you know as soon as possible. We aim to dispatch all orders within the specified times.Your order will be dispatched from the United Kingdom. Due to customs, legal, regulatory and/or other restrictions, some of our products may not be available to certain destinations outside the United Kingdom. We reserve the right to define what can be delivered to which destination. Please note that your order may be subject to import duty and we cannot be held responsible for any import taxes or fees incurred on your order.Due to regulations in relation to certain couriers, we kindly ask every customer to thoroughly check every package they receive from us before signing from any third party courier. Should any package be unfit for delivery, please contact us immediately and we will investigate and amend the issue as soon as possible.In order to ensure your Dolls House arrives at your residency in perfect, pristine condition, we use only the most outstanding courier service. This means that the delivery rate of each individual presentation differs according to your location.
Our flat rate is £350 for the UK, this is not included in the product price. If your location is particularly remote we may contact you to discuss a small surcharge. Equally, if your location is closer to our showroom than expected, we may contact you to discuss a partial discount. By completing checkout, you accept that we may contact you requesting this postage fee at any time after your purchase has been accepted.
If you are not completely satisfied with any item of your order, you may return it within 14 days of purchase for a full refund.
If an item is damaged, incorrectly supplied or you simply want to return an item, please inform us by phone or e-mail within 4 days of delivery. The items must be returned to us within 14 days of purchase. Please note that we are unable to accept your return if we have not been notified first.
Refunds will be made using the same method used to pay for your order within 5 working days of us receiving your item. Key Points You can return any item of your order within 14 days of purchase.You must notify us first within 14 days of delivery before sending a return.We must receive your return within 14 days of purchase.Guidance Items should be returned in their original packaging with a copy of your order invoice at your own expense. If you choose to return an item to us, we will not be responsible for any loss or damage in transit and we reserve the right to charge you or not to refund any amounts attributable to such loss or damage. We therefore recommend that you use a recorded delivery service.
Returns