http://www.taylorcustom.com/privacy-policy/
lock
plus
Go Back
All Categories
Categories
New Products
Animals and Plants
Animals and Plants
All Animals and Plants
Plant Biology
Birds
Mammals
Reptiles
Amphibians
Fish
Arthropods
Molluscs
Echinoderms
Cniderians
Platyhelminthes
Nematodes
Anatomy
Anatomy
All Anatomy
Human Anatomy
Animal Anatomy
Cell and Molecular Biology
Earth Science
Earth Science
All Earth Science
Paleontology
Geology
Astronomy and Planetary Science
Music and Sound
Other Items
Other Items
All Other Items
Drawer Pulls
USB Flash Drives
Lamp Finials
Misc Items
Refrigerator Magnets
Holiday Items
Go Back
All Pages
Pages
About TaylorCustom
Resources
Resources
Resources
Diagrams
Gallery
3D
Spotlight!
Spotlight!
Spotlight!
Spotlight on Errors
Spotlight on Anatomical Eye
Spotlight on Ediacaran Biota
Spotlight on Virus Keychain
Spotlight on Anatomical Liver
More
More
More
Shipping & Returns
Contact
Reseller Info
In the Works!
Custom Work
Nerdiest Keychain Contest!
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Home
/
More
/
Privacy Policy
Collection of Personal information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
Links to other sites
Our site contains links to other web sites over which we have no control. TaylorCustom / A to Zoo is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other Web sites to which we link. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other Web sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Log Files
Like most standard Websites, we use log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platformtype, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However,none of the nformation stored in our log files, including but not limited to IP addresses, is linked to personally identifiable information.
Data Security
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. We reveal only the last fivedigits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing