http://www.icmfh.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Ice Cream Man From Hell wants to ensure that your privacy is protected and this privacy policy relates how uses and protects any information provided to Ice Cream Man From Hell when you use this website. Any information you provide will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Ice Cream Man From Hell collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the www.icmfh.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Ice Cream Man From Hell.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site fill out a form respond to a survey subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate:
name
contact information including email address
Security
To stop any unauthorized access or disclosure of your information, appropriate electronic, physical and managerial procedures have been implemented to protect the information we gather online and ensure its security.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web Browser Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Ice Cream Man From Hell collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include User may contact us via our Site
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a encrypted and protected with digital signatures
Sharing Your Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above..
Compliance with children’s online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
Ice Cream Man From Hell has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, post a notification on the main page of our Site. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and https://www.icmfh.com . If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Ice Cream Man From Hell
https://www.icmfh.com/
info@icmfh.com
Comments are closed.