http://www.swansonvitamins.com/help/company-information/company-information-faqs/corporate-social-responsibility.html
Enter your email address
No
Thanks
Your 10% Off Promo Code is on the Way! Thanks for signing up for emails.
You're now signed up to receive exclusive deals and savings
opportunities!
Thanks again for connecting with us. Keep an eye on your inbox — your first coupon
is on its way!
CLOSE
Thank You! This email address is already signed up
You are signed up for the following:
Offers
Recipes
E-Newsletter
Updates & Reminders
Thank you for your interest and be assured that you will continue to receive our emails at
this address.
Look for your next communication from us within the next week.
CLOSE
Oops!
We are having trouble processing your request.
Our apologies!
Please try again later.
CLOSE
sign up for deals & tips
blog
Swanson Health Mobile Logo
Swanson Health Desktop Logo
×
Enter search terms
search
help or support
help/support
your account
sign in/register
0
cart
help/support
Due to increased demand, our shipping carriers are experiencing delays and shipments may take longer than expected.
speak with a Customer Support Representative
help or support
Call 1-800-824-4491
7am—Midnight CT Mon—Sat
Text 1-800-824-4491
7am—12am CT Mon—Fri,8am—12am CT Sat
chat
Live Chat
More ways to contact us
hi,
my account
easy refill
order history
sign out
× menu
× shop by category
your account
sign in/register
shop
CBD Hemp Extract
Immune Health
probiotics
probiotics
swanson probiotics
Probiotics for Digestive Health
Probiotics for Immune System
Probiotics for Women
Probiotics for Seniors
Probiotics by Potency
Acidophilus/Lactobacillus
Reuteri
FOS (Fructooligosaccharides)
Saccharomyces Boulardii
See all Probiotics
cleansing & detoxification
cleansing & detoxification
Colon Cleanse
Charcoal
Liver Cleanse
Gastrointestinal Cleanse
Cleansing & Detoxification Herbs
Cleansing & Detoxification Tea
Whole Body Cleanse
Metal Detoxification
Urinary Cleanse
See all Cleansing & Detoxification
coq10
CoQ10
Ubiquinol
CoQ10 with Tocotrienols
CoQ10 Formulas
Q-Gel
CoQ10 Chewable
CoQ10 Creams
See all CoQ10
digestive health
digestive health
Acidophilus/Probiotics
Digestive Enzymes
Digestive Health Formulas
Psyllium
Ginger Root
Hydrochloric Acid (HCL)
DGL (Deglycyrrhizinated Licorice)
Pectin
Glucomannan
PepZin GI
See all Digestive Health
herbs
herbs
Turmeric
Mushrooms
CBD Hemp Extract
Pycnogenol
Milk Thistle
Tart Cherry
Cinnamon
Saw Palmetto
Black Pepper
Olive Leaf
Ginkgo Biloba
See all Herbs
vitamin c
vitamin c
Vitamin C with Rose Hips
Vitamin C Formulas
Bioflavonoids
Ester-C
Buffered Vitamin C
Vitamin C Creams & Lotions
Mineral Ascorbates
Zinc & Vitamin C Lozenges
Children's Vitamin C Formulas
See all Vitamin C
women's health
women's health
PMS & Menopause
Women's Multivitamin & Mineral Formula
Women's Acidophilus/Probiotics
Women's Leg Vein Health
Prenatal Health
Pregnancy & Breast Feeding
Tampons & Pads
Breast Health
See all Women's Health
men's health
men's health
Prostate Health
Men's Multivitamin & Mineral Formulas
Men's Hormone Balance
Men's Hair Formulas
Men's Personal Care
See all Men's Health
heart
heart
Omega-3 EFAs
Magnesium
Polyphenols/OPCs
Vitamin E
Cardiovascular Formulas
Vitamin K
Resveratrol
Garlic
L-Arginine
Phytosterols
See all Heart
food & beverage
food & beverage
Tea
Nuts & Seeds
Breakfast Foods
Honey
Oils & Vinegar
Baking
Bars
Stevia
Fruit & Vegetables
Juices
See all Food & Beverage
all categories
vitamins & supplements
swanson brand
new arrivals
specials
Easy Refill Logo
Due to increased demand, our shipping carriers are experiencing delays and shipments may take longer than expected.
Help & Award-Winning Customer Service
Categories
Company Accolades
Security & Privacy
International Information
Company Information
Guarantees
My Account
Easy Refill
Order Information
Product Information
Product Reviews
Shipping Information
Contact Us
Help
> Company Information > Company Information & FAQs Corporate Social Responsibility
Search Help
Corporate Social Responsibility
California Transparency in Supply Chains Act (SB 657)
Referred to as SB 657, the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act adds to the existing federal Victims of Trafficking and Violence Protection Act of 2000. Existing state law makes human trafficking a crime; it allows a victim of human trafficking to bring a civil action for actual damages, compensatory damages, punitive damages, injunctive relief, any combination of those, or any other appropriate relief. Existing law generally regulates various business activities and practices, including those of retail sellers and manufacturers of products. Swanson Health Products is committed to compliance with the declaration requirements of SB 657, the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010, which requires retail sellers and manufacturers doing business in the state of California to disclose their efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking from their direct supply chains for tangible goods offered for sale effective January 1, 2012. In addition, Swanson is committed to developing and upholding a policy regarding human rights issues and requiring the same commitment of its suppliers.
The points outlined below in bold highlight each of the five pillars of the California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, followed by an explanation of Swanson Health Products (SHP) status regarding each pillar.
Company engages in verification of product supply chains to evaluate and address risks of human trafficking and slavery. This disclosure shall specify if the verification was not conducted by a third party.
The majority of SHP's direct supply chain business partners are US companies; many of these direct suppliers have been visited and/or audited by SHP personnel, but this was not conducted by a third party. No human trafficking risks have been identified by SHP personnel during those visits.
Company conducts audits of suppliers to evaluate supplier compliance with company standards for trafficking and slavery in supply chains. The disclosure shall specify if the verification was not an independent, unannounced audit.
The supplier audits that have been conducted at SHP to date have not specifically addressed compliance with human trafficking and slavery standards, although the companies have all been in areas not known to have such problems. The audits were not conducted in an independent, unannounced audit.
Company requires direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with the laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business.
SHP does not currently require direct suppliers to certify that materials incorporated into the product comply with laws regarding slavery and human trafficking of the country or countries in which they are doing business.
Company maintains internal accountability standards and procedures for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and trafficking.
SHP does not currently maintain internal accountability standards and procedures beyond the United States Universal Declaration of Human Rights for employees or contractors failing to meet company standards regarding slavery and trafficking.
Company provides company employees and management, who have direct responsibility for supply chain management, training on human trafficking and slavery, particularly with respect to mitigating risks within the supply chains of products.
SHP employees who have direct responsibility over supply chain management have general knowledge regarding the company's desire to mitigate risks of human trafficking and slavery within the supply chains of products.
SHP Human Rights and Responsibilities
Swanson Health Products is committed to conducting business in an ethical and responsible manner. It is Swanson Health Products' priority to safeguard the rights of our employees and those of the workers who manufacture our products or work in the supply chain. Swanson Health Products' suppliers are expected to conduct their operations in a socially responsible manner.
Get our best deals straight to your inbox!
Enter your email address
sign up
Your first offer is on the way!
You're now signed up to receive exclusive deals and savings opportunities!
Thank You! This email address is already signed up.
Thank you for your interest and be assured that you will continue to receive our emails at this address.
Oops!
We are having trouble processing your request. Our apologies! Please try again later.
CUSTOMER CARE
ABOUT SWANSON
CAREERS
INTERNATIONAL
REFER A FRIEND
*promotion details
help
shipping
returns
our quality code
social responsibility
privacy & security
swanson cares
distributors
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
Quality Code Seal
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Twitter
*Some exclusions apply. See Details
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Sales Tax: Sales tax indicated at checkout is an estimate. The sales tax charged to your credit card is calculated when your credit card charge is authorized on the date of shipment.
Sales tax charged reflects any applicable state and local taxes.
© 2020 Swanson® – Terms of Service – Privacy Policy – Sitemap
Essential Accessibility Icon
®
Easy Refill
Get your favorite products delivered automatically
10% off future orders of Swanson brand products in your subscription
FREE standard shipping on all future orders over $50
Control the frequency, delivery date, item quantity... or cancel at any time
Email reminders before each delivery
See all FAQs here
Add and Review Order
Add and Keep Shopping