http://www.woodpenpro.com/terms
Best Prices on Pen Kits and Acrylics
Search
0
TERMS OF SERVICE / POLICIESOur interest is to protect your privacy and we will not provide any information you may furnish us with anyone outside of our company, nor to any third party. We will not sell or disclose any information to telemarketing or any other parties or companies.We only use information from our email lists to alert our customers of special offers and/or seasonal promotions. It does include an "opt out" response link that will prevent any future mailings if you are not interested in receiving these offers or promotions.Our business objective is to provide our customers with superior service and support and to earn your trust as a valued customer for the long term. If you have any questions about our privacy policy or any other policy or practice, please do not hesitate to contact us.GeneralWood Pen Pro reserves the right at any time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this web site (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services available through this web site (or any part thereof) with or without notice. All visitors must agree that Wood Pen Pro shall not be liable to them or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension, or discontinuance of this web site.Access to and use of this web site and the information, materials, products and services available through this site are subject to all applicable laws and regulations posted below in Terms of Use.By accessing this web site, you agree to all of our policies which form a legally binding agreement. If you do not agree, please exit this site.All posted policies may be changed by us from time to time without specific notice to you. The latest policies will be posted on the site, and you should always review them prior to using the site to ensure that you have a current understanding of the policies under which you are permitted to access this web site. If you cannot access our policies via the Internet, we can provide a copy of the most recent policies by email upon request.Privacy Policy StatementWe have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site. Any changes or updates to our privacy practices will be updated through our web site.Log FilesWe use IP addresses, browser type, time of day, to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.Registration/OrderingOur site's registration/order form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their phone number or email and IP address), ALL financial information (like their account or credit card numbers) are processed through an encrypted SSL server provided by PayPal or Authorize.net.The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary (i.e., in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes or changes in privacy practices). Financial information collected and used to bill the user for products and services are done completely through Thawte SSL encrypted Mals-e shopping cart and process transactions either through PayPal's (Verisign SSL) servers or Authorize.net's payment gateway. All three parts of the payment processing solution are encrypted and hacker safe secured by ScanAlert. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.SecurityThis web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, your information is protected both online and offline. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry -- SSL. No sensitive information is ever transmitted in plain text.Authentic Sites use Thawte SSL Certificates to offer secure communications by encrypting all data to and from the site. Thawte has checked and verified the company registration documents and the site's registered domain name.This information is included in the SSL certificate issued. This enables you to check the site's validity yourself. Always check a site's certificate before entering any sensitive information. We use Mal's E-commerce Limited shopping cart (monitored by HackerSafe and PCI Compliant) and secure servers (Thawte SSL) to process transactions via PayPal (Verisign SSL) or Authorize.net payment portals.While on a secure page, such as our order form, two things happen. One, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Mozilla's Firefox, Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just surfing. And two, in the address bar, the "http" becomes "https." To learn more about SSL, follow either of these links http://www.thawte.com/ or http://www.verisign.com/.Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.Terms of UseIntroduction: Your use of the Wood Pen Pro web site signifies your consent to the following terms of use. If you do not consent to these terms of use, please do not use the WoodPenPro.com. We reserve the right to make changes to these terms of use without notice and your continued use of the Wood Pen Pro web site will mean that you accept those changes.No Warranty: This web site is provided by Wood Pen Pro as a service to its users on an "as is" basis. Wood Pen Pro makes no representations or warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, as to the information, content, materials or products included on this site or as to the operation of the site. Wood Pen Pro disclaims all warranties, whether express or implied, including without limitation the warranty of merchantability and the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose.Copyright and Trademarks: Trademarks mentioned on this site belong to their respective owners, even if not clearly identified. All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, icons, images, video clips and software is the property of Wood Pen Pro and is protected by U.S. copyright law, and except for non-commercial, personal use, may not be copied, distributed, displayed, reproduced or transmitted without the prior written permission of Wood Pen Pro. While every effort has been made to ensure that the information contained on this site is true and accurate, Wood Pen Pro offers no guarantee as to such accuracy and accepts no responsibility for any loss or damage, howsoever caused, arising from reliance upon the information contained on this site.Hyper-Links: This site may link to sites not related to or maintained by Wood Pen Pro. These links are provided as a service to the users of this site and Wood Pen Pro makes no representations or warranties about the content, completeness or accuracy of the sites or the links on this site or as to any site linking to this site.Limitation of Liability: Wood Pen Pro shall not be liable, whether in contract, tort (including the negligence of Wood Pen Pro its officers, directors, agents or employees), or strict liability for any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, or consequential damages resulting from your use of the WoodPenPro.com web site or any of its content. You hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Wood Pen Pro, its officers, directors, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates from any causes of action, claims, proceedings, losses, damages, fees, expenses, liabilities or costs, including reasonable attorney’s fees, arising from your use of this web site or its content, your violation of any of these terms or conditions, or your infringement of any intellectual property rights.Miscellaneous: These terms of sale shall be governed by the laws of the State of Hawaii, without giving effect to its conflict of law’s provisions. You agree that venue for any action shall be in the state and federal courts of Honolulu County, Hawaii and hereby consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts. If for any reason a court finds a provision or portion of the foregoing terms of sale to be unenforceable, the remainder will continue to be valid and shall remain in full force and effect.
Our Site
Home
Shop
Contact
Shipping & Return Policy
Terms & Conditions
Join our email list, stay up to date on new items.
Our Quality Commitment to You
* Time is money so if code is not used and then after the fact discount is requested, 5% less than advertised discount is the max total discount.  Coupon entry block is located on the first page during checkout right next to the total price. Sales % Off excludes ALL PLAQUES and is for pen craft items only.
We pride ourselves on highest level of quality. If you are at all unsatisfied please contact us:Email: sales@woodpenpro.com
Phone: 808-398-0172Business Hours: Online 24/7
Copyright © 2020 WoodPenPro
- Powered by Online Store
Home
About Us
Shop
Shop All
Pen Blanks
Macro Molecular Metal
$0.99 Cent Acrylic Blanks!!!!
M40 METAL BLANKS™
Acrylic Pen Blanks
Wood Pen Blanks
Kits
Pen Kits
Project Kits
Pencil Kits
Accessories
Bushings & Supplies
Pen Accessory Kits
Starter Pen Kits
Laser Inlay Kits
Engraving
The Pen Crafters Box ®
Custom Clips
U.S. ARMY Pen Clips
U.S. NAVY Pen Clips
U.S. AIR FORCE Pen Clips
U.S. MARINE CORPS Pen Clips
U.S. COAST GUARD Pen Clips
Military Officer
Patriot Pens
Plaques
Instructions
Photo Gallery
Contact
Instructions