http://www.schiffvitamins.com/pages/cookie-policy
HomeAll Products
Cookie Policy
We Use Cookies
Companies in the RB Health (US) LLC (“we”) use "cookies" and other automated means to collect certain information about visitors to our websites, such as how many users visit our sites and the most viewed webpages. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our sites and our advertising to our visitors. We collect this information through various means, such as cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies. When we refer to “cookies”, we mean all of these.
Cookies and other Automated Means of Data Collection
Cookies
Cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit our sites. We may use cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited us before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest interest. Cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular website.
Depending on the domain placing the cookie, cookies can be considered as 'first' or 'third party' cookies. First party cookies are those cookies set by a website visited by the user - the website displayed in the URL window (e.g. cookies placed by [www.rb.com]). Third party cookies are cookies that are set by a domain other than that of the website being visited by the user. If a user visits a website and a separate company sets a cookie through that website, this would be a third party cookie.
Depending on the duration of the cookie, cookies can be considered as 'persistent' or 'session' cookies. A persistent cookie remains on a user's device for the period of time specified in that cookie, and is activated each time that user visits the website that created the cookie, until the cookies expire or are erased by the user. A session cookie allows to link the actions of a user during a browser session. A session starts when a user opens a browser window and ends when the browser window is closed, following which all session cookies are deleted.
Web Beacons
Web beacons (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs) are typically transparent graphic images placed on a site. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to measure the actions of visitors on web sites. We may use web beacons to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, and the type of browser used to view the page.
IP Addresses and URLs
An IP address is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet. When you visit our sites, we may view the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet using a web beacon. We use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what geographic regions our site visitors come. We may use this information to change the way we present our websites to you to enhance your visit.
A URL (uniform resource locator) is a unique identifier or address for each resource on the internet, in effect it is the address for the web page that you are visiting. We will use this information to see which sites and pages are visited and the way that you navigate through our site.
What Cookies Do We Use?
We use the following types of cookies on our sites:
Strictly Necessary Cookies - These cookies are essential in order to carry out a transaction or request initiated by you. Examples include remembering information provided by you as you move through the site to and managing your logged-in status during the session. You cannot opt out of these cookies as the websites cannot function properly without them.
Functionality Cookies - These cookies allow the site to remember choices you have made in order to provide functionality for your benefit. For example, functionality cookies allow the site to remember settings specific to you, such as your country selection and persistent logged-in state if selected by you, and other customized features.
Analytic Cookies - These cookies allow us to collect data relating to your use of our sites, including the content on which you click while browsing on our sites, in order to measure the effectiveness and consumer interaction with the site and improve our sites over time. These cookies may be provided by our third-party analytic tool provider but are only used for purposes related to our sites.
Advertising Cookies - These cookies remember information regarding your use of our sites and other sites so that we can serve promotional and other targeted information to you on our sites and other sites.
Social Media Cookies - These cookies provide access to social networks and may collect personal information in relation to your use of these networks. We have no control for how the social networks may collect and use your personal information and their use is subject to the social network’s privacy policy.
The specific cookies we use on this site can be found in the Preference Centre, which you can access by closing this page.
To learn more about cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
How To Disable or Remove Cookies
If you want to directly manage cookies, please go back to the Preference Centre by closing this page.
Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all our site features. If you want to manage cookies via your browser, please go to the Help section of your browser.
How to Contact Us
To learn more about RB Health (US) LLC’s privacy practices, please view our Privacy Policy.
In case you have any further questions regarding our use of cookies, please visit the "contact us" page on the website.
x