https://www.lmperformance.com/privacy.asp
866.567.2001 8am-5pm M-F / 8am-12pm Saturday Central
Search
Shop
Brands
Contact
Wish List
My Account
XSearch by Part Number, Brand, or by Year make Model, and or Part.ContactOrder StatusReceipt CopyReturnsCancel RequestWarrantyX
Order Now, Pay Later Learn More.
CURRENT BLACK FRIDAY SALES
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for LMPerformance.com
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.
We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your order or request, e.g. to ship an order (tracking information).
LMPerformance Site Reviews and Product reviews are optional, if you opt-in to do a review we will also ask if you wish to receive a follow-up email after the sale so you can complete the part and site review.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, reviews, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.
You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the contact us form on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.
When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.
You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone or via email.
OPTIONAL CLAUSES
During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. You are also able to check statues, order histories, print receipts, and crate private wish lists.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form.
To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site and is required for the website to function properly.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers).
However, we have no access to or control over these cookies. These cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. Cookies are used to track aggregate visitor information such as Users per Day and referer information.
LINKS
This web site may contains links to other sites for such items as installation instrucitons, warranty information, product information, and social websites such as facebook. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site may requests information via order surveys or contests via email.
Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information.
Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).
Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
^
Originating in 2001 the work force at Late Model Performance has maintained a noteworthy high level of customer service and has made available a multifarious selection of new performance automotive parts and appurtenances represented by some of the preeminent names in the automotive performance parts industry. The vehicles represented range from 1950 to the present date and our inventory is tremendous and is continually rejuvenated for the purpose of offering an incomparable number and multiplicity of parts to meet the customer's every need. Our 5-star service is an additional reason to shop at Late Model Performance. All of our Performance Auto Parts include FREE Shipping and of course 5-star award winning customer service. See what LM Performance looked like in 2003.
Shop|Brands|SALES|Contact|Customer Reviews|Status|Receipt|Returns|Cancel Request|My Account
© 2001 - 2020 Late Model Performance ® All Rights Reserved. (Privacy Policy)