https://www.starlink-dss.com/privacy-policy/
At Starlink Home Entertainment, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our users and visitors. The following Privacy Policy describes the information Starlink Home Entertainment. (“Starlink Home Entertainment”, “we” or “us”) may collect when you use our Starlink Home Entertainment website located at www.starlink-dss.com and how we may use that information to better serve visitors of Starlink Home Entertainment. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is governed by, the terms and conditions set forth in our Terms of Service located at www.starlink-dss.com/terms/If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.Updates to this Privacy Policy. We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Starlink Home Entertainment website at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you do not agree with the proposed changes, you should discontinue your use of Starlink Home Entertainment prior to the time the new Privacy Policy takes effect. If you continue using Starlink Home Entertainment after the new terms take effect, you will be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.Children and Minors. Protecting the privacy of young children is important to us. For that reason, Starlink Home Entertainment does not knowingly collect any information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of Starlink Home Entertainment is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access Starlink Home Entertainment at any time or in any manner. If Starlink Home Entertainment learns that information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Starlink Home Entertainment website (or in the case of California residents, information of persons under 18 years of age), then Starlink Home Entertainment reserves the right to take the appropriate steps to delete this information.Information We CollectA. Information Users Directly Provide to Starlink Home Entertainment. Starlink Home Entertainment collects information when you request information from us.B. Information Automatically Collected through Starlink Home Entertainment. Starlink Home Entertainment may also automatically collect information from you when you use the Starlink Home Entertainment website. We collect this data to help us improve Starlink Home Entertainment. The information we automatically collect through Starlink Home Entertainment includes:(i) In General: Your IP Address, Time of Visit, Browser Information and Operating System.(ii) Mobile device users: In addition, when you access Starlink Home Entertainment through your mobile device, we may be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.(iii) First party cookies: When you are on the Starlink Home Entertainment website we use cookies to keep track of your application states. Cookies are small files that take up minimal space on your computer. Cookies work by assigning a number to a user that has no meaning outside of the assigning web site, in this case, Starlink Home Entertainment. If you do not want information to be collected through the use of cookies, your browser allows you to deny or accept the use of cookies. There may, however, be some features on Starlink Home Entertainment that require the use of cookies in order to customize the delivery of information and content to you, and you may not be able to use these features if you disable cookies.C. Third Parties’ Use of Cookies and Web Beacons. Starlink Home Entertainment may include third party advertising, links to other websites, and other content from third party businesses. These third parties may use cookies and web beacons to track the actions of users online over time and across different web sites or platforms to deliver targeted electronic advertisements to an individual user. For information about how tracking works for online advertising purposes you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. In addition, some third party advertising companies may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information about the opt out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.We do not have access to or control over web beacons or cookies that third party websites may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third party websites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit.D. Do Not Track Settings. Your browser may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do not track” requests are sent to the websites that you visit. However, those technologies are not yet standardized and as a consequence we will not disable tracking technology that may be active on Starlink Home Entertainment in response to any “do not track” requests that we receive from your browser.E. Social Media Services. We may provide social media features through Starlink Home Entertainment that allow you to share information with your social networks and to interact with Starlink Home Entertainment on social media sites. If you post any comments, reviews, photos or other information on any Starlink Home Entertainment social media pages, we may display those comments, reviews, photos or information on Starlink Home Entertainment. In addition, your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these sites, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.F. Public Forums. You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information in comment areas or on a bulletin board within Starlink Home Entertainment, that information might be collected and disseminated by third parties, and, although unauthorized, result in, among other things, unsolicited inquiries, messages, and offers from third parties. Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and Starlink Home Entertainment therefore cannot control any subsequent uses by Starlink Home Entertainment users or other third parties. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your information in a comment area or on a bulletin board.Tracking TechnologiesOur collection and use of cookies will be managed in accordance with this Privacy Policy.What are Cookies?Cookies are small files of information which save and retrieve information about your visit to a website or application. They reside in your Internet browser to help remember your preferences and previous activity. For example, cookies can help an online store remember the items you’ve put into your shopping cart, or advertisers can use cookies to target ads that are most relevant to you. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu.Use of CookiesThe Starlink Home Entertainment website makes use of cookies to save and retrieve information about your visit to our website. Cookies currently used on our site identify you merely as a number.When you visit our website, the following categories of cookies may be set in your browser:Strictly Necessary cookiesThese cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around a site and use its features. Without these cookies services you have asked for cannot be provided.Performance cookiesThese cookies collect information so that we can analyse how our visitors use our site. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is anonymous and is only used to improve how our site works.Google Analytics Cookie – allow us to follow the actions of a user during your visit to our site (for more information, see Analytics cookies below).Functional cookiesThese cookies allow websites and applications to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features.We may use information collected from functional cookies to identify user behavior and to serve content based on your profile. These cookies cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. They don’t gather any information about you that could be used for advertising or remembering where you’ve been on the Internet outside our site.Analytics cookiesIn order to keep our website services relevant, easy to use and up-to-date, we use web analytics services to help us understand how people use the site.Cookies allow web analytics services to recognise your browser or device and, for example, identify whether you have visited our website before, what you have previously viewed or clicked on, and how you found us. The information is anonymous and only used for statistical purposes, and it helps us to analyse patterns of user activity and to develop a better user experience.Web analytics data and cookies cannot be used to identify you – they do not contain personal information such as your name or email address.Log FilesAs is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.We and our partners (e.g., marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics providers) use cookies or similar tracking technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.When we include content from other sites (e.g., Google Analytics etc.) these sites may also set their own cookies and we do not have access or control over these cookies. We suggest you go to the relevant third party’s website to find out more information about their cookie use. Google Analytics -http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.Analytics – Display AdvertisingStarlink Home Entertainment and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on past visits to our website. More specifically, our website has implemented and uses display advertising, and we utilize Google Analytics to implement a specific feature called remarketing. Remarketing is a feature of Google’s AdWords that allows us to optimize the delivery of ad content specifically targeted to a visitor’s interests based upon previous visits to our site. If you’d like more information about remarketing lists in Google Analytics please visit the following site – https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2611268.If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics for display advertising you may do so by using the Ads Preferences Manager.There is also a Google Analytics opt-out browser add on that you can download at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.We may partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here – http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union click here – http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/4. How We Use Your InformationA. Operating and Improving Starlink Home Entertainment. Among our primary goals in collecting information is to provide you with a customized experience when visiting Starlink Home Entertainment and to make Starlink Home Entertainment more valuable to you. We use information we collect through Starlink Home Entertainment to closely monitor which areas of Starlink Home Entertainment are used most and to determine which areas we need to focus on improving. This information is used exclusively by Starlink Home Entertainment in aggregate form so that we may continue to improve the value of the services and information on Starlink Home Entertainment for our members as a whole. We also use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer Starlink Home Entertainment. Your IP address is used to help identify you, and to gather broad demographic data.B. Contacting Users of Starlink Home Entertainment. We may also use the information we collect from users of Starlink Home Entertainment to contact and communicate with you and to respond to your communications and requests. If you provide your email address to us, we may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you, including our newsletter by email if you have opted in to receive our newsletter. If you wish to stop receiving our newsletter, please follow the instructions contained in each email you receive from us which will allow you to opt-out of receiving our newsletter. In addition, if you do not wish to receive any marketing communications from us, you can do so by contacting us or by changing the appropriate option on your user account.5. How We Share Your InformationA. No Transfers for Third Party Marketing Without Your Opt-In Request to be Included. Starlink Home Entertainment does not sell or rent user information it collects through Starlink Home Entertainment to any third parties for their own marketing purposes. In the event Starlink Home Entertainment wants to sell or rent your information to third parties for their own marketing purposes in the future, we will notify you and you will have an opportunity to affirmatively opt-in to receiving these third party marketing communications.B. Transfers to Third Parties. Starlink Home Entertainment does share your information with third parties in the following circumstances:(i) Employees, Third-Party Processors and Third-Party Service Providers. We will disclose your information to our employees, contractors, affiliates, distributors, dealers, vendors and suppliers (“Service Providers”) who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting Starlink Home Entertainment, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf.(ii) Complying with the law, Responding to Court Orders or Subpoenas, Enforcing our Terms of Service, or Protecting Our Rights or the Rights of Other Users. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties: (a) if required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order; (b) if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, to protect the property or other rights of us or other users, third parties or the public at large; (c) if we believe that you have abused Starlink Home Entertainment by using it to attack other systems or to gain unauthorized access to any other system, to engage in spamming or otherwise to violate applicable laws; or (d) to enforce our Terms of Service, comply with applicable laws or when we deem necessary to protect Starlink Home Entertainment. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law or their privacy policies.(iii) In Connection with Business Transfers or Bankruptcy. In the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us may be one of the assets transferred to third parties. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of Starlink Home Entertainment to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information will be subject to this Privacy Policy. Any information you submit or that is collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.(iv) Aggregate Information. We may share information relating to users of Starlink Home Entertainment with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an anonymous, aggregate basis. While this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.(v) DMCA Infringement Notifications. We may share your information with third parties if you submit a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Infringement Notification as described in our DMCA Policy.6. Security. The information we collect through Starlink Home Entertainment is stored within our database, and we use standard, industry-wide practices such as encryption and firewalls for protecting your information. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. We recommend that you not disclose your Starlink Home Entertainment password to anyone and that you do not post or store any information or content on Starlink Home Entertainment that you want to keep confidential.7. Revisions and Amendments. We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Starlink Home Entertainment website at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. You will be required to affirmatively accept the new Privacy Policy the first time you visit Starlink Home Entertainment and log in to your user account after the new Privacy Policy takes effect. If you do not agree to the new terms, you may terminate your account within the applicable thirty (30) day period by contacting us, and you will not be bound by the amended terms. Otherwise, the new terms will take effect after thirty (30) days.8. Use of Information Outside of Your Country of Residence. Starlink Home Entertainment is directed to users located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and you choose to use Starlink Home Entertainment or provide your information to us, your information may be transferred to, processed and maintained on servers or databases located in the United States. Your agreement to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of information through Starlink Home Entertainment represents your consent and agreement to these practices. If you do not want your information transferred to or processed or maintained in the United States, you should not use Starlink Home Entertainment.9. Special Notice to California Residents.General Notice to All California Residents. Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, also known as the “Shine the Light Law,” any users of the Site who are California residents are entitled to request and receive once a year, free of charge, a notice from us describing what categories of personal customer information (if any) we shared with third parties, including our corporate affiliates, for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. If applicable, the notice will identify the categories of information that we shared, and the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates with which we shared your information. If you are a California resident and would like to request a copy of this notice, please submit a written request via our contact form. In your request, please specify that you want a “California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least thirty (30) days for a response.For any questions please use the following form: Contact UsLeave a Comment Cancel replyCommentName * Email * Website
This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed. an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees
by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Starlink DSS (Starlink Digital Satellite Systems) is not affiliated with
STARLINK (SPACEX)© Starlink 2020 - All rights reserved.HomeSite MapTermsDisclosurePrivacyContact Us
This site uses cookies: MoreOK