https://www.mikesreelrepair.com/privacy-notice/
Home
Privacy Notice
Categories
**SALE ITEMS**
Schematics
Coleman Schematics
Coleman Coolers
Coleman Heaters
Coleman Hot Water Heaters
Coleman Lanterns
Coleman Stoves
Downrigger Schematics
Cannon Downriggers
Penn Downrigger
Scotty Downrigger
Fishfinder User Manuals
Humminbird
Fishing Reel Schematics
Accurate
Alcedo
Ambassadeur & Cardinal
Avet
Berkley
BFR British Fly Reels
Browning
Daiwa
Dam Quick
Everol
Fin-Nor
Hardy
Islander
Johnson
Lews
Misc
Mitchell
Okuma
Peetz
Penn
Quantum
Rapala
Scientific Anglers
Shakespeare & Pflueger
Shimano
Tica
Van Staal
Zebco
Trolling Motor Schematics
Minn Kota
Motorguide
Reel Tuning & Upgrades
Bearing Upgrades
Abu
Daiwa
Islander
JWYoung & Sons
Pflueger
Shimano
Drag Upgrades
Washers for ABU Reels
Washers For Daiwa Reels
Washers for Okuma Reels
Washers for Penn Reels
Washers for Qantum Reels
Washers for Shakespeare Reels
Washers for Shimano Reels
Gearing Upgrades
Handle Upgrades
Misc Bearings
Misc. Upgrades
Tuning Kits
Wormshaft Upgrades
Grease and Oil
Reel Parts
Abu Garcia Parts
Abu Sideplates
Amundson Parts
Avet Parts
BFR/Leeda Parts
Cardinal and Abu Garcia older and discontinued ...
Cortland Parts
Daiwa Parts
Daiwa D-Shock, D-Wave Parts
Daiwa Power Assist Reel Parts
Dam Quick Parts
Spare Parts
Spare Spools
Fenwick Parts
Fin-Nor Parts
Fin-Nor Conventional Parts
FIn-Nor Lever Drag Parts
Fin-Nor Spinning Parts
Fin-Nor Trolling Parts
Hardy Parts
HARDY BEARINGS
HARDY CHECKWHEELS
HARDY CLICK PAWLS
HARDY HANDLE PARTS
HARDY KNOBS & LEVERS
HARDY LATCH CAPS
HARDY LINE GUIDES
HARDY MAINTENANCE KITS
HARDY REEL SEATS
HARDY RIVET PARTS
HARDY SCREWS & NUTS
HARDY SPINDLES
HARDY SPOOLS
HARDY SPRINGS
HARDY ULTRALIGHT CC PARTS
HARDY ULTRALITE CA DD PARTS
HARDY WASHERS
Islander Parts
JW Young Parts
Lamson Parts
Martin Parts
Lews Parts
Misc
Mitchell Parts
NEWER Mitchell
OLDER Mitchell
Okuma Parts
Peetz Reel Parts
Penn Parts
Penn 722 used parts
Quantum Parts
Rapala Parts
Ross Fly Reel Parts
S/A Fly Reel Parts
Schematics - test
Shakespeare & Pflueger Parts
Shimano Parts
Older Shimano Parts
St. Croix Parts
STH Parts
Zebco Parts
Zebco 33 Parts
Rod Parts
Butt Caps
Cork Rings
Tools
Tops
Guides
Fly Rod Guides
Silicon Carbide (SiC)
Thread
Metallic Thread
Nylon Thread
Reel Seats
Epoxy & Finish
Trolling Motor Parts
Minn Kota Parts
I-Pilot, I-Pilot Link, CoPilot
Anchoring
Brushes
CoPilot
Electrical Accessories
Handle Extensions
Minn Kota Control Boards
Misc. Accessories
Motor Rebuild Kits
Prop Nuts & Kits
Props
Quick Release Brackets
Seals & Seal Kits
Switches
Talon Parts
Transom Mounting Kits
Universal Sonar
Motorguide Parts
Older Motorguide Parts
Popular Parts
Props
Rigging
Seal Kits
Wireless Series
Downriggers & Parts
Cannon Downriggers
Cannon Downrigger Parts
Cannon Accessories
Cannon Electric Downriggers
Cannon Manual Downriggers
Penn Downriggers
Accessories
Penn Downrigger Parts
Scotty Downriggers
Cables & Accessories
Scotty Downrigger Parts
FishFinders & Parts
Fishin Buddy Parts
Humminbird Fishfinders
Humminbird Parts
Humminbird Batteries and Chargers
Humminbird Cables
Humminbird Cases
Humminbird Covers
Humminbird Misc Parts
Humminbird Modules & Cables
Humminbird Mounts - Transducer
Humminbird Mounts - Unit
Humminbird PC and Software
Humminbird Speed and Temp Sensors
Humminbird Switches
Humminbird Transducers
Coleman Outdoor Products
Coleman Parts
Coleman Cooler Parts
Coleman Lantern Parts
Coleman Stove Parts
Coleman Tent Poles
Coleman Water Heater Parts
Coleman Globes
Coleman Mantles
Coleman Lanterns
Antiques
Custom Reels
Custom Reel Coloring
Custom Repairs
Knives
Reels for Sale
New Reels
Used Reels
T-Shirts 'n Reel Covers 'n Stuff
Knick Knacks and Gifts
Reel Covers
T-Shirts 'n Hats
Mac's Prop Savers
Marine Accessories
Electrical
Props
Mercury Props
Misc Stuff
Tools, DVD's & Decals etc
Fishing Related Domains
Brands
Abu Garcia (Ambassadeur)
Daiwa
Shimano
Minn Kota
Zebco, Quantum, Martin, Lews
Penn
Okuma
Shakespeare
Coleman
Cannon
View All
Privacy Notice
Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and wnat you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Does Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service Share the Information It Receives?
We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely neccessary in order to complete your transaction and order.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you provide to us for purchasing of our products or services. We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer by clicking the "log off" link located in the side menu.
Which Information Can I Access?
Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the side menu, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers, and credit card information.
Automatic Information
For security purposes Mike's Reel Repair - Fishing Reel Parts & Service sometimes collects and analyzes the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, and to our website. This is done for your protection for tracking purposes in the unfortunate event that someone gains access to your personal or financial information and opens an account, or makes purchases under your name.
Questions
Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link located at the top of this page.
Current Top Sellers
CERAMIC Pawl for Abu, Repl. PN#5176
USD $5.95
4490 C LOCK 5500C/6500C
USD $2.25
2370712 Battery for I-Pilot Link Remote
USD $10.99
Super Ported Abu Dual Ball Bearing Idler Gear Kit
USD $34.95
USD $19.95
Cannon 3392600 RELEASE PIN FOR SWIVEL BASE
USD $2.99
20090 AXLE CLIP 89-0
USD $2.01
×