https://www.rockwear.com.au/privacy-policy
We use cookies to give you the best shopping experience. Continue to the site if you are ok with this,or find out more in our PRIVACY POLICY
Accept
Account
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Rockwear Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Is Important to Us
Protecting the trust of customers and any personal information you provide to us is very important to Rock Wear International Limited (ACN 005 612 537) (“Rockwear.”). Rockwear is committed to protecting your privacy in all your dealings with us. Rockwear is bound by the Australian Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and any other relevant privacy legislation.
In carrying on business in New Zealand we are bound by the Information Privacy Principles contained in the Privacy Act 2020.
References to legislation includes any subordinate legislation, by-law, regulation, order, statutory instrument or determination made under it, any re-enactment of, or amendment to, that legislation and all legislation passed in substitution for that legislation.
Consent
By submitting your personal information to us, you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy (“Policy”).
This Policy outlines how your personal information is treated and forms part of our terms and conditions. This policy explains:
what information we collect
how we collect your information
how we use your information
how and with whom we share your information
how long we keep your information and how it is stored
how we secure your personal information
our approach to sensitive personal information
the rights you may have in relation to your personal information
how we communicate changes to this Policy
About us
This Site is operated by Retail Apparel Group Proprietary Limited (ACN 110 176 077) (“RAG”), the holding company of Rockwear. For the purposes of applicable data protection laws, RAG is the controller of the personal information collected.
The types of personal information we collect
The personal information we collect may include:
your name, contact details, billing and delivery details
details, such as gender and date of birth, as supplied by you
history of your entry into Rockwear promotions over time
history of your past purchases from Rockwear over time
details from your CV and your employment history, if you apply for a job with us
other information supplied by you - including, but not limited to photos or videos, in response to direct questions asked or when you rate and review a Rockwear product, or when you engage with us through any social media channels
How do we collect information from you?
1.	Information we collect when you visit the Rockwear website (“Site”)
We will collect personal information that you provide to us when you:
create an account on our Site
place an order through our Site
fill in forms on our Site, for example to leave feedback, enter a competition or respond to a survey; rate and review products with or without photos and/or videos
subscribe to our mailing list
We will also collect certain information automatically when you visit our Site, in particular:
when you access our Site, we use “cookies” to make it easier for you to use our Site. These cookies record data about the pages you browse and the activities you carried out during your visit. Further details about our use of cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy here
we record details of the resources that you access to visit our site (for example, URL addresses, traffic data etc.)
we record information about the type of device you have used to visit our Site, your device settings and the cause of any system errors. Your device manufacturer or operating system provider will have further details on what information your device makes available
2.	Information we collect in our stores
We will collect personal information that you provide to us in our stores when you:
ask us to provide you with an electronic receipt
subscribe to our mailing list
enter a competition or respond to a survey
3.	Information we collect when you contact us
We will collect personal information about you when you contact us by telephone, email, or via social media, or when your supply feedback or ratings and reviews.
4.	Information we collect if you apply for a job with us
You may be able to apply for a job with us through our Site, in-store or through third party websites such as LinkedIn or recruitment companies.
How we use your information
We will use your information in the following ways -
1.	For the performance of a contract between you and us:
to provide you with an account on our Site, if you choose to sign up for one
to fulfil any order that you place with us
to collect payment from you
to provide you with a receipt, if you ask us to send this to you electronically
to protect and defend our legal rights and interests
2.	Where we have a legitimate interest in using your personal information:
to administer and monitor our Site, including to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device and to allow you to participate in interactive features when you choose to
to analyse any feedback that you provide on our services and to improve our services
to administer competitions that you have entered
to review and assess any job application that you submit to us
3.	Where you have provided your consent to our use of cookies:
to remind you that you have items in your basket or that a transaction is incomplete (this is recorded through the use of a cookie file, further details about our use of cookies is set out in our Cookie Policyhere
4.	If you have consented to receive marketing information from us, we may use your information in the following ways:
we will process details of your previous transactions and contact you by email with information about goods and services similar to the merchandise you have purchased (however we never store your payment details)
if you have consented to us doing so, we will share your information internally within RAG in order to send you tailored offers or other information we believe will be of interest
if you provide your mobile telephone number and if you have consented for us to do so, we may contact you with marketing messages which have been tailored to match your preferences
You have the option to unsubscribe from our e-mails through a link at the bottom of every email we send to you.
You have an option to unsubscribe from our SMS messages by sending the word ‘STOP’ to the number specified in the SMS message or clicking on the link provided in the SMS message, or by clicking on the ‘Update Preferences’ link found at the footer of all marketing email messages from Rockwear.
If you want to change the details that you have registered online with us, or would like to amend your subscription preferences please click on the ‘Update Preferences’ link found at the footer of all marketing email messages from Rockwear. If you wish to unsubscribe altogether, please click on the ‘One-Click Unsubscribe’ link at the footer of all marketing email messages from Rockwear.
If you do not supply the personal information we request from you, we may not be able to complete your transaction, deliver your purchases, provide you with the information you have requested, accept your entry into any promotion or competition, or consider your job application.
How and with whom we share your information
We share your information with our core service providers and third party platforms as required for our business to function; for example, to Australia Post and Startrack who assist us with fulfilling deliveries and the third parties we engage to provide IT systems support.
Some of these service providers and third parties may have servers, or are located in countries other than Australia or New Zealand, including in
Asia, USA, UK and Europe.
If you choose to provide feedback on your transaction, we will share your information with Feedbackify, a third party feedback site who will capture your feedback on transactions which we use to enhance our customer service.
If you choose to provide ratings and/or reviews we will share these with Bazaarvoice, a third party ratings and reviews site who will capture your ratings, reviews, photos and videos, which we use to enhance our customer service and offering to other customers.
Your information may be processed by a third party in order to maintain the functionality of our website and database.
In the event that you add items to your basket but do not complete a transaction, Emarsys, Salesforce and/or Barilliance may automatically send you an e-mail to remind you that there are items in your basket.
Whilst you are a member of our mailing list we may share your information with trusted non-core service providers, such as marketing partners we have carefully selected to deliver incentives to participate in offers, polls, surveys, analysis or research, all of which assist us in enhancing our services. They are not permitted to use your information after you unsubscribe.
We also use services offered by Google, Facebook, Instagram and other similar social media platforms to better tailor our marketing communications and for targeted advertising. As part of this process, some personal information, such as your email address, is provided to the relevant third party, however for security purposes this data is “hashed” prior to being shared. Hashing is a process of identity masking or “pseudonymisation” which means we do not disclose your email but are able to link your social media presence and our website. Your personal information may be transmitted to countries outside of Australia, New Zealand and the European Economic Area.
Where we collect personal information in the course of carrying on business in New Zealand we will only transmit your personal information to persons in countries other than New Zealand and Australia if we believe those persons are subject to privacy laws that provide comparable safeguards to applicable legislation or those persons are required to protect the personal information in a way that provides comparable safeguards to applicable legislation.
If you would like more information about how your personal information may be transmitted, please contact Rwonline@Rockwear.com.au
We receive insights from Facebook about the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns which you experience on our website and social channels, which helps to better target our advertising.
Every external company we work with has a contract with us which clearly sets out our expectations and requirements in handling personal information and obligates them to meet the appropriate privacy legislation requirements.
How long we keep your information
We retain the information you provide for the following periods:
for as long as you subscribe to receive marketing information
in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reports and trend analysis
for as long as Rockwear is otherwise required to retain it by law
How we store your information
Your information may be processed by our employees or by the employees of our service providers or third parties, to the extent necessary to fulfil your order.
We will keep the data which we collect from you on a secure server. Any information relating to credit card details is handled by a PCI DSS compliant third party and encrypted using secure server technology. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access and require our service providers to do the same.
Where we have given you a password (or where you have chosen one) to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask that you do not share a password with anyone.
How we secure your personal information
Rockwear stores and holds Information electronically and/or in hard copy. We will take reasonable steps to store and hold your personal information in a secure and restricted manner and to protect your personal information from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure.
Access to your personal information is limited to those individuals who require such access in order to perform their duties and responsibilities. Any personal information held by a third party storage provider is done so under strict contractual obligations of confidentiality and non-disclosure.
Rockwear has the necessary technical and organisational security measures in place, as are appropriate, and these security measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk that may arise in the processing of your personal information.
Sensitive personal information from our customers
We do not seek to collect sensitive personal information (i.e. information relating to race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or other beliefs, trade union membership, physical or mental health, sexual orientation or criminal records). We ask that you do not provide such information to us.
Sensitive personal information from our employees and prospective job applicants
The special personal information relating to our employees or prospective job applicants will be safeguarded and any processing of this information will be regulated to ensure the protection thereof.
Rockwear undertakes to keep confidential all employees and prospective job applicants special personal information and limit disclosure to only those Rockwear employees and third party providers with a legitimate need to know this information or where they are required to access and process this information due to operational requirements.
Rights you may have
Rockwear will take reasonable steps to keep your personal information up-to-date, complete and accurate and may, from time to time, ask you to update your details. However we encourage you to update your own details as often as possible. To do this, simply use the login prompt at the top of the homepage of our Site, to login to your account and update your details under the “My Information” section.
You may have certain rights in relation to personal information that we hold about you. Except provided below these include the right to request access to your personal information, to request that it is erased, that its processing is restricted, or that any inaccurate personal information is rectified. You may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information (i.e. withdrawing your consent, which you can do at any time), or in some circumstances to obtain a copy of the personal information in a machine readable format (we may ask for proof of identification before supplying you with the personal information). If we deny access to your personal information, we will tell you why. You also have the right to complain about the use of your personal information to the relevant Data Protection Authority.
Where we collect your personal information in the course of carrying on business in New Zealand you have the right to request access to your personal information and the right to request that any inaccurate personal information is rectified but you do not have the other rights mentioned above.
Please contact our Privacy Manager at privacyinfo@Rockwear.com.au if you would like to make a request or if you have any privacy-related queries or complaints.
Changes to this Policy
We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Policy, and if the changes are significant, we may provide you with additional notice such as adding a statement to the homepage of the Site or sending you an email with the update.
Please check this Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Policy and practices of this site, you can contact us at rwonline@rockwear.com.au
Top
HomeNewBest SellersGiftsSaleSale TightsSale Sports BrasSale SingletsSale TopsSale PantsSale ShortsSale JacketsSale Hoodies & SweatsSale BottomsSale Active Swim2 FOR OFFERS2 for $100 Tights & Sports Bras2 for $60 Tops2 for $10 SocksTights3/4 Length7/8 & Ankle GrazerFull Length Pocket Tights Bike ShortsSports BrasHigh ImpactMedium ImpactLow ImpactMoulded SingletsActiveCasualTopsSingletsActiveCasualTeesActiveCasualJacketsActiveCasualHoodies & SweatsLong sleeve topsBottomsTights3/4 Length7/8 & Ankle Grazer Full Length Pocket TightsPantsShortsBooty ShortsRunning ShortsCasual ShortsMaternitySetsAccessoriesSocksWater BottlesHatsBagsTowelsStudio MatsUnderwearActivityYoga & StudioRunning & WalkingTraining & GymEvery Day
Help
Contact Us
FAQ
Gift Cards
Delivery Info
Returns
Size Guide
Care Guide
Update My Details
Track My Order
Get 20% Off
20% OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER!
Sign up to our newsletter to receive 20% off your first purchase! Join the #ROCKWEARNATION
SubscribeEmail address... Get 20% OFF*