https://www.survivalcenter.com/ordering_policy.html
America's Premier Preparedness Center
In Continuous Operation Since the early 1970's
Supplier of Family Preparedness, Health, and Survival Supplies
We have the knowledge and experience. Call the Experts at 1-800-321-2900
Follow us on:
Home
Contact
Online
Store
Swine Flu
Free Newsletter
About
Bird Flu, Swine Flu
Books 100's of titles
Camping Supplies
C.E.R.T. Supplies
Consultants
Gold & Silver Coins
Contact
Cook Ware
-
Stainless Steel, SS Watertank
Generators, Electric
Emergency
Kits, Survival Packs
Emergency Toilet Supplies
e-mail News Letter, International, FREE
Food Storage
Gift Certificates
Grain Mills
Kerosene Lamps, Alcohol Cook Stoves
Lindsey Williams, Author "Energy Non-Crisis"
How Do You Like the High Price of Gas?
Medical Supplies, Medical Kits, Home Remedies, Self-Help
MSM
Maps of Potential Earth Changes & Safe Areas
Nuclear, Biological, Chemical Warfare
Night Vision & Binoculars
Order Form
Planet X
2012
Solar Powered Items, Solar Electric
Specials of the Month
Always Something New
Stress Relief Kits
Super Silver Solution -NEW - Natural Antimicrobial
UnderGround Shelters Above Ground Shelters
Vaccinations -- Are They Safe?
Vitamins, Minerals & Essential Oils
Video & Book Special
Water Filters, Water Storage, Treatment
Work Shops, Classes
Ordering Information/ Privacy Policy
Your satisfaction is very important to us. That's why every item we sell is
carefully tested and inspected before we ship to you.
If you are not completely happy with your purchase from us, simply call our
customer service hotline at 360-458-6778 within 15 days and tell us. If we
are unable to solve your problem, then authorization may be given to return
the item for a full refund, less only shipping charges. Return items must be
sent to us post paid. You must obtain an RA Number and or a restocking fee may apply.
No refunds or returns on Surplus. No Refunds/Returns on Bio Filters or NBC Filters or Systems, unless manufacturer
defect -see list below.
No refunds or returns
on any books or video tapes, DVD's, maps or printed material or Night Vision unless manufacturer
defect. With the mills, mixers and other machines, manufacturer's warranties
apply. Surplus items are sold on an "as is basis", we are unable
to make any guarantees or warranties on these items. Once an item is shipped
it becomes the responsibility of the delivering carrier to deliver. If USPS
or UPS or trucking company says and verifies that a package or shipment was
delivered then any claims must be made with that delivery service. Generally
you must file the claim on the delivery end.
We will assist you if we can.
ORDERING INFORMATION: Order by mail, phone, e-mail or in person. Our toll-free
order number is 1-800-321-2900; for customer service or general information,
call 360-458-6778. If you order by mail, be sure to fill in the order form
completely; include order number and how many you want of each. If your order
requires more space, use another sheet of paper or a photo copy of the order
form. Include your phone number on all orders. Minimum order $10.00. Mail order/internet/catalog/Store
prices may vary. Due to the changing world situation, Please confirm price
and availability before ordering. All sales final.
PAYMENT: Bank Checks/Money Orders process first-personal checks add a 2 week
delay for clearing. Credit cards are accepted (V/MC). For credit card orders,
include the card number and expiration date. To avoid small order fee, charge
at least $10.00. No COD orders. Cash, gold and silver accepted at the store.
Cancelled order fees apply. If you are unsure Call us. Small order fee ( under
$10.00 ) is $10.00.
SHIPPING INFORMATION: We ship the best way possible. We use UPS, parcel post
and common carrier (truck). Please include a street address for UPS and truck
deliveries. Heavy orders (like grains) go by truck, Please call for rates to
you. Overnight and 2nd day shipping available on some items. Check with Customer
Service at 360-458-6778.
SHIPPING CHARGES: We will be happy to figure the shipping and add to your
credit card or advise you if sending a check. If dollar amount is indicated
in the S&H (shipping & handling) column, include that amount for delivery
to you. On every order, we will give you the best shipping rate that we can.
Shipping charges can be confusing, especially on orders with many items. If
you need assistance, let us know. PPD= (Prepaid Freight to you - 48 states
only).
DELIVERY TIME: To avoid delay, we have the majority of our items shipped from
our distribution centers around the country. Some items may be shipped from
various points of origin - order of priority is which warehouse has the items
and is the closest to you. Therefore, you may receive orders in multiple deliveries.
By avoiding extra shipping charges, we are able to keep down the cost of products.
Allow 2 to 4 weeks delivery time under normal conditions. If an item is back
ordered, we will ship the item as soon as possible or a refund may be requested.
DUE TO THE CHANGING WORLD SITUATION - PLEASE CONFIRM PRICE / AVAILABILITY BEFORE
ORDERING.
UNDER GROUND SHELTERS, Above Ground Anchored Shelters, & Interior Retro
Fit Shelters: have their own set of requirements and rules. Please refer to
the ordering policy etc. on each shelter page.
CANADIAN CUSTOMERS: All orders must be accompanied by a money order in U.S.
dollars or use your Visa or MasterCard. You are also responsible for any duty
fees upon delivery or if customs keeps some items. Call or write for freight
rates. Food: we do have some food items we are now shipping to Canada. Call for updated list.
We are NOT Responsible for Import &
Provincial Taxes that may be charged on Canadian Orders. This is the sole
responsibility of the customer.
OUTSIDE UNITED STATES: We ship to most points in the free world; call 360-458-6778
and ask for our overseas order desk, or write for rates, or e-mail info@survivalcenter.com
To Our Customers Outside the USA. We are happy to ship you the wonderful items
we have available however International shipments do carry a greater risk.
Generally it works out ok, however we will not be liable for any lost, stolen,
or damaged merchandise and will ship to you as long as the you assume the risk.
What does that mean? We insure all packages however if the insurance will not
pay for it or a claim is denied then we will not be responsible for the damages
or replacement. Generally the postal service has the most reasonable rates
but take the longest. Other services are available but usually cost 2-3 times
as much and are quicker. All orders outside the USA are plus shipping.
Food: Generally we cannot ship our food items outside the USA. However, we do have some food items we are now shipping to Canada. Call for updated list.
STORE PICKUP: Call ahead. Orders for pick up must be called in ahead of time
and we will advise when ready.
STORE HOURS: 10 am-6pm, Monday thru Thursday, Closed
Friday, Saturday & Sunday. Or By appointment, if these hours do not work for you.
It would be wise to call First before driving to the
store, especially if you want to pick up an order.
PHONE / MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT HOURS: Normally Monday thru Thursday 10:00am-6pm
PST; or 1:00-9pm EST.
How we protect your privacy
We use appropriate security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and
alteration of data used by our system. We use a secure server and shopping cart.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with
anyone for their promotional use without your advance permission or unless
ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to
employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending
you emails based on your request for information, and to contracted service
providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with
you. All information is kept strictly confidential.
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy was revised
and updated on February 8, 2015.
Survival Center SC
Bio Filter Policies
Revision date: April 01, 2014
Terms of Sales
Note: SC Bio Filters Systems and components, due to
the specialty nature of this item, are a NON-Returnable Item (unless mfg.
defect). All Sales final.
Payment
All orders are shipped prepaid. We, Survival
Center, (SC) accept Visa,
MasterCard, certified checks, personal and company checks (must clear before
shipment), money orders. Credit card information is accepted by telephone and
FAX, not by e-mail. The maximum credit card payment accepted is $10,000.00
(USD). Credit card payments, personal checks, and company checks are not
accepted for export orders. The quoted amount must be received by SC prior to
shipment.
Cancellations
Orders may be cancelled for refund within 48 hours of payment, unless parts
have been built or shipped. Parts assembly usually commences as soon as payment
is received. Payment refund will not include transaction fees or shipping
charges.
Stock items
Stock items are products that we normally have in stock and are usually
available for immediate shipment after payment is arranged. At times, we may be
out of stock items and will let you know at time of order.
Special order items
Special order items and large quantity orders also require payment in full before
shipping. Special order items include blast doors, blast hatches, ventilation
pipes, and some differential pressure gauges.
Back orders
If we are out of stock on an item, we may back order the item and ship it when
we have the item in stock or we may hold and ship complete - at the discretion
of the customer. The projected ship date will be given at the time of order and
you will be notified of any changes to the projected ship date.
Shipping charges
Shipping charges apply to all orders. Most orders are shipped UPS or Fed
Ex.  - except the Blast doors, hatches,
and ventilation pipes are shipped by USF Reddaway. Alternate shippers can be
arranged. Please state your preference at time of order. SC is not responsible
for refusal of delivery by carriers due to inadequate turn around room or
unsafe roads or driveways.
Export orders
Orders shipped out of the United States
that require an export license will be charged a flat rate of $175.00 per
order.
ReturnPolicy
Survival Center
or its vendors, will repair or replace any defective parts for up to one year
from the date of shipping. Beyond this date, we will gladly repair or replace
any damaged part for a reasonable cost. We have had very few returns for
defects.
Note: SC Bio Filters Systems and components, due to
the specialty nature of this item, are a NON-Returnable Item (unless mfg.
defect). All Sales final.
LimitedLiabilityWarranty
Survival Center
(SC) warrants our mechanical products against manufacturing defects for a
period of one year. This warranty is limited to repair or replacing defective
parts at our sole discretion. Mechanical parts are defined as any individual
part that does not produce or carry an electrical current at any time. SC
warrants our electrical products against manufacturing defects for a period of
one year. This warranty is limited to repair or replacing defective parts at
our sole discretion. Electrical parts are defined as any individual part that
does produce or conduct electricity.
What this warranty includes: Repair or replacement of any
item within the specified warranty time that is shown to have been manufactured
with a defect that was not apparent at time of manufacture or purchase.
What this warranty does not include: Any damage to parts
after they leave our factory. Either in shipping, assembling, or use.
What you, the purchaser, can do to protect your purchase: It is the
responsibility of the purchaser to inspect and test any and all parts
immediately after taking possession of them. This will not only protect the end
user, it will protect the purchaser in the event that warranty service is
necessary. Retain all the paperwork, especially the user manual and the invoice
for the life of the part. What you need to do in the event of a problem with
your purchase: Notify us immediately. We have the knowledge, tools, and parts
to fix your problem. Do not wait to notify us. Do not notify any of our
dealers, agents, or anyone claiming to represent SC. Contact information is at
the bottom of this document.
What we will do in the event of a problem with your purchase: We will first
try and determine the extent of the problem and what will repair it. We will
offer to ship replacement parts if we deem that the problem is easily repaired.
Do not try and repair any part without factory authorization. In the event that
replacement parts do not repair the problem, you will have to ship the parts to
the factory for testing and repair. Do not ship any parts back without prior
authorization. If you have any questions about this warranty, please contact Survival
Center.
To avoid minimum order processing fees we suggest you order be at least $10.00
- We accept Cash, Check, Money Orders & Credit Cards.
Contact Us
Order Catalog
News
Alerts
Site Map
Links
Ordering Info./Privacy Policy
Books
Stainless Steel Cookware
New! - TheWaterKey.com
Emergency
Kits
Food
Storage - Long Term
Anti-Aging & Longevity
HomeSteading
Supplies
Medical
Kits & Supplies
Planet
X - Earthchanges
Swine Flu Kits
3 DVD/Book Preparedness Home Study Course
Super
Silver Solution
Under
Ground Shelters
Water
Filters, Treatment, Storage
Disclaimer: Please note that all books,video tapes, articles, and comments are for educational purposes only. The Survival Center shall have neither liability nor responsibility to any person or entity with respect to any loss or damage caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly by this information.
The contents of this web page or web site have not been evaluated by the FDA. Nothing reported in this web page or site is intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
We reserve the right in the event of interruption of our business in whole or in part by reason of fire, flood, windstorm, earthquake, war, strike, embargo, acts of God, governmental action, shortages, or any causes beyond our control, we reserve the option of canceling undelivered orders in whole or part. Price and availability on our products is subject to change without notice. All sales final.
©Worldwide Copyright 1995 - 2014 The Survival Center™