http://www.masterwholesale.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Master Wholesale Inc. is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We provide this notice to explain the type of information we collect on the www.masterwholesale.com website (as well as sites presented by MasterWholesale.com) and how we use this information. This Policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Our Privacy Policy is available for you to review on our homepage and at every site where we have requested personally identifiable information.
The Information We Collect:
This policy applies to all information submitted on this website. You may be asked to provide personal information so that you can register for a contest, participate in a game or promotion, receive information, order a product, or fill out a survey. Your participation is voluntary and we will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our website's activities. In some instances, we may ask you questions on an aggregate basis (we don't identify you personally with the information) and such questions will be identified on the website. In all other instances, you should assume that we will track any information you provide on a personally identifiable basis. The types of personal information collected on this website includes: i) name; ii) address; iii) e-mail address; iv) phone number (optional).
The Way We Use Information:
MasterWholesale.com provides you with the opportunity to register on the site through the Prize section. Registration is required to be eligible to enter any of the MasterWholesale.com online contests. MasterWholesale.com may use the information you provide when registering to fulfill prizes.
We use return email addresses to answer the email that we receive, and we may use return email to send you other information. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose.
When you register with our website, you can elect to receive information and updates on our products and services. Information will not be used for this purpose unless you request to receive MasterWholesale.com communications.
We use information that you provide (individual and aggregate) to better design our website and to improve our marketing strategy and our products. One method through which this website collects aggregate information is the collection of IP addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you request a page from this website, our servers log your IP address. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us.
Unsubscribe/Delete
MasterWholesale.com gives users the following options for managing or removing their information from our database:
1. Send us an email: Send an email to sales@MasterWholesale.com. Be sure to include your name and clear instructions on what you would like us to do.
2. Send us mail: Send us your request via the mail. Be sure to include your name and clear instructions on what you would like us to do. Send to: Master Wholesale, Inc., P.O. Box 80844, Seattle, WA. 98108 USA.
3. We also allow you to subscribe or unsubscribe to any of the promotional email updates we send out.
Use of Cookies
Cookies are files or pieces of information that may be stored in your computer's hard drive when you visit a website. We use cookies to better tailor our site and our products to your interests and needs. Cookies may also be used to help speed up your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering the information that you have already provided to us. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during membership registration or a contest). The use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most websites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent so that you can flush them from your browser if you object to their presence.
Our Privacy Practices with Third Parties
We share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. We do not provide any identifiable personal information to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. For example, we may tell a business partner the number of men and the number of women that entered a contest, but we do not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Access by our employees and agents to your Personal Information is only on a need to know basis on the understanding that this is confidential business information.
Our intention is never to use or share personally identifiable information provided to us in ways that are different than the ways described above without also providing you with an opportunity to "unsubscribe" or prohibit such unrelated uses.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are on this website you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites that take you outside our service. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors, and partners that may use the MasterWholesale logo. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up. Check the linked site to locate its Privacy Policy which may be different from our own. If the MasterWholesale.com website links you to any third party website, MasterWholesale.com makes no representation as to the existence, sufficiency, accuracy or completeness of their Privacy Policy.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
Changes in Our Policy
We reserve the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. We will not make any changes which allow us to give personal information to a third party without obtaining permission from you first.
Your Consent To This Privacy Policy
By using this website, you signify your assent to the MasterWholesale, Inc. Company Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with any term in this Policy, please do not use this site or submit any personally identifiable information.
How to Contact Us
Should you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the collection of information, please e-mail us at: legal@masterwholesale.com
Please note: The laws and regulations in different countries impose different (and even conflicting) requirements on the Internet and data protection. We are located in the USA, as are the servers which make this site available worldwide. All matters relating to this site are governed by the laws of the State of New York in the USA. If you are located in the European Economic Area and you contact us, please note that any information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer.