http://www.wildaboutbeads.com/cgi-bin/store/page_privacy_notice.htm
Formerly in Tiverton RI
Your Bead Basket
Please continue shopping.
Checkout
/ View
Jewelry
Alex and Ani
Artist Jewelry
Born Jewels
Chamilia
Collin John Jewelry
Glitter Bandz
Jewelry Design Ideas
JoJo Bling Earrings
Lovelinks
Mark Steel Jewelry
Miss Chamilia
Sedona Vortex Beads
Stackable Rings
Swarovski Earrings
Trollbeads
Zable
Supplies
14kt Gold Filled
Animal Beads
Anti Tarnish Brass
Bails
Bali Silver
Beach Glass Beads
Chain
Chainmail Kits
Charms
Clasps
Copper
Crystal Nail File
Design Ideas
Earring Findings
End Findings
Gemstones
Kits
Kumihimo Braiding
Little Extras
New Arrivals
Other Payments
Pearls
Pewter Beads
Rosary
Seashell
Seed Beads
Sterling Silver
Swarovski
Tools
Trillusion Earrings
Wire and Stringing
Shopping
Tips
Click Here
Calendar
Enter
Your Email for discounts,
specials, notices and more!
Home
|
Store Hours & Directions
|
About
Orders
|
Contact Us
News
|
Tell a Friend
|
Calendar
|
Facebook Stream
|
FREE
Shipping Details Click Here
WildAboutBeads.com Privacy Notice
By visiting our website you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.Your name, your personal information and your credit card number are not stored on the Internet with our shopping cart system. Once you type your information, it is encrypted and sent instantly to our order processing system. We employ the latest encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to provide your personal or billing information. This is done to protect you from unauthorized use of your information.  After processing, credit card information is not stored in any manner, and cannot be viewed or retrieved even by our personnell.Privacy Policy StatementThis is the privacy policy for the WildAboutBeads.com web site.
Contact InformationOur postal address is:Wild About Beads LLC436 Main RoadTiverton, RI  02878If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please contact us by email at sales@wildaboutbeads.com or call us at 401.624.4332.
Wild About Beads has been in business since early 2001 serving hobbyists and professional crafters with high quality materials, tools, and instruction.   We strive to offer goods and services to the same standards we would expect.  We are aware of the trust you demonstrate when visiting our web site and providing your personal information.  This Privacy Notice is designed to relay our level of commitment to online security and customer service practices.  We treat your personal information with the same care and respect that we display in our business philosophy.
We do not share your email address , phone number or credit card information with any unrelated party except as necessary to process transactions that you initiate.
Changes to this Privacy Notice, and Conditions of Use:This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use may change over time and the use of information which we gather now is subject to these Notices and Terms as modified. In the event of any changes, we will update this page.  You may check this page periodically as you continue to use our site to see if any changes have been made.
ChildrenWildAboutBeads.com is a general audience web site and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children without parental consent. We do not offer any objectionable content and our site is considered safe for viewing by all ages.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to purchase or provide personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever. WildAboutBeads.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from this site.
Personal Information Collected By WildAboutBeads.com:We use information that we collect from our visitors to improve our web site and offerings. We gather the following types of information:
Information you give us: WildAboutBeads.com collects information which you enter on our web site. This information is normally provided when you search, buy, or when you communicate with us through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax. Examples of the type of information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card information, and e-mail addresse.
Automatic Information collected by us: We (or agents on our behalf) collect anonymous information from visits to our web site.   As you visit our web site, certain areas may allow us to record anonymous data about visits to or transactions made on our web site.  We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience, or customer service. No personal data is collected through these methods. Through the use of cookies, we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system and platform; purchase history; confirmation when you open e-mail that we send you; and the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site including the date and time. You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. There is also software available from third parties which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information. You are welcomed at our Web site if you use this software.  Our web site will function properly even when cookies are blocked, however you may experience problems with your shopping cart missing items you have added if you use your browsers 'back' button while cookies are blocked.Orders: If you place an order we use a secure order form which requires you to provide contact, billing, and payment information. All information obtained from you in the course of transacting orders is used for the purpose of fulfilling your order in a timely manner and for communicating the status of your order with you. At the time of ordering you may choose to begin receiving our email newsletter, or you may request to receive our newsletter any time by entering your email in the appropriate section of our web site.
Email Newsletter Subscription: If you request an email newsletter subscription, we will send you an email confirming your request. This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you changed your mind and decided not to join. Furthermore, the confirmation email will alert you if someone else had entered your email address into our email newsletter. You may also unsubscribe any time by clicking the link in your original confirmation or by clicking the unsubscribe link provided in each email.
Sharing of Information with third-parties:
Independent Contractors: At this time WildAboutBeads.com does not employ any other companies or individuals that are allowed access to our customer lists.  In the future we may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us such as analyzing customer lists and data, providing marketing assistance, or consulting services. These third parties will have access to only the information needed to perform these limited functions and are required to provide your personal information with at least the same level of protection and security as WildAboutBeads.com. Such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose. Any 3rd parties who use our data will be fully bound by this privacy policy. In no event will the data being used by any unrelated third party include your email address.
Orders: We will never share any telephone number(s), e-mail addresses, or credit card information which you have given us with any marketing partner(s) or any unrelated 3rd party.
Credit card companies and shippers: When you buy something from us we send your credit card information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, Federal Express and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase. There also may be instances in which we drop-ship orders directly to you from one of our manufacturers or suppliers. These instances will be clearly marked on our web site, along with an explanation of the specific item that may be drop shipped.  These drop-shippers are only given your name, postal address, and telephone number for the sole purpose of fulfilling your order.
Link to Third Party Site: Our Web site contains certain links to third party sites. WildAboutBeads.com is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites. Whenever you click a link that may take you away from the WildAboutBeads.com web site and to a different web site we recommend that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.
Law Enforcement and Protection of Users:To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request, subpoena or other legal process. We may also use or disclose you information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, report or collect debts owed, fight fraud or protect the rights or property of WildAboutBeads.com, our customers, our website or its users.
Business Transfer:WildAboutBeads.com has been in business since 2001 and our intent is to continue operating for many years to come. However, in the unlikely event that WildAboutBeads.com is sold, has its assets acquired or transferred, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division, individual or entity, any customer information owned or under the control of WildAboutBeads.com may be one of the transferred assets.
Security:We employ the latest encryption technology (up to 256 bit) in all areas of the site which require you to provide your personal or account information such as our online ordering checkout process. Your name, your personal information and especially your credit card number are encrypted and transmitted instantly and safely. To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full SSL support and will display a 'lock' icon during checkout.
Choice/Opt-Out:Our Web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling or emailing.
SSL Data EncryptionWildAboutBeads.com is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm our security identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, the identity of our site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any customer information requested to complete an online order and ensures that your data reaches your intended target or your browser notifies you (prior to your sending any personal information) that the potential receiving site looks suspicious and should be avoided.  If you are using a security-enabled browser (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer version 6 or greater), the information you send us regarding your purchase is encrypted, making it extremely difficult to read even if it is wrongly intercepted. At WildAboutBeads.com, we utilize industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of: potentially sensitive information such as your name and address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card number.
Items you may also be interested in:
Trollbeads - Blue Flower
Only: $31.00
40mm Beach Glass Donut Pendant
Only: $4.20
Born Jewels Swarovski Hoop Earrings - Peach
Only: $28.00
Web
Programming
& Interactivity
by
GetYourStoreOnline.com
Wild
About Beads®
Formerly of Tiverton, RI
Email: Sales@WildAboutBeads.com
Copyright 2001 - 2008 WildAboutBeads.com, Tiverton, RI. All rights
reserved. Index
Wild About Beads® is a registered trade mark of Wild About Beads LLC
Safe Shopping and Privacy
Guaranteed - Privacy
Notice
We SAVED Hundreds Each Month on Credit Card Processing - You Can Too - B2BCardPros.com