http://www.reynaulds.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Why Buy From Us | Order Status|Your Account |Wish List|Newsletter |Shopping Cart
Home : Privacy Policy
Advanced Search
Quick Links
HO Model Trains
N Model Trains
Z Model Trains
1 Gauge Model Trains
G Gauge Model Trains
HOe Gauge
HOm Gauge
TT Gauge
Narrow Gauge
Tools and Gadgets
REI Books
Catalogs
Starter Sets
Transformers
Beginners Page
Consignment Items
Reynauld's forum
Shop by Brand
REYNAULD'S EURO-IMPORTS INC. Policy Information
Information Collection and Use
Reynauld's Euro-Imports Inc.
is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not
sell, share, or rent this information to others in any way. All personal
information collected in our ordering process is kept in the strictest
confidence, and used by our company only.
Order
We request information from
the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information
(like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit
card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes
and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order,
this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data
stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.
Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information
while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply
terminates. For instance,  cookies are sometimes used in conjunction
with our shopping cart system. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still
use our site. The only drawback to this is that our shopping cart may not
work properly.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze
trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic
information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally
identifiable information.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site
requests information from users via surveys, such as at the time of check
out. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user
therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey
information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use
and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every
precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online
and off-line.
When our order form asks users
to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information
is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the
industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock
icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft
Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when
you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption
to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power
to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not
just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for
example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted
access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the
security at our website, you can send an email to info@reynaulds.com.
Email
When you place an order,
you will receive an automated email confirmation. This is to let you know
that your order was received, as well as to give you your order confirmation
number. Please take note of this number as you may need it to check the
status of your order. Occasionally (rarely) we will send out an email announcing
specials or other items of interest. If you would not like to receive these
emails, reply to us stating so. By doing so however, you may be excluded
from special sales and promotions.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our
privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users
are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use
personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated
at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information
in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the
privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Price and Description Disclaimer
Prices are subject to change at any time, we reserve the right to refuse to honor any incorrect Internet prices or description.
We cannot account for the occasional human error.
Backorder Program
Reynauld's Euro Imports realizes that there are times when certain
products are out of stock because of temporary shortages in the
distribution chain. You can now choose to have these items placed on
"backorder status" and shipped to you when they become available.
Please check the "Backorder out of stock items" box box on our online order form to choose this service. Reynauld's Euro
Imports will ship out your backordered goods for a nominal shipping and
handling fee per backorder shipment. You can also choose the "Call me to suggest a substitution"rong> box or "Substitute a similar item of our choice".
Returns/Cancellation Policies
Order Cancellations:  Reynauld's is a
small family owned business so canceling orders is very problematic.  Once we
order items from the factories they won't honor cancellations and we get stuck
with un wanted merchandise. All items ordered/purchased are Final
Sales after 15 days. Unlike most of our competitors we understand that
their my be valid reasons why an order is to be canceled.  We will allow orders
to be canceled up to 15 days but can not accept cancellations after the 15th
day.  Once we deliver an item we will not accept returns unless the merchandise
is defective. If an item is defective and needs to be returned you must contact
us first for a Return Authorization Number so that we understand the nature of
the return. We will advise whether or not a return will be accepted. Items
shipped without our authorization will not be accepted. Please
note: Once an order has been confirmed as being received by us and the
customer has provided payment information to us, we then accept this as a
purchase agreement. If the customer decides to cancel the item, either once
received or when special ordered, (i.e. item not in stock), a 15%
restocking/cancellation fee will apply. As noted in factory catalogs, we also
are not responsible for last minute changes that a manufacturer may make to an
item nor the pictures given to us by factories. We offer you the best
information and photos available at the time of ordering. In addition,
shipping/customs fees/taxes are the responsibility of the customer for
returns/cancellations and will not be refunded. Finally, all special sale
items are non-returnable/ non-refundable including software programs. Any
additional customs fees incurred as a result of not following our return
authorization instructions will be expensed to the customer.
Follow US
ServicEs & Programs
REI Blog
REI Tours
Custom Layouts & Structure Building Services
Gift Certificates
Privacy Policy
Wish List
Testimonials
Rewards Program
News Articles
Marklin AC German Era I & II Mixed Goods Train & Tank Transport Set
06-13-2018
New Fleischmann N-Scale Swiss Electric Loco with SOUND
06-13-2018
Marklin/HAG Consignment Collection & Marklin New Announcement
06-04-2018
Jagerndorfer Highly Detail N-Scale "Crocodile" locomotive with SOUND
05-31-2018
REI Models HO Scale 1900's Vienna-Nice-Cannes Orient Express Set
05-31-2018
ESU German Steam Locomotive BR94 of the DRG
10-20-2017
Piko HO Advertising Locomotives
10-20-2017
RailAd HO Advertising Locomotive
10-20-2017
ROCO HO Advertising Locomotives
10-20-2017
Jagerndorfer HO Advertising Locomotives
10-20-2017
Subscribe to our RSS Feed
©1987-2019 Reynaulds Euro-Imports, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Model Trains & Track
Marklin
Roco
Fleiscmann
Brawa
Liliput
Piko
Trix
LGB
Tillig
Bemo
Rivarossi
Jouef
AZL
Arnold
KM1
Magnorail
Structures, Scenery & Acc
Faller
Kibri
Noch
Vollmer
Preiser
RSM
Piko
Busch
MBZ
Proses
Artitec
Military Models & Acc
REI Military
Herpa Minitanks
Artitec
Artmaster
Preiser
Trident
RSM
Handmade Brass Locomotives
Micro Metakit
Fulgurex
Lematec
KM1
Books &Magazine Pulications
Eisenbahn Journal
REI Books
Tools
Riteway
Faller
Vehicles & Trucks
Herpa
Wiking
Busch
Lights, Signals, Catenary & Electronics
Viessmann
Brawa
ESU
Lenz
Proses
Customer Service
Shopping Help
My Account
Company Information
Contact Us
View Your Orders
Shipping Policy
Shopping Help
Policy Information
Beginner's Guide and Help
Login/Register
My Account
Order History/Print Invoices
About Us
Why Buy From Us
Office Hours
Employment
Site Map