http://www.zhibit.org/privacy
MenuZhibit.orgArtist?Start your website!Account Login RegisterAbout Overview Features Pricing Company Sister sites TestimonialsArtist directory Categories North America International SearchCommunity Blogs New artwork LinksHelp FAQ Safety tips Contact usPrivacy policy At Zhibit LLC, we care about protecting your privacy. We have established the following policy to explain what information we collect about you, how we use it and how we safeguard it. We may revise this policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, our collection and use practices, the features of our websites or technology. Therefore, you may want to review it periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. Information we collect The types of personally identifiable information that we collect about you include: name, address, email address, telephone number, fax number, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. Portions of our site are accessible only to persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information.
In some situations, you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and email address to send an invitation to join Zhibit.org. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, email address and telephone number.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit our site such as the type of browser you are using (e.g. FireFox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g. Windows or Mac OS), your IP address and the web page from which you came. We use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you and in order to administer and optimize and to diagnose problems with Zhibit.org.
Each time you sell through your website on Zhibit.org, PayPal sends Zhibit LLC a notification of the transaction by means of Instant Payment Notification (IPN). These notifications include details such as the names, amounts and prices of the items sold, as well as your customer's name, address and email address. We use these notifications to verify and log your transactions, maintain your inventory and email you and your buyers confirmation notices. Zhibit.org's servers will only react to transactions that originated from Zhibit.org; all other transactions are ignored and discarded.
To best protect your privacy, Zhibit LLC does not collect any of your financial information. Instead, we choose to work with PayPal - the leading online payment processor - whenever such interaction is necessary. Any financial information (e.g. credit card or bank account numbers) you enter on Zhibit.org or provide to PayPal is
handled and protected by PayPal and never stored on our servers. How we use your information We use your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the site and to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the site (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with Zhibit.org). These types of communications are known as operational communications.
We may publish publicly on our site some of your personally identifiable information for the purpose of enabling subscribers to find your content or to allow them to contact you. This may include your name, email address, telephone and fax numbers and address. We will clearly note places where such personally identifiable information is collected and how it will be displayed to other subscribers. You will always have control over what personally identifiable information is shown on an opt-in basis. We cannot be held responsible for any damages caused by the public display of any data you had uploaded to Zhibit.org.
We don't run banner ads, pop ups, pop unders, or any other kind of commercial ads. We don't share your information with third parties, engage in cross-marketing or link-referral programs with other sites, or employ tracking techniques (e.g. cookies or web beacons) for marketing purposes. We don't send you unsolicited communications for marketing purposes.
We may disclose information about our subscribers if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may also disclose information about our subscribers to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms of use, respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Zhibit LLC, our subscribers or the general public. Information collected by third-party websites On the site, we sometimes place links to other websites operated by third parties. These third parties, including Google and Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from Zhibit.org and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement, targeted ad, or other services.
Whether or not they are affiliated with us, be aware that we do not control these other websites or their business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other websites. Consequently, the operators of these other websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on our site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of Facebook, Google and those of other websites.
You may control third-party usage of your data by stipulating your choice to the Digital Advertising Alliance or by following the instructions in the guide to online behavioral advertising and online privacy (European Union). Search engines and archiving sites Search engines and other sites not affiliated with Zhibit LLC may archive or otherwise make available pages from Zhibit.org, potentially including personally identifiable information. These pages may be available even after you terminate your account with Zhibit.org. Zhibit LLC has no control over these sites and by publishing personally identifiable information on Zhibit.org you acknowledge that it may be duplicated and stored by such third-party sites. Cookies Cookies are small bits of information that our site places on the hard drive of your computer. We employ cookies for authentication and identification purposes only; the cookie itself does not contain personally identifiable information. Most browsers allow you to disable cookies. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas of our site. International transfer of data By visiting our site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that due to the international dimension of Zhibit.org, your information may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and that the country or jurisdiction in which these computer networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws in your country or jurisdiction. Security precautionsZhibit LLC has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We encrypt all of your sensitive personal information as it travels over the Internet.
This policy was last updated on or about 8/13/17Copyright © 2020, Zhibit LLC |
Terms of use | Privacy policy