http://www.mydiscountcigar.com/pages/privacy-policy
Log in
·
Create account
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY STATEMENTMy Discount Cigar respects the privacy of its customers and visitors. If you have any questions about the operation of our website, please write info@mydiscountcigar.com.Our website collects names, email addresses, and other personal information from customers and visitors only when submitted via one of our online forms, such as our subscription form, or mailing list registration form or from an approved purchase. This data is used solely by My Discount Cigar and is not shared, traded, or sold to third parties.Customers can edit their personal information by utilizing the link at the footer of any email message OR by sending an email to request account changes to info@mydiscountcigar.com.Our website also collects non-personal data through the use of server-based "session variables," which we use to achieve important site functionality, including the recognition of logged-in users and the secure passing of shopping cart information. In order to identify customers as they proceed through the check out process, our website also uses a single “cookie” (a small file stored by your browser on your hard drive); thus, online transactions require a browser that accepts “cookies.”Our web-server also records IP addresses from all visitors to our site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, to analyze trends, to track user movement, and to gather broad demographic information—all for the purpose of continually improving our website and delivering personalized, custom content. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information, and their collection is standard procedure in most web-server environments.Our website contains links to other websites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are entering another website, for which My Discount Cigar is not responsible.By using My Discount Cigar, you signify your agreement to our privacy policy as stated above. Note that this policy may be revised periodically.SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at robustoroom@gmail.com or mailing us at:MyDiscountCigar 6305 S. Geneva Cir. Englewood CO 80111
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. SECTION 4 - SHOPIFYOur store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Payment:If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service. LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.SECTION 6 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.SECTION 7 - COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.n
SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of 21.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@mydiscountcigar.com.
Main Menu
Shop
New Products
Best Sellers
Welcome
3,000 Cigars. 40-60% off.
Cigar accessories, cutters, ashtrays, and humidors at the guaranteed lowest prices.
Educated staff committed to the finest cigars at the best prices.
Newsletter
Subscribe to get special offers, free giveaways, and once-in-a-lifetime deals.
© MyDiscountCigar.com 2020
Search
About Us
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
american express
discover
master
paypal
venmo
visa
MyDiscountCigar does not sell cigars, or tobacco-related products to anyone under the age of 21. Our website does not sell cigarettes, e-cigs, or vape. If you are not of legal age, please do not enter our site.