http://www.leadinglady.com/pages/customer-service-privacy-security
Skip to content.
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Customer Service
Request a ReturnContact UsShipping & ReturnsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyVendor ConductHow to Care
Privacy & SecurityEffective January 1, 2010
This Privacy Policy Statement explains what personal information is collected through this Website, how that information is used, to whom it is disclosed and how it is safeguarded. This Policy applies only to personal information collected through the Leading Lady Website that displays this policy. By "personal information," we mean your identifying information (i.e., name, home address and email address), and possibly descriptive information (i.e., tastes and preferences) if coupled with your identifying information ("personally identifying information"). We may refer to Leading Lady as "we," "us" or "our" throughout this Privacy Policy Statement.
INFORMATION COLLECTED AND HOW IT IS USED
Personal Information
We collect personal information directly from you to do all the things typically associated with our e-commerce Website. Examples of the information we collect include name, address, telephone number, email address, personal preferences, credit card number, purchase and ordering information, demographical information and sizing information.
We use this information for:
Processing your online orders
Opening an online account at your request
Personalizing your online experience with content and offers that are tailored to your interests
Providing customer service, whether it's responding to a request or following up on an order
Notifying you of information concerning products you have purchased
Helping to protect you against fraudulent use of your personal information
Including you in surveys and contests
Facilitating networks of online social activity centered around our products and services
Enabling you to interact with third-party content service providers, whether by linking to their sites, viewing their content within our Web environment or by viewing our content within their Web environment
Marketing our products and services (e.g., by adding you to our email or print-catalog list when you make an online purchase.
Technological Information
Navigational Information
When you visit this Website, we collect navigational information, such as browser type and version, service-provider identification, IP address, the site from which you came and the site to which you navigate. Navigational information is largely anonymous in the sense that it doesn't contain your name, address, phone number, email address or other information that directly identifies you. However, we may associate this navigational information with your personal information if you provide it.
Cookies
To better understand what you do while on our site, we use a browser feature known as a cookie. A cookie is a small data file that's stored by your Web browser on your computer. It's used to do things like see how you navigate our Website, and remember you and your online purchases when you return. This helps us improve our site, provide better customer service, personalize your online experience, and personalize offers to you based on your unique tastes and purchase history.
Third-Party Service Providers
Third-party service providers help us analyze our visitor's site and purchase preferences, and may help us deliver ads to you about our products through banner ads when you visit other Websites (often referred to as "online network advertising"). The following provides more information about these service providers and the choices you have with respect to their services.
We contract with analytics companies to better understand your use of our Websites, and Web capabilities like embeddable widgets. They accomplish this by using some or all of the technologies described in Technological Information.
WEBSITE INTERACTION WITH THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT
We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services, or otherwise display third-party content. We do this for your convenience. We don't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties. And we don't control and aren't responsible for their Web practices. Whether their content appears within our Web environment (like a map frame), or you leave our Website for another site to view it, those service provider's terms, conditions and privacy policies govern your online experience (unless there's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise). Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any questions about their practices.
INFORMATION SHARED
We do not sell, rent or give away your personal information to anyone. We do supply information for the purposes of billing and shipping your order. In other words, we do get approval from the credit card company and do give the shipper your address.
Law Enforcement and Emergency Response
On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose the information we collect pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. We may also disclose that information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to protect the rights, interests and property of Leading Lady or others, and to protect the safety of customers, associates or others. This may include sharing information with other companies, attorneys, credit bureaus, agents or governmental agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection.
Sale or Merger
If ownership of all or part of Leading Lady were to change, information about customers that is pertinent to business’s operations would likely be transferred to, or licensed for use by, the new owner.
YOUR CHOICE REGARDING THE USE OF INFORAMTION WE COLLECT
Email
If, at any time, you'd like to stop future delivery of our email offers, simply follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message or complete the removal from e-mail form. This will stop future email offers from us, but won't stop operational or transactional messages such as email confirmations of your online orders, or customer service communications.
Postal Mail
If, at any time, you'd like to stop future delivery of our postal mail catalogs and offers, simply click here.
Cookies
You may always choose to block cookies or even clear cookies from your computer. Simply follow your browser's instructions on how to block and clear cookies. Note that blocking cookies may not block the "first-party" cookies that are placed on your computer when you visit this site. By first-party cookies, we mean those cookies (whether placed by us or a contractor) that help us see how visitors use our site, and enable us to deliver our ads on our site (as opposed to ads on an online advertising network of third-party Websites). Clearing cookies after each visit here will prevent observations from multiple sessions being aggregated over time. Please consider the consequences of blocking or clearing cookies. Many Websites rely on their cookies to provide you with services or features that you have requested or expect.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
This is a U.S. e-commerce site. This Privacy Policy governs the information collected at this site irrespective of where you're located when you access it, browse it, interact with it and make purchases through it (including those that are shipped to addresses outside the U.S.). This means your personal information may be stored outside of the province, state, and/or country in which you reside, and processed by us, an affiliate or a third-party service provider as described in this privacy policy. Moreover, governmental bodies that have jurisdiction (e.g., courts and law enforcement agencies) may be entitled to access your personal information.
UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may update or modify your billing and shipping-related information by logging onto Your Account.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13.
SECURING YOUR INFORMATION ON OUR SITE
This Website has the following types of security measures: limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and secure-socket-layer (SSL) certificate authentication. SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that's transmitted over the Internet. This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology. For example, Internet Explorer (version 6.0 or higher), Firefox (version 3.0 or higher), Safari (version 4 or higher), Google Chrome (version 2 or higher) and AOL (version 9 or higher).
While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
WHOM TO CONTACT WITH QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.