http://www.k2awards.com/pages/policies
Free Shipping Over $100 & Free Exchanges
Trophies
Trophies
Baseball Trophies
Soccer Trophies
Football Trophies
Golf Trophies
Build Your Own Trophy
See All Trophies
1st, 2nd, 3rd
Academic/School
Achievement
Auto
Ballet
Baseball
Basketball
Beauty Pageant
Beer Pong
Biking
Billiards
Bocce
Bowling
Business
Cars
Cheer
Coach
Cooking
Cornhole
Cross Country
Cups
Dance
Derby
Design Your Own Custom Trophy
Drama
Eagle
Education
Fantasy Football
Field Hockey
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Hockey
Karate
Lacrosse
Music
Pinewood Derby
Racing
Rugby
Soccer
Softball
Spelling Bee
Swimming
Tennis
Track
Volleyball
Weightlifting
Wrestling
View All Trophies
Medals
Medals
Baseball Medals
Softball Medals
Cheer Medals
Soccer Medals
Custom Insert Medals
See All Medals
1st, 2nd, 3rd
Academic
Achievement
Archery
Baseball
Basketball
Beer Pong
Bowling
Boy Scout
Cheer
Chess
Coach
Cornhole
Cricket
Cross Country
Custom Die Cast Medals
Dance
Dodgeball
Drama
Eagle
Fishing
Football
Girl Scouts
Golf
Gymnastics
Halloween
Hockey
Hunting
Insert
Kickball
Lacrosse
Martial Arts
Music
Pinewood Derby
Racing
Religion
Science
Skiing/Snowboarding
Soccer
Softball
Spelling Bee
Stars
Swimming
Tennis
Track
Volleyball
Weightlifting
Wrestling
Plaques
Plaques
Economy Plaques
Premium Plaques
Perpetual Plaques
Sports Plaques
Photo Plaques
See All Plaques
Economy Plaques
Perpetual Plaques
Glass Plaques
Sports Plaques
Outdoor Plaques
Photo Plaques
Plaque Plates
Premium Plaques
Trophy Cups
Business Awards
Business Awards
Crystal Awards
Glass Awards
Acrylic Awards
Plaques
Premium Crystal Awards
See All Business Awards
Crystal Awards
Glass Awards
Acrylic Awards
Plaques
Premium Crystal Awards
Full Color Awards
Custom Apparel
Custom Apparel
T-Shirts
Long Sleeve Shirts
Sweatshirts
Polo Shirts
Hats
See All Apparel
Bags & Backpacks
Jackets & Outerwear
Embroidery
Pants & Shorts
Full Color Printing
Performance
Headwear
Polo Shirts
Sweatshirts
Screen Print
Long Sleeve Shirts
Monogrammed Jackets
Personalized Gifts
866-794-4122
Shop All Categories
Shop By Activity
Employee Awards
Blowout Sales
Spiritwear
Custom Medals
Home
Policies
K2 Awards and Apparel Policies
Policy Update: effective 3/12/2020
Due to extraordinary circumstances surrounding the impacts of COVID-19 on businesses, schools and events we are indefinitely updating our return and refund policy on all sales.
DUE TO THE NATURE OF THE CUSTOMIZATION PROCESS, ALL SALES ARE FINAL AND NOT ELIGIBLE FOR RETURN OR REFUND.
While you evaluate the status of ordering for your events and ceremonies please consider the following tips to help mitigate any possible hiccups with your order:
Avoid using an event date to allow awards to still be used should your event be postponed
Explore options with a personalized plate that can be interchanged should your event be postponed or cancelled
Please contact us to determine options for the latest order dates to ensure timely delivery.
As always, we are here to help make your ordering process and your event as successful as possible. We will continue to monitor and update this policy as information becomes available.
General Return Shipping Artwork Privacy Terms Of Service
General
Satisfaction Guarantee
Despite the fact that most of our products are customized, we stand by our products. With the exception of apparel (i.e. screen printed and embroidered) full color, or laser engraved products, if you are not satisfied for any reason, return your items in resalable condition within 15 days of receipt for a full product refund or FREE replacement of merchandise equal to or lesser value of the original transaction. However, due to the processing of apparel and full color or laser engraved products we cannot accept returns unless the product differs materially from the proof or arrives damaged or arrives late. Return these products within 48 Hours for a full refund. What could be better than that?
Paying With a Purchase Order
If you would like to apply to order with an invoice or purchase order, please Log in to your account and fill out the Purchase Order Application.
Tax Exemptions
If you are ordering on behalf of a school, government agency or another type of tax-exempt organization, please Log in to your account and fill out the Tax Exemption Form.
Price Guarantee:
If you find a lower published price, we will match it and give additional savings. Even if you find a cheaper price after you’ve placed an order with K2, tell us and we will refund you the difference. Proof of lower prices must be supplied. Due to the number of factors involved in customized items, We will conduct a price comparison process to make sure all factors are equal. Prices displayed on the website are subject to change without notice. We reserve the right to cancel and refund any item that is priced inaccurately.
Bulk Discounts:
Our bulk pricing discounts are offered directly on products and subject to change without prior notification. Bulk pricing discounts are only guaranteed on website orders.
Damage Policy:
If your products arrive damaged/broken, we will send out a FREE replacement of the damaged item or an item of equal value. Just Contact Us within 48 hours of receiving your order and we will be happy to work with you.
Cancellations:
If your order has not yet left the K2 factory, we will happily cancel your order with a complete refund. If your order has already been produced and/or shipped you must return your order to receive a refund. Please refer to the Return Policy below.
Returns
Contact us within 48 hours of receiving your order.   Please fill out the K2 Merchandise Return Form and include it with your return package. Once we receive the returned items we will process your refund.  Please allow for 48 hours after the refund has processed for the funds to return to your account.
NOTE:  We do NOT refund shipping costs and Returns are subject to a return shipping fee, unless the order is flawed or arrived late. If you have any additional questions about a status of a return or refund please Contact Us.
Shipping
We offer FREE Economy and Standard Shipping on orders over $97 in the contiguous US (excludes Alaska and Hawaii). Expedited shipping options are calculated based on the size and weight of your order as well as the distance from us (Richmond, VA) to your order’s destination.
Once you confirm your address in checkout, the website will ask you when you need your order by. The site will provide the best available shipping options that will deliver on or before that date. If you see a shipping option but it is faded and you cannot select that shipping option, it is because that shipping option will not arrive by the date you selected from the calendar. If you want to choose a cheaper shipping method, be sure to choose a later date from the calendar.
We GUARANTEE on-time delivery based on the date you choose from our event calendar.  All deliveries are guaranteed to arrive by 8 pm ON this date unless delivery services (UPS, USPS or FedEx) experience inclement weather. If your event is a specific time earlier than your delivery driver typically arrived, please be sure to choose the business day before your date to make sure you have your items for your event.
NOTE: In order for you to receive your package in a timely manner, do not include P.O. Boxes in your address. If you must use a P.O. BOX, please allow 10 business days for transit time.
Shipping to APO/FPO:
We ship to APO addresses via USPS Priority Mail.  When ordering for military bases, please select the armed forces designation in the state box. During holiday periods, ground shipments make take longer.
Shipping To Canada:
Canada Customs requires Canadian recipients to pay applicable duties and taxes on each shipment entering Canada. These charges may include PST, GST, HST, duties and other taxes of goods (e.g. excise tax). A brokerage fee is also charged to process shipments and present the requisite customs paperwork to Canada Customs on the importer’s behalf. Currently, there should be no duties for the products that we export to Canada.  Brokerage fees are included in our rates for expedited shipping to Canada.
Approximate brokerage fees for Economy, Standard or Ground shipments are as follows:
Shipment Value
Approx. Brokerage Rate
Under $40
$9.00
$40 - $99
$24.30
$100 - $499
$49.35
$500 - $999
$55.75
$1,000 - 1,599
$50.05
$1,600+
$70+$6.03 per add'l $1000
Please, be aware that FEDEX will invoice you for any applicable fees after delivery.
Artwork
99% of the products offered on our website require cusomtization, some of which allow you to upload your own artwork, logo, or image. By uploading an image file to any product, you authorize that you own the right to that image or have been granted the right to have this image reproduced on any product offered on our website. Any image uploaded to this website or any artwork that we created for you or your products is subject to be used by K2 Awards for marketing and advertising purposes. K2 Awards will never sell or reproduce your artwork, logos, or images without your consent.
Artwork and Design Services:
We understand that everyone does not have a professional logo to use. We do offer design services so that your awards, gifts, and apparel can look the best! All prices advertised on the website are under pretense that you are supplying print ready artwork.  We can also make minor and adjusts and create simple logos free of charge. A complete redraw or creation of a logo may be subject to a design fee.
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your online privacy while creating an efficient and helpful web experience.  Although you are required to provide certain personal information to submit an order, know that all your data is encrypted and encoded by a secure server software before it is sent to us.
What we collect:
Contact info (name, email address, mailing address, and phone number)
Billing info (billing address, credit card number, expiration, and security code)
“Member” identifiers (username, account number, password, log-in, order history)
This information is used to:
Fulfill order quickly and efficiently
Send Email notifications to keep you informed on the status of your order
Administer and maintain your account
Respond to customer questions/concerns (communication purposes)
Email special offers with link to opt-out at any time.
Security
We use a third-party SSL, which encrypts vital information
Our website uses HTTPS – HyperText Transfer Protocol – encrypts entire site
Terms Of Service
This site is owned and operated by K2 Trophies and Awards.  All images and related information, including text, captions & descriptions, furnished by K2 Trophies and Awards are owned by K2 (and/or our licensors).  All the website’s content is protected by copyright laws, moral rights, and other property rights.  No one may link, transmit (by email, uploading, posting, redistributing), or employ software to retrieve or copy our copyrighted content and/or digitalized images. Customers are responsible for legal ownership of any logos, trademarks, and/or copyrights included with their order.  K2 does not grant permission to our customer’s to reproduce (unauthorized) copyrighted logos/trademarks.
K2 Awards and Apparel holds the right to reject any order that contains inappropriate, inflammatory, or offensive content, which is subject to the sole discretion of K2 Awards and Apparel.  In the event that the content contained within an order is deemed as inappropriate the order will be immediately canceled and payment will be refunded.
By using our website, you give K2 Awards and Apparel permission to collect information about the pages served to you as an anonymous user for the purpose of calculating aggregate site statistics.
If you are under the age of 18, you must not provide your name, email address, or any other identifying information without the consent of your parent or guardian, or as otherwise provided for by applicable law.