http://www.grooming-health.com/terms-and-conditions-of-use/#returns
Home / Terms and conditions of use
Postage and delivery
Grooming and Health despatches its standard orders with Royal Mail 2nd class post. On receipt a signature is required in most instances.
We endeavour to process and ship orders received before 4pm the same day. Order received on weekends or after 4pm will be shipped the next working day.
Please allow up to 72 hours for UK deliveries. For international deliveries depending on the postal service of the country please allow up to 14 days, although we hope it will never take that long.
Orders paid for by cheque will be shipped after cheque has cleared.
If any product ordered is not immediately available you will be informed and the order shipped as a priority as soon as it becomes available. If there are multiple items in the order the unavailable item will not delay the rest, instead in will be shipped separately at a later date.
Shipping costs
UK orders                    £0.99
Republic of Ireland       £3
European Union            £5.50
Rest of the world          £8.50
(Any customs or import duties outside of the EU are the responsibility of the customer)
Returns and Exchanges
Any damaged defective or incorrect product will be replaced or refunded and the cost of the return postage reimbursed. Please retain proof of postage.
Before returning an item please contact our customer service explaining the reason for the return, they will give you an address to return it to and a return code, please write the code on the Invoice/Delivery note.
We ask any item you are returning to be wrapped in the same packaging in which it was sent and that you enclose the Invoice/Delivery note.
If for any reason you are unhappy with your purchase you can return it to us in its original condition within 28 days from the date of order for a full refund or exchange.
If you wish to exchange or return an item you must return it to us in the condition in which it was sent to you. To qualify for a refund or exchange the product must not have any seals broken or have been used in anyway. (This does not include products that have been returned because they are damaged or defective)
Unless the item is damaged defective or incorrect the customer must bare the cost of returning the goods.
Refunds will be made with in 30 days of the goods being returned. Funds will be refunded to the account or via the method in which they came, for example credit card refunds can only be returned to the card which was used in the original transaction.
This return policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Terms and Conditions
Access to and use of this website are subject to the following terms and conditions, by using the services you are agreeing to all these terms, conditions and notices without modification. Furthermore you acknowledge that the terms of service maybe updated by us from time to time.
Grooming Health is the trading name of Neanderthal Walking Limited, a company registered in England and Wales with the registered company number 5559280.
Neanderthal Walking can be contacted in writing at 26 Lulworth, Dorset Road, London, SW8 1DR.
The website is owned and managed by Neanderthal Walking and Neanderthal Walking owns, or has a license to use all content. You are prohibited from using any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise or doing anything which may be seen to take unfair advantage of the reputation and goodwill of Neanderthal Walking or could be considered an infringement on any of the intellectual property rights owned and/or licensed by Neanderthal Walking.
Information contained within the website should be regarded as information as it does not constitute advice, it should not be relied on in making a decision or to assist in deciding on a course of action.
When making a request or purchase you undertake that all details you provide us are accurate, that it is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to these details, and you are the authorised user of the credit card or debit card. Neanderthal Walking are entitled to refuse any request or purchases made by you.
All purchases are made in pound sterling, we do our utmost to insure our foreign prices are accurate, but as foreign prices fluctuate we cannot guarantee their accuracy.
Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law Neanderthal Walking shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this website, even if Neanderthal Walking had been advised of the possibility of such damages and irrespective of whether such damages arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. You have read this disclaimer and agree to it on the basis that you agree it is reasonable.
This website contains links to other websites which are not operated by Neanderthal Walking, these website we have no control over and we except no responsibility for these sites.
Without notice to you Neanderthal Walking may at anytime suspend or terminate any part of our service.
These Terms are to be construed in accordance with English law irrespective of your place of domicile, any dispute will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
If you are located outside of the UK it is your responsibility to comply with the local laws in which jurisdiction you are under, these may include but not limited to; consumer law, export controls and regulations.
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy, any information you give us will not be disclosed or shared with any third parties unless either we are required to by law, or you request us to, example, sending a third party a product you’ve purchased for them.
We collect information about you for two reasons: to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service. All information is collected in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you wish to check or verify the details we have on our database which concern you, you can do so by contacting our customer service. Please note to do so we will request proof of identity.
We do not record or retain any credit or debit card details you give us, payments taken over the internet are handled by merchant account holders, your credit card details are never in our possession. In the case of telephone orders your credit/debit card details are destroyed as soon as the transaction you authorized has taken place.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which will be stored on your browser. You can modify your browser to prevent this happening.
When you provide us with your email you will be able to receive communications from us regarding our latest products, special offers, etc.
If you wish to opt out of our email catalogue or from receiving any of our marketing please inform us by filling in your details below. If you do however we will no longer be able to alert you to any special offers promotions, or new products and services.
Remove Email
Name:
Email:
Help & Advice
Anti Aging Advice
Beard guides
Designer Stubble
Hair Advice
Moustache guides
Nail Care Advice
safety razor and blade advice
Sex Drive Advice
Shaving
Shaving Brush Advice
shaving cream advice
shaving problems
Skin Care Advice
Smelling Good Advice
Sweeney Todd
Teeth Whitening Advice
Product CategoriesBeard / Moustache Care
Body / Shower
Bullie mens skincare
Food Supplements
Hair
Health / Fitness
Health and fitness Supplements
Men's Gifts and Presents For Him
Presents and Gifts for Men
Products for your Electric Shaver
Shaving
Skin Clinic
Skin Essentials
St James of London Shaving Products
Top Ten Grooming Products
Uncategorized
Pages
About us
Affiliate Disclosure
Ask the Expert – Questions and Feedback
Best Electric Shavers
Blog
Brands
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
Delivery
Grooming Tips Advice and Information
Legal Notice
Mens Diets and Ideal Weight
Mens Gifts
Mens Grooming & Health
Mens Sexual Health – How to increase Libido, Stamina and Vitality
Mens Skincare For Healthier Looking Skin
My Account
Privacy Policy
Secure payment
Shop
Terms and conditions of use
Testimonials
Recent Articles
History of the Beard and its Hairy Journey Through Time
How to Use Moustache Wax and Why You Need it
What is Beard Oil and Why Do You Need it
How to Grow a Beard Fast and Why You Need to become a Beardsman
How To Prevent Ingrown Hairs
Our Brands
See More Brands