http://www.acautos.com/privacy-policy/
COMPANY INFO |  | REQUEST A BROCHURE | GALLERY | CONTACT US
32 Ford Coupe
33 Ford Pinched Nose Coupe
32 Ford Roadster
34 Ford
32 Ford Sedan & Delivery
37 Ford Convertible
34/35 Chevy Standard
56/57 Corvette
34/35 Pinched Nose Roadster
33 Willys
40/41 Willys Coupe
40/41 Willys Pickup
49/50 Mercury
67 Roadster
For Sale
Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Antique & Collectible Autos35 Dole StreetBuffalo, New York 14210
Manual | Site Map  |  Privacy Policy
Website Designed and Hosted by I-Evolve Technology Services