https://www.10outof10.co.uk/privacy/
Skip to primary navigation Skip to content Skip to footer London: 020 8659 2558 | Dunstable: 01582 475614
Services
Production
Conference Services
Lighting Design
Installation
Hire
Lighting Hire
Sound Hire
Rigging
Follow Spots
Special Effects
Packages
Sales
About
Contact
INTRODUCTION
In this privacy policy, “we” and “our” relates to 10 out of 10 Productions Ltd, company number 02455157 , a company registered in England and Wales. “You” and “your” relates to the natural person reading this document that is: considering purchasing, has purchased from 10 out of 10 Productions Ltd or is making an enquiry.
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will use the personal information you supply to us in the course of submitting an order for the purpose of fulfilling that order.
Along with, or instead of, placing an order you may have sent an enquiry to us, in which we will use the information you’ve provided to respond to and answer the enquiry.
We may contact you by telephone, email or other means in relation to your order, for example: notifying you of delivery status, updating you on stock availability or informing you of changes with the order. You cannot opt out of these communications. We will never combine these communications with marketing promotions that you have a legal right to opt out of.
We may use your data for marketing purposes but will always provide a means for you to opt out. We may occasionally use the data you supplied, in our own Legitimate Interest, to send details of products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. We will never use your data in a way that conflicts with your own legal rights and interests.
If we share information with a third party, such as a payment gateway or delivery company, their use of your data will be limited to the purpose of fulfilling your order.
We will make our reasonable endeavours to ensure that all third parties treat your personal data in a legal and appropriate way.
WHAT DATA DO WE HOLD?
We hold the personal data that you supplied in the course of placing your order or enquiry.
The data normally consists of: product information, transactional information, fraud checking information, name, address, phone number, email, special delivery instructions and potentially other information to ensure the successful completion of your order.
We may hold notes of our communication with you through different channels including, but not limited to: email, live chat, CRM (Customer Relationship Management system) and phone.
We will not seek personal information from you relating to race, religion, political affiliation, trade union membership, sexual orientation, medical or genetic history and we ask you not to provide such information to us under any circumstances.
HOW WE HOLD YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will retain the personal information you supply to us in the course of submitting an order or an enquiry, for the purpose of fulfilling that order, responding to or processing that enquiry.
If you place an order, we will retain an electronic copy of your invoice data for the period required by HMRC, after which we will delete it.
Your information will be: securely stored on hardware that has limited access to only relevant persons; and on a server maintained by a third party such as a web host. Whether held by us on our hardware, or on our behalf by a third party, it will be kept secure and protected from unauthorised access using all reasonable means.
CO-OPERATING WITH LEGAL AUTHORITIES
If requested, we will pass information about you (and if relevant, your business) to legal authorities who have the legal right to demand such data.
AUTOMATED PROCESSING
We may use personal data for automated decision making; we may send you emails, notifications or other communication that are tailored to you and based on your purchasing history.
Some advertisers, particularly Facebook and Google (but there are others), are used by us and decide what advertisements to show to people based on automated processing of personal information, in order to make those advertisements as relevant as possible to the people who see them. These advertisers should provide the means for you to opt out of such personalisation.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you have engaged with us, but never placed an order, you may request the complete deletion of your details from our systems. Whether or not you have placed an order, you may request us never to contact you again, and we will comply with your request unless you make a further enquiry with us.
You have a number of rights in addition to those mentioned above, including access to the information (“the right to be informed”). If we process your data for marketing purposes on the basis of your Legitimate Interest, you have the right to object. You also have the right to withdraw your Consent to being marketed to, if you previously gave your Consent.
You have the right to see the data held about you and to receive a copy. You have the right to have any errors corrected. You have the right to ask and be told where your data came from.
You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using the details below.
You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office (ico.org.uk) if you believe any of your rights are being infringed.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact us through our contact us form, or by phone on 020 8659 2558.
Footer
News
Gallery
Privacy
T’s & C’s
copyright 10 out of 10 Productions 2018. | Web Design Edinburgh by Grow
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy