http://www.freedmanharness.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is operated by Freedman Harness Ltd, which operates the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, including processing and storing of all the data collected on or through the website.  Freedman Harness Ltd. has created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) in order to communicate the policies and practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of information about you obtained on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Freedman Harness Ltd may change or update this Privacy Policy periodically.
If you decide to use the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, or by agreeing to the FREEDMANHARNESS.com Terms and Conditions, you consent to the collection, the use and the disclosure of your information, including personal and financial information, by Freedman Harness Ltd on the terms described in the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, or any modifications thereto, please exit the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website now and do not purchase any of the Freedman Harness products offered for sale on the website.
What Information is collected on FREEDMANHARNESS.COM?
You may use the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website without providing personal information to Freedman Harness Ltd.  You will, however, need to provide certain information, including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address, as well as certain financial information (such as your charge or credit card number) if you choose to purchase products offered on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website for the purposes of paying for the products you ordered and processing your order.  Any information you provide on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website may be processed in Canada and will be stored on Freedman Harness Ltd.’s server in the U.S.
You may choose to allow Freedman Harness Ltd to store this information in the Freedman Harness customer database without taking any further step.  You may also request by sending an e-mail to Freedman Harness Ltd to delete your personal information at any time as soon as your order has been processed and delivered.
Receiving Information
Freedman Harness also provides you with the opportunity to receive information, which may be of interest to you, including information relating to Freedman Harness’ products in the U.S. and new products offered on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.  If you do not want to receive such information by e-mail, you may opt-out of further communications at any time by contacting our customer service department by e-mail at info@freedmanharness.com or by calling us within North America at 877-256-7674 (toll free number available only from within North America).
What use is made of the information you provide on FREEDMANHARNESS.com?
Freedman Harness may disclose the information you provide on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website to other companies in the Freedman Harness group, such as Freedman Harness & Saddlery Company, in order to process your order and deliver it to you.
Freedman Harness Ltd may also disclose the information you provide on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website to other companies in the Freedman Harness group, in order that such corporate affiliates may contact you with respect to information about such corporate affiliates, including products and services of such corporate affiliates that may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such information by email, you may opt our as set forth above in the section entitled “Receiving Information”.
Freedman Harness Ltd may also disclose the information you provide on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website to third parties who provide services on or to the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.  To verify your information, authenticate payments and process orders, Freedman Harness Ltd may disclose certain financial and other information you provide to Freedman Harness Ltd to third parties that provide credit reporting, payment or order fulfilment services.
Freedman Harness Ltd may disclose your information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, a subpoena or other legal process. For example, Freedman Harness Ltd may disclose such information as is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against a person or entity who may be violating the FREEDMANHARNESS.com Terms and Conditions, or who may be causing injury to, or interfering with, other users or the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website.  In the event that Freedman Harness Ltd, or one or all of the companies in the Freedman Harness group, or all or part of its or their assets, are acquired by a third party, the FREEDMANHARNESS.com customer list may be included in the transferred assets.
Please be aware that Freedman Harness Ltd does not control the policies or practices of third parties to which Freedman Harness Ltd discloses information about users of the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website and that any use or disclosure of such information by third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy; see also “Links.”
Links
The FREEDMANHARNESS.com website may contain links to other third party websites. Freedman Harness Ltd has no control over the content, policies or actions of these websites.  The use of any information you may provide to third parties on other websites, or which such parties may otherwise collect on other websites, is not governed by this Privacy Policy.  You should carefully review the privacy policies of any third party websites and contact the operators of those websites if you have any questions about their use of your information.  Freedman Harness Ltd cannot be responsible for any third party, or its affiliates or agents, failing to use you personal information in accordance with such third party’s privacy policy, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which such third party, its affiliates or agents, may be subject.
Security
Freedman Harness Ltd has implemented security measures to protect the personal information you provide against unauthorized access and use. All financial information you provide on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website is store on a secure site operated by Freedman Harness Ltd’s financial institution.  Transactions conducted on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website are protected by an SSL encrypting system.  Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by persons other than the intended recipient.
Changes and updates to Privacy Policy
By using the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.  This Privacy Policy reflects the Freedman Harness group’s current business practices, and is subject to change and update.  In the event of any such change or update, a revised policy will be posted on line on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website, with the last date of update noted on the bottom of the page.  Please check the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website periodically to remain informed of any changes or updates to the Freedman Harness group’s privacy policies and practices.  If you allow Freedman Harness Ltd to retain the personal information you provide on the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website in its customer database and Freedman Harness Ltd intends to disclose that information to third parties or affiliated companies in a manner that is now already outlined in this Privacy Policy, Freedman Harness Ltd will notify you by e-mail and provide you with an opportunity to opt out of any further use or disclosure of your personal information.
Changes and access to your personal information
You may ask Freedman Harness Ltd to correct, update or delete information you have provided to Freedman Harness and of which you allowed to registration in the Freedman Harness customer database by contacting our customer service (see “Contact us”).  If applicable, you should be sure to provide Freedman Harness Ltd with any updates and changes to your information, including any changes to your postal or e-mail address to ensure that your orders are shipped to the correct address and that we can contact you about your order if necessary.  Freedman Harness Ltd may also retain, for archival purposes, copies of communications with users of the FREEDMANHARNESS.com website and any response to questions or comments sent to users by Freedman Harness Ltd.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Freedman Harness group’s privacy policies and practices, please feel free to contact our Customer Service Department by telephone at 877-256-7674 (toll free number available only from within North America), by e-mail at info@freedmanharness.com or at Freedman Harness / 153 Bridgeland Avenue, Unit 14,Toronto, Ontario M6A 2Y6 Canada +416 256 7674
Added to cart successfully!
View Cart
Checkout
×
FROM_JS
jsprice
jsprice
FROM_JS
FROM_JS
Add to cart
Add to cart
Added
Limit Products
Wait..
...
Compare Product