https://www.penguinmagic.com/about/privacy
Like a special-effect, animate a misprinted card, & then hand it out!
https://t.co/Eod4C..
REFINE YOUR SEARCH
Magic Tricks
NEW:Bestsellers
Great Gifts
New Arrivals
Instant Downloads
DRM Downloads
Penguin LIVE
NEW:Premium Decks
NEW:Subscriptions
Top Inventors
1.Roberto Giobbi2.Nicholas Lawrence3.Takamiz Usui4.Paul Vigil5.Tony Anverdi6.Max Maven7.Paul Wilson8.Juan Tamariz9.Rick Lax10.Greg Wilson11.Mark Mason12.Dan Harlan13.Adrian Lacroix14.David Regal15.Mario The Maker16.Bob Swadling17.Tommy Wonder18.Chad Long19.Gregory Wilson20.Derek Ostovani
Categories
Close-up Tricks
Card Tricks
Money & Coin Tricks
Levitation Effects
Mentalism
Haunted Magic
Shop by Venue
Street Magic
Stand-up/Comedy
Stage Magic
Coffee Shop Magic
DVDs + Books
DVDs
Magic Books
Other Stuff
Supplies/Refills
NEW:Premium Decks
Pranks/Gags
Performance Music
Poster Store
History & Theory
Free magic tricks
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: + To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)+ To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)+ To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)+ To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.+ To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, will only be used
to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and keep track of advertisements and .Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Modify Account' page.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. http://www.penguinmagic.com3299 Monier Circle Unit ARancho Cordova, CA 95742USAsupport@penguinmagic.com800-880-2592
Bestsellers
1. AeroStatic by Ri..
12 reviews
2. Smooth by Nichol..
46 reviews
3. Backfire by R. P..
20 reviews
4. Cash Point by Ni..
6 reviews
5. Treasury by Dere..
2 reviews
6. Secret Agenda by..
7. Close-Up Illusio..
267 reviews
8. Revamp by Nichol..
16 reviews
9. Quarter Pounder ..
38 reviews
10. Super Quick Cube..
11. The Boy Who Crie..
12. CBS by Paul Vigi..
1 reviews
13. Animinimals (Gim..
14. Mario the Maker ..
16 reviews
15. Bicycle Elite Ed..
193 reviews
16. The Raven
33 reviews
17. Marked Cards
418 reviews
18. The Vault - Moti..
3 reviews
19. Peter Samelson L..
5 reviews
20. $50 in Penguin C..
3 reviews
See all bestsellers
Act Builder beta
Get To Know Us
Read more about us.
We're proud to let you read our
mail.
Feel free to contact us.
Read our privacy policy.
PENGUINMAGIC is a SECURE SITE.
Shipping and Store Policies
Check out our low Shipping Options.
Take a look at our Return Policy.
We're proud to have the strongest Shipping Guarantee
in
all of magic.
Shop with confidence thanks to our
Price Matching Policy.
Need Help?
Find Out how to pay.
View our Frequent Questions.
See a site map.
View our magic tricks
index.
Home
|
About Penguin Magic
|
The Penguin Foundation
Mail orders: Penguin Magic, 3299 Monier Circle, Unit A, Rancho Cordova, CA 95742
Call us at 800-880-2592 | International Dial: +1 707-317-6733
© 2002-2016 Penguin Magic.
All Rights Reserved.
We hope you found the magic tricks you were looking for!