http://www.marketbaskt.com/mental-health-conditions-induced-by-substance-abuse/
Substance abuses problem and mental health condition are dual diagnoses when they occur at the same time. A substance use disorder can induce a mental condition. Here are the mental disorders which can be caused by a substance disorder.
Substance- Induced Delirium
It is also known as delirium tremens; It stems from a rapid confusion of alcohol withdrawal. It occurs when a person consumes a lot of alcohol and tries to quit it abruptly and it symptoms may last for more than one day. People often see illusional things and hear voices that are not felt by others. This suggests that one needs a professional guidance before quitting alcohol.
Substance-Induced Psychotic Disorder
It the form of substance disorder where symptoms are ascribed to drug addiction, and it is also known as toxic psychosis.Psychotic disorder results from the toxins produced in the body as a result of substance abuse which affects the mind of an addict.
Substance-Induced Anxiety Disorder
Substance abuse can trigger anxiety disorders, and the symptoms are equally ominous. Its symptoms are a normal anxiety disorder; they include obsessive-compulsive disorder, phobias, panic attacks and generalized anxiety disorder. It may occur during withdrawals or the intoxication period. Symptoms should be taken seriously as substance abuse induces them.
Substance-Induced Mood Disorder
Mood disorders and depression are caused by certain over the counter prescription medicines. The reports of the substance-induced disorder are well known and have been there since the 1950s.
Hallucinogen Persisting Perceptual Disorder.
The continual presence of sensory disturbances characterizes hallucinogen persisting perception disorder. A person using drugs experiences persistent changes in attitude that are commonly visual.
Substance-Induced Sleep Disorder
In addicts, substance abuse causes sleep problems. One is likely to experience Insomnia. A person who is suffering from Insomnia lacks sleep sometimes or tends to oversleep. Substance abuse causes a variety of sleep disturbances.
Substance-Induced Persisting Dementia
The symptoms of substance induce persisting dementia are the same as those of regular dementia. The only difference is its cause. Just like a dementia patient, a person abusing substance may have trouble with personality changes, memory and other psychological or physical problems.
Treatment and handling of co-occurring disorders can be difficult and becomes a bit challenging. Unless both conditions are addressed simultaneously, treatment cannot be effective. Treating one condition cannot yield desired results, they both need to be addressed.Substance disorders cause both physical and mental to the abuser. Hence it is better to seek help in time from the right treatment center.
Previous Post Next Post
Leave a comment Cancel reply
Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *
Recent
Health Gains From Consuming Meat
Ingredients That You Should Not Find in Your Protein Powder
Water Softeners and their Benefits to Homeowners
Most common ailments that affect employees
Mental Health Conditions Induced by Substance Abuse
Reasons Why Should You Consult A Physiotherapy
Categories
Drug Abuse
Food
Food Supplement
Health
Physical Therapy
Water Softeners
Pages
About
Contact
Herbal Medicines
Privacy Policy
Terms
TagsAccident
Disorder
Fitness
Food
glucose
gluten
Health
Home Devices
Home Improvement
ingredients
Injury
Insomnia
Meat
Nutrition
Physical
Proteins
Service
steroids
Treatment
Water
Water Softener