https://www.americanvan.com/return-policy/
Home | Contact Us |Privacy Policy
Order Toll Free (800)-526-4743 (8:30am – 8:00pm EST Monday to Friday)
Shop By Vehicle
Chevy Express / GMC Savana
Ford E-Series
RAM ProMaster
Sprinter Van
Ford Transit
Dodge RAM Van
Nissan NV
Ford Transit Connect
Nissan NV200
Chevy City Express
RAM ProMaster City
Mercedes Metris
Home
/
Return Policy
Return Policy
Shipping & Delivery
Customer Service
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Exchanges and Returns
Duplicate or Unwanted Catalogs
Updating Account Information
Shipping & Delivery
Most orders ship within 48 hours. Whenever possible we ship by UPS. Heavy, bulky items are shipped by common carrier. Shipping charges are added to the total of your order during the checkout process. Our Sales Department will also quote shipping charges upon request.
Customer Service
For questions or help regarding an order you have already received or to check the shipping status of your order simply call our Customer Service Department at (800)-323-6646 Monday - Friday 8:30 AM - 8:00 PM EST., or reach us with our "Live Chat" system during regular business hours. If you have a suggestion of how we can improve our service, call the number above or email your suggestion to Joseph Fallon at jfallon@amvanequip.com. For all other inquiries you can call our Customer Service Department or email them directly with the form available by clicking here now.
Satisfaction Guaranteed
When you order from American Van, you get prompt, reliable service and access to the largest inventory of high quality van and truck equipment found anywhere in the USA.  If for any reason you are not 100% satisfied with your order or our service simply call our Customer Service Department at (800)-323-6646 to arrange for a return or exchange of any item in new and unused condition. We offer this guarantee without hesitation because we go to great lengths to supply our customers with products that don't let them or us down!
Exchanges and Returns
Items in new and unused condition and in their original unaltered packaging can be returned within 30 days of receipt for an exchange or prompt refund of the item cost, no questions asked.  Simply call our Customer Service Department at 1-800-323-6646 for a Return Authorization number and instructions for the return.  Within seven work days of our receipt and inspection of your return either your exchange item will be shipped or a refund issued to the same payment account used when the order was placed. Shipping charges incurred in returning the item are the responsibility of the Customer unless the return is the result of actions taken by American Van Equipment.
Duplicate or Unwanted Catalogs
To minimize the paper waste of mailing duplicate or unwanted catalogs, email us the "customer ID" number found in the pink box on the back of the catalog you received with "DO NOT SEND" typed into the body of the email or clip the mailing label from the undesired catalog and send it to our Circulation Dept. at the address above or fax it toll-free to 1-800-323-6646. Inasmuch as mail files can be created months in advance it may take three to four months to stop the mailing of additional catalogs.
Updating Account Information
Updating your account information couldn't be easier. Just login to your Dashboard and maintain addresses, your password, view your wish list items and your existing orders.