https://www.americanmint.com/terms-and-conditions-
GoldSilverPlatinumU.S. CurrencyCommemorativesOther ProductsAccessoriesUnique and Rare
To category Gold
Solid Gold
Gold-Layered
Half Dollar Gold Coins
Gold Coins
Gold Coins
For thousands of years, gold has been a symbol of wealth and status; today, it is considered a safe, long-term investment for everyone. Considered “the most beautiful type of gold investment,” gold coins offer a unique and...
learn more
To category Silver
Solid Silver
Silver-Plated
Silver Dollar Coins
Silver Coins
Silver Coins
One of the oldest materials used in the minting of coins, silver has long been a favorite material of both serious numismatists and casual collectors. Silver bullion coins are staples in many collections, as are silver-plated...
learn more
To category Platinum
Platinum Eagle Coins
Platinum Coins
Platinum Coins
Silvery-white platinum metal resembles white gold or silver in appearance. Often used in jewelry and industrial products, platinum is a rare precious metal that is always in high demand. From a numismatist's perspective, platinum...
learn more
To category U.S. Currency
Legal Tender Coins
Silver Eagle
Presidential Dollars
Commemorative Quarters
Uncirculated
Commemoratives
Antiques
Enhanced Legal Tender Coins
Gold-Layered
Colorized
In Keepsafe Display
Replicas
Rare
Golden
Silvered
Trials
Banknote Coins
U.S. Currencies
U.S. Coins for Sale
The United States Dollar remains a strong currency today and is one of the primary currencies used in most international transactions. U.S. currency is also popular with collectors who determine the value of a piece based on...
learn more
To category Commemoratives
Presidents
Abraham Lincoln Coins
Franklin D. Roosevelt Coins
Barack Obama Coins
Ronald Reagan Coins
Dwight D. Eisenhower Coins
Donald Trump Coins
George W. Bush Coins
George Washington Coins
Thomas Jefferson Coins
John F. Kennedy Coins
American History
U.S. Constitution Coins
Patriotic
Military
Civil War 150th Anniversary
Nostalgia/20th Century
Air, Space and Sea
Wildlife
Religious
Christian Coins
Pope Francis Coins
Foreign Coins
Ancient Coins
Coins & Commemoratives
Commemorative Coins
One of the best things about collecting coins is that it provides a lens through which you can explore a range of different subjects. Of course, you don't have to be a dedicated collector to enjoy the variety of...
learn more
To category Other Products
Knives
Pocket Knives
Bowie Knives
Themes
Falkner Knives
Deer Knives
Eagle Pocket Knives
Other
Jewelry
Collectibles
Are coins not your thing? American Mint offers a wide variety of collectible pieces, such as Knives and even fine Jewelry. Pick your favorite category and start collecting today.
learn more
To category Accessories
Collectors' Accessories
Coin Collecting Accessories
Caring for your collectibles is essential for preserving their appearance and protecting their long-term value. From genuine antique currency to organizing and maintaining your treasured collection requires...
learn more
To category Unique and Rare
Service Center
1-877-807-MINT
We´re happy to be here for you!
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT (6468)
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Friday and 10AM to 8PM on Saturday
contact@americanmint.com
About us
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Close menu
Categories
Gold
Silver
Platinum
U.S. Currency
Commemoratives
Other Products
Accessories
Unique and Rare
News
Information
Contact
Newsletter
Satisfaction Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
News from the Mint
Terms & Conditions
Complete Terms and Conditions
Please click here to read our complete Terms and Conditions.
Conclusion of an agreement
The product range displayed online does not constitute an offer. The representation is non binding and subject to change. When the customer places an order via the Internet or any other communication channel, they are signalling their readiness to conclude a sale agreement. The customer will receive confirmation by e-mail that the order has been received (confirmation of receipt of order). This confirmation of receipt of order does not represent acceptance of the offer but merely informs the customer that the order has been received. The agreement becomes effective once American Mint accepts the offer by delivering the ordered product to the customer or sending confirmation of delivery in a second e-mail (confirmation of delivery). Acceptance is subject to the proviso that the ordered goods are available. Please pay particular attention to the number of goods stated in the product information.
American Mint Collections
The majority of American Mint products are part of a larger collection. When placing an order, you have the option of receiving additional items in a collection or the option to purchase the single item only. When you select to receive future issues, the complementing items will be sent automatically to you at an approximate rate of one per month. If you prefer another interval for shipments, our customer service representatives will be happy to assist you in changing this. You are under no obligation to purchase any additional products in a collection and may cancel your participation at any time by contacting us at 1-877-807-6468.
Free Returns for 21 days
With every item, you receive free returns for 21 days. Take your time to examine each item and if you are not completely satisfied, you may return any item to us for a complete refund.
Shipping Information
American Mint charges a flat rate of $6.95 shipping and handling fee for all internet orders. 6% sales tax will be added to all PA orders.
Payment Methods
American Mint accepts Visa, Mastercard, American Express, PayPal, and Discover for orders placed through our website. If you select to participate in our collection program, all future shipments will be automatically billed to your credit card twenty-five days after the product is shipped, assuring you the twenty-one day preview period. You can also pay with Check/Money Order.
Money-Back Guarantee
We are pleased to offer a 100% money back guarantee. If you are not satisfied for any reason, you may return any purchase within twenty-one days for a full refund.
Data Security
All customer data will be handled in a trustworthy manner and will be kept in the highest confidence in accordance with the Federal Data Protection Act.
Customer Service
Our customer service representatives are available Monday through Friday to assist you. Our customer service department is open between the hours of 8:00 am and 8:00 pm EST and can be reached toll-free at 1-877-807-6468.
Viewed
Personal customer service – we´re happy to be here for you!
Do you have any questions or concerns?
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT Fax: (717)-458-9217
Hours of operation:
8am to 8pm Eastern Time Monday through Friday 10am to 8pm Eastern Time Saturday
OUR AMERICAN MINT ADVANTAGES
TRUSTED PARTNER OF AMERICAN COLLECTORS
You will benefit from our experienced staff and international trade partners: we can offer you select rarities at especially fair prices. Look forward to interesting news and special offers, and use our personal discounts to discover new collection topics and fine rarities.
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE 21-DAY RETURN POLICY
Your satisfaction is guaranteed. If you're not pleased with an item you receive, you may return it within 21 days for a full refund of the purchase price.
FREE S&H for orders over $150
Save on delivery. When you spend $150 or more, shipping and handling is on us.
X
Don't Miss Out!
Looking for gold and silver coins? Sign up for the American Mint newsletter and be the first to receive the latest deals on genuine U.S. currency and exclusive American Mint commemoratives.
First Name*
Last Name
E-Mail*
Submit
Thank you!
X
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents may request Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and do not want us to sell your personal information as explained in our Privacy Policy, please fill out and submit the form below.
Thank you!
}