http://www.displaycostume.com/privacy-policy/
Home
About Us
Costume
Party
Craft & Display
Balloons
Rentals
Banners
Coupons
Seattle
1-888-562-4810 toll free
Party@Display & Costume
PRIVACY POLICY
Party@Display & Costume has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.displaycostume.com. If at any time you find this privacy policy unacceptable, you must immediately leave this website. We respect your privacy. Any information we collect from you, including your email address, will simply be used to send you the information you have requested. We will not give or sell your personal information to any unaffiliated third party. If you give us your email and permission to send more information, you may opt out of receiving any additional email messages at any time, by unsubscribing from our email list. Information Gathering We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website by (1) identifying which parts of our site are most heavily used (2) to tailor site content to user needs and (3) to generate aggregate statistical reports. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions will be tracked, but the users will remain anonymous. You need not provide Party@Display & Costume with personally identifying information (e.g., name, telephone number, email address, city and/or state of residence) as a condition of using our site. However, your failure to provide certain personally identifying information when asked will prevent certain features of the website from functioning or will prevent Party@Display & Costume from effectively responding to certain of your requests. The website will collect only that personally identifying information that you affirmatively provide in response to a direct request. We use a tool called "Google Analytics" to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to this site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to your browser on the date of your visit, instead of your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with any personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a "cookie" on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing your return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. Please refer to your browser settings for additional information on disabling cookies or visit Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web. Third Party Sites Links within our site may connect to external sites outside of our domain as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave Party@Display & Costume site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites, and do not make any representations about them. Before visiting or providing personally identifying information to any third-party website, you should review its privacy policy and practices, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect your privacy. Copyright Unless otherwise noted, all contents of Party@Display & Costume website are copyright Party@Display & Costume. All rights reserved.
Security Party@Display & Costume has implemented and maintains reasonable security procedures and practices to protect against the unauthorized access, use, modification, destruction or disclosure of your personally-identifying information. Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Party@Display & Costume is committed to a policy of equal treatment and opportunity in every aspect of its relations with its  staff members, without regard to age, citizenship status, color, disability, marital or parental status, national origin, race, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. Contacting the Homepage If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact Party@Display & Costume Phone: 1-888-562-4810 E-mail: party@displaycostume.com
Contact us
Toll Free: 1-888-562-4810
Please call for questions, concerns, or inquiries.
FAX: (206) 368-6870 Email: party@displaycostume.com
Seattle
Directions to Seattle Store >
11201 Roosevelt Way NE Seattle, WA 98125 Phone: (206) 362-4810
Mon-Fri 10:00am - 6:00pm
Saturday 10:00am - 5:00pm
Sunday 10:00am - 4:00pm
© Copyright 2020 Display and Costume. Seattle Website Design by Bear Creek Web
PRIVACY POLICY