https://www.conservatoryheating.com/terms-and-conditions/
skip to Main Content
Menu
Buy from the UK's leading specialist in electric conservatory heating
TERMS & CONDITIONS
About Us
The www.conservatoryheating.com website is operated by: TK Distibution Ltd. Our VAT number is 941 7851 04.
Our contact details are as follows:
TK Distribution Ltd.
H1 Abbey Farm Commercial Park
Horsham St Faith
Norwich
NR10 3JU
General email: enquiries@conservatoryheating.com
Telephone number: 07876 741088
We may revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this posting. You should check this Website from time to time to review the current terms and conditions, because they are binding on you. Certain provisions of these terms and conditions may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of this Website. If you do not wish to accept any new terms and conditions after we have given notice, you should not continue to use this Website.
Making A Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on ‘Checkout’ and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
You are deemed to place an order with us by ordering via our online checkout process. As part of our checkout process you will be given the opportunity to check your order and to correct any errors. We will send you an order acknowledgement, detailing the products you have ordered.
Our acceptance of an order takes place when we despatch the order. We will send you a despatch confirmation by email. When we despatch the order the purchase contract will be made, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled your order.
We may refuse to accept an order: (a) where goods are not available; (b) where we cannot obtain authorisation for your payment; (c) if there has been a pricing or product description error; or (d) if you do not meet any eligibility criteria set out in our terms and conditions.
Shipping And Handling
For deliveries to mainland UK our delivery cost is free.
Orders are sent using Parcel Force and are delivered in accordance with their Conditions of Carriage. To view their policy please follow this link http://www.parcelforce.com/conditions-of-carriage
Please allow 72 hours before contacting us, to allow for unexpected delays.
Delivery Schedule
We will deliver your order as soon as we have the full order ready to despatch.
We will notify you by e-mail when the goods are ready to send and you should then receive them within 48 hours.
Any damages must be reported to Conservatory Heating.com within 24 hours of delivery.
Back Orders
In the event of your item being out of stock, we will place it on back order for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.
Tax Charges
Our prices include VAT at 20% – our VAT number is 941 7851 04.
Credit Card Security
To ensure credit card security and offer you peace of mind we use Sage Pay to process your card details. They are one of the UK’s leading Payment Service Providers and are recommended by all major banks.
During the checkout process you will be transfered to the Sage Pay secure pages to enter your credit card details, these details are never downloaded or stored by TK Distribution Ltd.
Sage Pay carry out a number of checks on your card and personal information helping us to stamp out online fraud.
Guarantee
In addition to any manufacturers guarantee, all of our products come with a 14 day no quibble guarantee.
You can return items for any reason, just send them back and we’ll refund the money.
Privacy Policy
TK Distribution Ltd is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors to our website at www.conservatoryheating.com. Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
Returns Policy
If you wish to cancel your order: (a) you can notify us by email to sales@conservatoryheating.com before we have despatched the goods to you; or (b) where goods have already been despatched to you, by returning goods to us.
You can return goods you have ordered from us for any reason at any time within 14 days of receipt for a full refund or exchange. The costs of returning goods to us shall be borne by you.
Upon receipt of the goods in original packaging and in a condition to resell we will give you a full refund of the amount paid or an exchange credit as required.
The rights to return the goods to us will not apply if the product has been used.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk/si/si2000/20002334.htm
Terms and Conditions for Sale of Goods
Sales through ConservatoryHeating.com are subject to TK-DISTRIBUTION LTD STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR SALE OF GOODS which should be read in conjunction with this page.
Environmental Policy
TK Distribution Ltd recognises that by carrying out our business the environment can be affected and we accept our environmental responsibilities.
Our aim is to:
– Comply with the requirements of environmental legislation and approved codes of practice
– Promote environmental good practice within our company
– Reduce pollution, emissions and waste
– Reduce the use of all raw materials, energy and supplies
– Minimise waste and recycle everything possible
– Provide customers with information on how to use products in an environmentally-sensitive way
TK Distribution Ltd will continue to make improvements to reduce the impact we have on the environment.
Recycle Now
Please do not throw electrical equipment in your bin, including items with a crossed out wheely bin symbol.
This is because:
Unwanted electrical equipment is the UKs fastest growing type of waste.
Many electrical items can be repaired or recycled, saving natural resources and the environment.
If you do not recycle electrical items they will end up in landfill where hazardous substances will leak out and cause soil and water contamination – harming wildlife and also human health.
The Waste Electrical or Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive requires countries to maximise separate collection and environmentally friendly processing of these items.
In the UK, distributors including retailers must provide a system which allows all customers buying new electrical equipment the opportunity to recycle their old items free of charge.
As a responsible retailer, we have met the requirements placed on us by offering all customers buying new electrical equipment free take-back of their old electricals on a like-for-like basis.
Unwanted items should be returned to TK Distribution Ltd at 45 Waterloo Road, Hainford, Norwich, NR10 3AX within 28 days of purchasing your new product.
Simply send your unwanted item to us and we will recycle it for free.
Alternatively you may like to take your appliance to a free recycling centre – click the following link to find one in your area.
http://www.recycle-more.co.uk/banklocator/banklocator.aspx
ConservatoryHeating.com ~ part of the TK Distribution Ltd Group of Websites, registered in England and Wales No. 06635295
Home
Radiators
Overview of Range
Sunburst Radiant Panel
Sunrise Eco – Radiant Panel
Richmond Low Level Radiator
Avant DGS Electric Radiator
Avant DGi Electric Radiator
Vitro-i Designer Heater
Controllers
Overview of Range
Smart Command Gateway
Ducasa Remote – 5-zone
7-Day Plug-In Timer
Timeguard FST77
Remote Programmer
Why Choose Us?
Overview
About Us
Ordering & Delivery
Reviews
Info
Overview
Smart Command Heating
How Many Heaters?
Production / Warranty
Heater Specifications
‘Special Offers’
View Basket
Checkout
Terms and Conditions
Back To Top×
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you