http://www.everlastinglifedecor.com/website/privacy
Satisfaction & Return Policy
Satisfied customers is my goal. I want you happy. I want you to like my arrangements and get more of them. I want you to tell your friends about Everlasting
Life Decor. I have sold to hundreds of customers. I would like to say none have been dissatisfied, but of course there have been some. I have accepted
returns and refunded money to most, but there have been three or four who were being difficult and dishonest. I found myself feeling like I needed
protection from that type, so the following satisfaction policy has evolved to protect you and me too.
On wreaths currently available on my site - if for any reason, you are not happy with a purchase, do not remove the arrangement from
the box. That way it's easy to return it for a full refund (excluding shipping charges) or exchange. Before you do, give me a call at 1-479-677-2679.
Don't worry. I don't bite.This guarantee is unconditional for 30 days. I do ask that the product be returned in new condition and in its original packaging,
still tightly attached to the box (or reattached, or packed - I can help you on this when you call), so that it will not be damaged in return shipping.
Again, email or call before making a return and get a return number. Without it, I cannot accept a return.
On custom orders - 4' wreaths will have me panting and I scratched my head over the preserved Christmas trees, figuring out how to
do them, and sometimes a customer's wish is almost an impossibility. But I relish the challenge and the 4' exercise is good for me. I truly enjoy making
custom pieces. I talk or email back and forth with you to get to know you and your desires, and then I do my utmost to please you. It is a service
I take very seriously, and it is a service - not a product. If you have something specific in mind, you need to fully describe what you are visualizing.
I'll ask you questions to get the answers I need. This helps you in your description. Together we arrive at the decisions needed for me to begin building.
Wall or door wreaths of standard size and small DOOR WREATHS - Upon first seeing your new arrangement, if you are not satisfied, I will
work to satisfy you, but please keep the arrangement tightly zip tied to the box. Then call me at 1-479-677-2679. We will then together decide what
needs to be done. A replacement, a repair, a modification, a swap, or a return. If we decide a return and refund (excluding shipping) is necessary,
having kept it tightly attached to the box will make it easy for you to ship it back to me in new condition. If you have not kept it attached to the
box, when you call, I will tell you how to make it safe for shipping. Again, email or call before making a return and get a return number. Without
it, I cannot accept a return.
On other custom orders - (Christmas trees, table vase arrangements, big DOOR WREATHS, wreaths larger than 3' or extra small wreaths, topiaries,
wedding arrangements, etc.) I'm glad to do them but cannot resell them and don't make enough profit to absorb the loss, so once I have gone and bought
the supplies to fill your custom order, the order is final. If you desire a number of small, large or odd items, and don't feel sure of the outcome,
perhaps it would be best to first order a trial item rather than making a huge purchase of many items right at first. My repeat customers are comfortable
with me, but I can understand a new client wanting to be sure before making a large order.
Call me (1-479-677-2679) if you would like to get specific information on the return policy for what you have in mind. I'll be happy to talk with you and email you the information too.
Privacy & Security
I know you like privacy as much as I do. Unless I'm notifying you of a sale, you'll not receive unsolicited email from me. Any information you give me
will not be given or sold to others. All credit card information is handled through secure transaction services. If you prefer to not enter your credit
card information online, I can take your order by phone at 1-479-677-2679.
The Gardens
My wreath making began with my love of gardening - a way to celebrate it by creating from it. Now I purchase my floral supplies,
but I still garden whenever I can.
Detailed Work
With mother nature as the first artist, I work to preserve and accentuate her original creations, and make floral designs that
are both stunning in appearance and practical to use.
No Mass Production
My arrangements are all different. I don't like repetition. I can do a matched set or a copy if you want one, but otherwise all custom arrangements are unique and one of a kind.
Meet the Artist
Sally Marshall
Owner / Designer
Everlasting Life Decor is a one woman operation. Yes, the name does carry a double meaning. It reflects both what I originally grew and offered to my customers (dried flower arrangements made from everlastings), and my own personal belief that a beautiful life goes on even after death. Nature bears witness to it, at least in the plant kingdom. My art is a reflection of and inspired by nature. Customer demand has made me offer quality silks also, but my first love is Mother Nature's own creations.
Quality Guaranteed
My floral designs are built for maximum visual impact and longevity, with every leaf, flower, vine or berry carefully chosen, preserved and placed to give you nothing but the highest of quality in floral wall decor. If you are not satisfied with a purchase, call me at 1-479-677-2679 or email me. To see my refund policy CLICK HERE.