http://www.laskey.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Coming Soon - Subscribe Now For Updates
Menu
0
NEWS
CONTACT US
Your Cart is Empty
0
0
NEWS
CONTACT US
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to laskeymouthpieces.com (“our site”). Should you continue to browse and use our site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Laskey Mouthpieces's and Backun Musical Services's relationship with you in relation to our site. If you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our site.
The term 'Laskey Mouthpieces' or 'Laskey' or ‘Backun Musical Services’ or ‘Backun’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of our site whose registered office is located at: 6750 Cariboo Road, Suite 1, Burnaby, BC, Canada V3N 4A4
The term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our site.
The use of our site is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of our site is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
This website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
In general, you may visit backunmusical.com without telling Backun who you are or revealing personal information about yourself. However, Laskey or Backun and companies providing services to or on behalf of Laskey or Backun may use various technologies, such as cookies and web beacons (1x1 pixels), to collect non-personal information discernible as a result of your visit.
We may share Non-Personal Data with other third parties. When we do so we may aggregate or de-identify the information so that a third party would not be likely to link data to you, your computer, or your device.
Social media and lead generation features and widgets may be hosted by a third party. Your interactions with these features and widgets are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Applicable data privacy laws give rights to individuals in respect of Personal Data that organizations hold about them. If you wish to request a copy of the Personal Data that we hold about you or request that we rectify, delete, or limit the processing of your Personal Data, please submit your written request via sales@laskeymouthpieces.com.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on our site for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on our site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through our site meet your specific requirements.
Our site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in our site which are not the property of, or licensed to us, are acknowledged on our site.
Unauthorized use of our site may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time, our site may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of our site and any dispute arising out of such use of our site is subject to the applicable laws within Canada.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to revise the terms and conditions by updating these Terms of Use. It is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use periodically for changes.
Laskey Mouthpieces's or Backun Musical Service's Privacy Policy as posted on our site is applicable and its terms are made a part of these Terms of Use by this reference.
Updated May, 2020
About Us
News
Let Us Help You
Contact Us
Let's Get Social
Facebook | Instagram
Never Miss a Beat
Subscribe to the Laskey Newsletter to get the latest mouthpiece updates, event information, and more.
Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions
© 2020 Laskey Mouthpieces.
All rights reserved. E/OE.