http://www.pictureline.com/pages/privacy-policy
search
Search
Shopping Cart
Log in
Create account
SHOP
RENTALS
BLOG
Products
Back
Reviews
Announcements
Updates
Comparisons
Shopping
Photography
Back
Featured
Pictureline Pros
Tutorials
Back
How I Got That Shot
Tips
Community
Back
Contests
Events
CLASSES
EVENTS
Events
Tours
SERVICES
Repairs
Sensor Cleanings
Lens Calibrations
TRADE-IN
DEALS
OUR COMPANY
HOURS & LOCATION
ABOUT US
OUR EMPLOYEES
CAREERS
TESTIMONIALS
AFFILIATE PROGRAM
PODCAST
PICTURELINE PROS
CONTESTS
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONTACT US
RETURNS
PRIVACY POLICY
SHIPPING INFORMATION
STUDENT EDU
FINANCING
CORPORATE
SHOP BY BRAND
BLOG ARCHIVE
Shopping Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close_cart
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
We pride ourselves on integrity in our business practices, and we will never share or distribute your information with any entity outside of pictureline.com. Email and other personal information gathered from you while you are visiting pictureline.com will be used for the sole purpose of delivering your transactional data and any other information requested.
Our Promise
pictureline.com does not send spam. Email is only sent out to members who have opted in on our website or in our retail store. We do not purchase or sell email lists of any kind.
pictureline.com will send out a confirmation email that contains a confirmation link when you subscribe to the newsletter.
Each email that is sent from pictureline.com will include—at or near the bottom—a link to unsubscribe from our mailing list. After entering your email address, your name and all information will be completely deleted from our database, and you will not receive ongoing communications from pictureline.com. If, however, you wish to resubscribe at any future date, you most definitely can!
What To Expect From Our Emails
pictureline.com sends out a monthly newsletter which will only be distributed to you under the following conditions:
You request to be added to the pictureline mailing list
You sign up for a product update list
You add your name manually in our retail store with a pictureline sales associate
You request tickets to a pictureline sponsored event
The monthly newsletter will contain news on new products, products updates, price changes at pictureline, and general information relating to traditional photography, digital photography, and motion picture photography.
When you place an order on pictureline.com, you will receive a confirmation of your order, confirmation of when your order ships, or emails related to any issues with your order (such as product being out of stock, etc).
pictureline does not allow access to credit card information online, but you may access / change / edit your address and contact information by going to the account login.
We hope that you enjoy our newsletter and our website! We're so glad you're here.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (NOT including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
Questions? Call Us!
1-800-748-8200
Back to top