http://www.datekcorp.com/policies
Your supplier and consultant
in the cleaning and maintenance industry.
800.438.4731
Customer Log-in
HOME ABOUT US EQUIPMENT
EQUIPMENT RENTAL EQUIPMENT REPAIRS EQUIPMENT SALES
EDUCATION VENDORS
POLICIES CONTACT US
Search
Match Anything
Product Description
Product Number
Manufacturer
Advanced Search
Full Catalog
Janitorial Supplies
ChemicalsCleaning Supplies
Cleaning Equipment
Liners
MattingPaper
Receptacles / Trash CansRestroom
Skin & Personal Care
Personal Hygiene
Skin Care
Food Service
Beverage Supply
Food
Food Service
Facilities & Grounds
Facility MaintenanceGrounds Maintenance
Lighting
Safety
Tools & Hardware
Office
Office Furniture
Office Supplies
Office Technology
Packaging
Industrial Packaging
More...
Hospitality
Miscellaneous
Policies The website policies contained on this page are specific to new ecommerce customers shopping at www.datekcorp.com and/or that do not have an established account with Datek, Inc. If you are an existing Datek customer with established credit, there are specific and exclusive policies that pertain to your account. Please contact datek@datekcorp.com or 501-945-0907 to speak with one of our customer service agents for further details. Ecommerce Datek Shipping Policies
We ship FedEx Ground or UPS on all applicable items.
Freight will be calculated after payment information has been entered but before you confirm your purchase.
Freight will be calculated as follows:
Total Order Freight Amount
$0 - $100 $15.00
$101 - $250 $25.00
$251 - $500 $35.00
$501 - $1000 $50.00
$1000 and up
$75.00
We reserve the right to modify this pricing at any time.
You will be notified if there are any changes or additional charges that need to be added to your order.
We will not process the order until you accept the changes.
Ecommerce Non-UPS or Non-FedEx Shippable Items Some items at Datek are not FedEx or UPS shippable due to either the size of the package or the chemical nature of the item(s).
If this is the case, the nearest warehouse location will deliver to you via a freight truck.
There may be a surcharge on such items which you will be notified about and that you must accept before we process the order.
For residential orders shipped by freight truck, delivery is to curbside only and not inside the home.
If you need in-home delivery, the freight company may assess additional charges.
Customers are responsible for any such charges.
Customer is also responsible for additional charges in cases of missed appointments or re-delivery.
International/Overseas Orders At this time Datek is only servicing customers in the continental United States.
Sorry Alaska and Hawaii.
Ecommerce Returns If the product arrives damaged or broken, contact us immediately either by email at datek@datekcorp.com or by phone at 501-945-0907 for instructions.
If you ordered the wrong item or simply wish to return/exchange an item, Datek reserves the right to accept or deny the return of any product.
If a return is authorized by Datek, the customer is responsible for shipping charges back to Datek.
Credit will be issued at the original invoice price less a 40% service charge, subject to an incoming inspection.
Merchandise must be returned unopened in original package with all packing and paperwork enclosed.
NOTE:
All Equipment and sheds are unfortunately not returnable.
All sales are final on all equipment and sheds.
Privacy Policy
Datek Statement of Privacy
Datek is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Datek’s website and governs data collection and usage at all Datek’s sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Datek is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described in this Statement of Privacy. Collection of your Personal Information
As an E-commerce website, Datek collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Datek is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases. Datek does not collect any information about your computer hardware and software.
Datek encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Datek so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Datek website.
Use of your Personal Information Datek and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested. It is possible that Datek may also use personal information to inform you of other products or services available from Datek and its affiliates. Datek may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Datek does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Datek may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Datek does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Datek may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Datek or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Datek, including its website; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Datek or the public.
For questions or comments regarding your privacy, please contact us at our corporate headquarters:
4007 Richards Rd
North Little Rock, AR 72117
We can be reached via e-mail at datek@datekcorp.com or you can reach us by telephone at 800.438.4731.
HomeAbout UsEquipmentEducationVendorsPoliciesContact UsSubmit Ticket
© 2015, Datek, Inc. • 4007 Richards Rd. North Little Rock, Arkansas 72117 • 501-945-0907
Mobile Version • Desktop Version