https://www.nytimes.com/privacy/california-notice
The Times and Your DataCalifornia NoticeNew York Times Privacy Company Notice for California ResidentsThis notice is part of The New York Times Company’s Privacy Policy, but it applies only to California residents. It explains some additional rights and details that were introduced by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA).The words here use the meanings given to them in the CCPA, which are often very broad. For example, the definition of “personal information” under the CCPA includes your name as well as more general information like how you navigate parts of our website.Categories of Information We CollectThis notice lists the categories of personal information we have collected through any of the Times Services in the past 12 months. Because some Times Services work differently than others, your use of the Times Services may differ from other users. This notice is likely to be overinclusive for any one person. For more information on how we obtain this information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.Identifiers — including name, address, email address, account name, IP address, cookie ID, mobile advertising ID and an ID number assigned to your account.Other personal information — including phone number, billing address, credit or debit card information, employment or education information.This category includes personal information protected under pre-existing California law (Cal. Civ. Code 1798.80(e)) and overlaps with other categories.Demographic information — including your age or gender.This type of personal information includes what is also considered a protected classification characteristic under pre-existing California or federal laws.Commercial information on your interactions with the Times Services — including purchases and other commercial engagements with The New York Times Company.Internet or other electronic network activity information — including browsing activity on our sites and apps, browser type and browser language. This also encompasses other information that gets collected automatically when you use our sites and apps or interact with us through social media.Geolocation data, inferred from your IP address, to help us deliver relevant content and enhance your experience.Professional or employment-related data — as part of our group subscriptions and when provided by you.Inferences drawn from any of the above personal information — about your preferences, predispositions and behavior as they relate to our sites and apps.The Purposes for Our CollectionThis notice offers broad information about the business and commercial purposes for which we collect the information in the categories listed above. Details about how we use the information we collect can be found in our Privacy Policy.We collect the above information for the business purpose of giving you access to our sites and apps. This information is a key part of how we carry out subscription services, account access, customer service, orders and transactions, customer research and feedback programs, analytics, advertising and marketing services.For commercial purposes, we collect information from the following categories: identifiers, demographic information, commercial information, internet activity, geolocation data (based on your IP address but not your precise GPS location), professional data and inferences.Notice of Your Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal InformationThe New York Times Company does not sell personal information of its readers as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. But “sell” under the CCPA is broadly defined. It includes the sharing of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value, even if no money changes hands. For example, sharing an advertising or device identifier to a third party may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA.To the extent The New York Times Company “sells” your personal information (as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA), you have the right to opt-out of that “sale” on a going-forward basis at any time. Loading...Once you have opted out, you will see a change to “We No Longer Sell Your Personal Information.” If you have an account with certain Times Services (specifically nytimes.com, cooking.nytimes.com, nytimes.com/crosswords, the New York Times app, the New York Times Cooking app and the New York Times Crossword app) and are logged in, we will save your preference and honor your opt-out request across browsers and devices so long as you remain logged in. If you are not logged in, or do not have an account with any Times Services listed above, your opt-out of the “sale” of personal information will be specific to the browser or device from which you have clicked “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” and until you clear your cookies (or local storage in apps) on this browser or device.If your browser or device is using a “do not track” setting, we will detect it and honor it on that specific browser or device only. If you wish to have a “do not track” experience across all of your browsers and devices, please make sure that all of your browsers and devices are set on “do not track.“After you opt out of the “sale” of your personal information, we will no longer “sell” your personal information to third parties (except in an aggregated or de-identified manner so it is no longer personal information), but we will continue to share your personal information with our service providers, which process it on our behalf. Exercising your right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information does not mean that you will stop seeing ads on our sites and apps.To opt-out of interest-based advertising as much as technically possible, go to “How Do I Manage Trackers” in our Cookie Policy. To opt out of the “sale” of your personal information from participating companies, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance website or apps. We do not control these opt-out mechanisms and are not responsible for their operation.You can designate someone else to make a request on your behalf. To protect your information, we will ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the other person to submit a request on your behalf. We will contact you to verify your identity before we respond to your authorized agent’s request.After 12 months, we may ask you if you want to opt into the “sale” of your personal information.For further information, please refer to our Privacy Policy.Right to Request Accessible Alternative FormatThis notice has been designed to be accessible to people with disabilities. If you experience difficulties accessing this notice, please contact us at privacy@nytimes.com.Right to NondiscriminationYou have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of any of your rights.