http://www.vicmart.com/privacy-statement.html
Vicmart
Search
Advanced search"Make an offer" items only
Old version
Home
Contact Us
Appraisals
COA's
Seller Admin
VicMart's marketplace is a webstore portal offering a wide selection of collectibles, antiques, antique jewelry and diamonds, military decorations and medals, as well as works of art, coins and stamps worldwide. No matter whether it's Europe, America or any other world region, VicMart provides full consignment and Seller solutions, as well as COA and Appraisal services. Welcome to VicMart's Online Store...
Categories
Jewelry (74)
Georgian jewelry (10)
Victorian jewelry (23)
Edwardian jewelry (6)
Estate jewelry (24)
Gold jewelry (0)
Silver jewelry (0)
Art Nouveau jewelry (2)
Objects of Vertu (0)
Art Deco jewelry (8)
Watches (1)
Collectible Antiques (59)
Antique-Seals (6)
Antique Jewelry (15)
Bottles (4)
Disneyania (0)
Porcelain (3)
Silverware (5)
Japan (0)
China (3)
General Antiques (16)
Snuff & Tobacco Boxes (7)
Postcards (249)
Artist Signed PCs (20)
Comic PCs (6)
Military PCs (31)
Propaganda PCs (40)
Town Views PCs (8)
Advertising PCs (13)
Maximum Cards PCs (0)
Sports PCs (15)
Real Photo PCs (4)
Aviation PCs (28)
Navy PCs (10)
Transportation PCs (2)
Animals PCs (5)
Ethnic PCs (13)
Greetings PCs (3)
Patriotic PCs (17)
Royalty PCs (11)
Erotica PCs (7)
Famous (0)
Grotesque (2)
Amusement PCs (13)
Medicine (1)
Art (10)
Paintings (1)
Sculptures (5)
Gravure Etching (2)
Drawings (2)
Militaria (546)
Badges (118)
Daggers_Knifes (0)
Medals (345)
Pre-1900 medals (52)
1900-1914 medals (59)
WWI medals (35)
1918-1938 medals (22)
WWII medals (45)
Modern medals (128)
Other medals (4)
Orders (50)
Pre-1900 orders (6)
1900-1914 orders (0)
WWI orders (8)
1918-1938 orders (0)
WWII orders (11)
Modern orders (25)
Other_awards (1)
Royal Jewelry (0)
Uniforms (6)
Misc militaria (5)
Militaria Pins (21)
Award Docs (0)
Sports (75)
Sport Medals (11)
Sport Pins (63)
Equestrian pins (0)
Football pins (1)
Olympic pins (53)
Wrestling pins (1)
Misc sport (8)
Memorabilia (1)
General Pins (40)
Philately (84)
Stamps (0)
Classics stamps (0)
Revenue stamps (0)
1900-1945 stamps (0)
Modern stamps (0)
Stamp Errors (0)
Sheets & Blocks (0)
Air Mail stamps (0)
Postage Due stamps (0)
Telegraph stamps (0)
Military stamps (0)
Other stamps (0)
Postal History (84)
Classic covers (1)
Air Mail covers (5)
Censor Mail covers (1)
Occupied Territories (17)
Postage Due covers (0)
FDC covers (0)
CTO covers (0)
Ship Mail covers (1)
Zeppelin Mail covers (2)
1900-1945 covers (0)
Modern covers (0)
Postal Receipts (0)
WWII NAVY (0)
WWI Aviation (44)
WWI NAVY (0)
WWII Aviation (9)
Other covers (4)
Other Collectibles (1)
Car Plates (1)
Playing Cards (0)
Paper (11)
Books (0)
Manuscripts (0)
Documents (2)
Autographs (3)
Certificates (0)
Newspapers (0)
Stocks & Shares (0)
Ads (2)
Banknotes (2)
Comics (1)
Bonds (0)
Letterheads (1)
Magazines (0)
Photos (4)
CDVs (0)
Stereoviews (0)
Other photos (3)
Cabinet Photos (1)
Newest
Most Popular
Recently Sold (3612)
Hall of Fame
Top 50 tags
Antique,
Army,
Art,
Austria,
Aviation,
badge,
bronze,
Bulgaria,
Bulgarian,
coin,
cover,
cross,
Deco,
Diamond,
ducat,
German,
Germany,
Gold,
Imperial,
Italy,
King,
Macedonia,
medal,
Merit,
Military,
NAVY,
NAZI,
NICE,
NOC,
Olympic,
order,
photo,
Poland,
postcard,
RARE,
Red,
ring,
Romania,
Royal,
RRR,
Russia,
Russian,
Serbia,
SILVER,
Turkey,
USSR,
Victorian,
War,
WWI,
WWII
Sponsered Ads
Home
>
Privacy Statement
VicMart.com - Privacy Statement
Overview
General
Information We Collect
Our Use of Your Information
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Security of Your Information
Miscellaneous
Overview
We care about your privacy and take special efforts to maintain your trust. This document provides a thorough description of such tools and our practices to help you understand our approaches to privacy. You should carefully read this Privacy Statement (the "Policy").
This Policy supplements the User Agreement (the "Agreement"). Thus, this Policy is incorporated into and governed by all of the terms of the Agreement. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Agreement and this Policy, the terms of this Policy shall control.
This Policy applies only to information collected on the vicmart.com web site. It does not speak about our practices for information collected elsewhere or the practices of any third parties, including those who operate sites on our behalf and that display our branding.
General
Our Core Principles. We do not sell or rent your lists of your personally identifiable information for marketing purposes. Our goal is to practice industry best efforts with respect to your privacy. We feel that trust is critically important to your use of our site and we know that in order to achieve this goal, we must ensure that all members are totally confident that their information is secure and private. Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience while using our Site. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make you experience easier and quicker.
Special Note About Children. Children are not eligible to use our services and we ask that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians. We are not responsible for minors who use their parents credit card.
Since vicmart.com is not a registration type site, we may collect information about you through cookies and IP addresses and by analyzing what URLs you came from and go to.
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your hard drive. A session cookie is only stored on your hard drive while you are actually visiting our Site, whereas a permanent cookie is stored permanently unless you delete it from your cookie file on your hard drive. Cookies are extensively used by web sites as a convenient way to store information it knows about you. Most browsers allow you to configure your preferences to notify you when cookies are being placed on your hard drive or to reject all cookies.
An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider such as AOL or Earthlink, your IP address probably varies each session-thus making it difficult for us to use your IP address (by itself) to determine who you are. When you visit the site, our server logs your IP address, which is used for, among other things, systems administration and aggregated usage reports.
Information We Collect
Registration Information. We gather only your name and shipping address after we definitively receive a payment confirmation from the CCNow server. After such a transaction proves to be completed we collect this tiny contact information for mainly for shipping purposes. We have NO way of obtaining information about your credit card details and NONE such information is seen nor stored with us.
Purchases. If you buy items offered on our Site we automatically store that information regarding the transaction or activity.
Referred Information. If you were referred to our Site from another web site, that web site may send us information that you provided to them. We will collect, use, and protect that information they provide to us, just as if you provided it to us.
Our Use of Your Information
Our Services. We primarily use your information to facilitate our services.  Amongst other purposes, this information is used by us to facilitate sales transactions and the shipping process. We will use your contact information to send you notices regarding your activity on our site.
Future Services. We also use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize our Site's content, layout and services.
Marketing. We use your information to alert you to new products, features and happenings on our Site.
Our Disclosure of Your Information
Investigations. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement, other government officials, or third parties attempting to enforce their intellectual or other property rights as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
Contractors and Third Party Service Providers. We use contractors to help with its operations. Some or all of these contractors may access the databases of user information. Usually these contractors will enter into an agreement that places restrictive provisions on their use and disclosure of all information they obtain through the relationship. We also use third party service providers to help with certain aspects of its operations that may require disclosure of your personal information to them. For example, we may use a third party service provider to serve ads or deliver some or all of the emails sent as part of the site's normal operation. We will place extensive contractual confidentiality restrictions on the ability of these third parties to use and disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform the services they are asked to perform. They are prohibited from selling or disclosing your personally identifiable information to third parties.
Security of Your Information
We make every effort and follow industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of each user's personal information. All credit card information you submit to the CCNow payment server is encrypted through secure server software (SSL). All transactions are conducted through secure servers, which are protected behind state-of-the-art firewalls. However, "absolute, 100%" security does not exist on the Internet and therefore you should not expect that your information will never be disclosed.
Miscellaneous
Other Information. You may provide us and we may receive other personally identifiable information that is not contemplated in this Policy. For example, we may receive information from another user regarding your activities. As you would expect, we will treat that information as best we can under the same principles as this Policy, and at a minimum, use the information in a commercially reasonable business manner.
Limits on Our Abilities. While it is our mission to run our service perfectly to ensure your satisfaction, technology is never perfect. We may make inadvertent uses and disclosures of your information in ways not described in this Policy. For example, if the software has a crash or a virus, your personal information could be displayed on the site. We may also make ad hoc uses of your information in ways we have not contemplated here. We will do our best to work with you if these types of situations arise, but your sole remedy in these cases is to have us try to fix the problem as soon as we possibly can.
Third Party Collection. Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are buyers on our system or other web sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Since we do not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
Register to sell
Testimonials
Leave Feedback
VicMart FAQ
Seller FAQ
Buyer FAQ
Newsletter
Type your e-mail to subscribe:
Statistics
Current number of items available:1153
For a Total of: $958364.78
Last updated:Mar 24, 2018, 5:56 pm
USD to EUR exchange rate 1.45
Last updated:Nov 07, 2007, 9:01 am
Advertise with us
Your Ads can be here!
Visit VicMart.com alliance websites:
www.bulgarianmedals.com
www.bulgarianorders.com
www.store-antique.com
www.sell-antique.com
www.shopmilitaria.com
www.militariamarket.com
www.store-collectibles.com
www.collectibles-market.com
www.BalkanAntiques.com
Click here and learn more!
Other Links
Copyright © 2001 - 2020VicMart. All Rights Reserved. Developed by Exsisto.
Seller/Buyer Regulations											 |
Privacy Statement											 |
User Agreement