https://www.pjpan.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
WORLDWIDE DELIVERY | FREE UK DELIVERY OVER £50 | EXTENDED CHRISTMAS RETURNS
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The policy: this privacy policy sets out how PJ Pan Limited uses and protects any information that you give PJ Pan Limited when you use this website.  PJ Pan Limited is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We will only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you have requested from us.  We take your privacy seriously so you can be assured that your personal information will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.  PJ Pan Limited may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2018.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact information including postal address, phone number and email address
demographic information such as postcode, gender and age
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you by email for market research purposes. We may use the information to customise the website and products according to your interests.
How long we retain the information we gather
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
to provide you with the services you have requested
to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities
to support a claim or defence in court
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificates to verify our identity to your browser and to encrypt any data you give us during the checkout process.  Whenever information is transferred between us, you can check that it is done so using SSL by looking for a closed padlock symbol or other trust mark in your browser’s URL bar or toolbar.
Information relating to your method of payment
Online orders: payment information is never taken by us or transferred to us either through our website or otherwise. Our employees and contractors never have access to it.  At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of SagePay. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.
Over the phone orders: payment information is entered directly into Sagepay's secure online payment terminal.  We never save or store your card details.
How we use cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website.
What are cookies? Cookies are small files saved to the user's computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user's interactions and usage of the website.  You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Website Visitor Tracking
This website uses tracking software to monitor its visitors behaviour on the website to better understand how they use it. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information.
Email Mailing List & Marketing Messages
We operate an email mailing list program, used to inform subscribers about our products, services and news. Users can subscribe by ticking a box during account set up and/or checkout, thereby giving their consent to receive marketing material from PJ Pan. Subscriber personal details are collected, processed, managed and stored in accordance with the regulations named in 'The policy' above. We never sell or share your information with third parties.  Subscribers can unsubscribe at any time through an automated online service, or if not available, other means as detailed in the footer of sent marketing messages. The type and content of marketing messages subscribers receive is clearly outlined at the point of subscription.
Email marketing messages may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of subscriber data relating to engagement, geographic, demographics and already stored subscriber data.
Email Review Requests
We operate a feedback system with a company called Reviews.
Customers will receive an email a set number of days after placing an order asking them to review our service and our products.
If you do not wish to receive these emails please inform us so we can remove you from the senders list.
When you receive the email you will also be able to unsubscribe from all future feedback requests by clicking on the link within the email. Customer details are stored on EU based servers with industry standard encryption. Reviews only retain customer information related to feedback requests for three months.
If a review is not left before this, the information is deleted.
Reviews will never sell or share your information with third parties.
External Website Links
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Social Media Policy & Usage
We adopt a Social Media Policy to ensure our business and our staff conduct themselves accordingly online. While we may have official profiles on social media platforms users are advised to verify authenticity of such profiles before engaging with, or sharing information with such profiles. We will never ask for user passwords or personal details on social media platforms. Users are advised to conduct themselves appropriately when engaging with us on social media.
There may be instances where our website features social sharing buttons, which help share web content directly from web pages to the respective social media platforms. You use social sharing buttons at your own discretion and accept that doing so may publish content to your social media profile feed or page.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you are happy to subscribe to our newsletter
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at enquiries@pjpan.co.uk or unsubscribing using the link in the footer of a marketing email
We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We will only use your personal information to send you PJ Pan promotional material and/or PJ Pan news.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please contact us as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at enquiries@pjpan.co.uk. This may limit the service we can provide to you.
Access to your own information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website. If you did not set up an account when you placed your order you may request this information by emailing us at enquiries@pjpan.co.uk or writing to PJ Pan Limited, The Steading, Balvarran, Enochdhu, Blairgowrie, PH10 7PA.
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear from you. However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website. We advise you to print a copy for your records. If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at enquiries@pjpan.co.ukPrivacy Policy
Contact Us
Size Guide
Delivery and Returns
Gift Wrapping
Style Details
Terms
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Programme
Loading...
© 2020 PJ Pan