http://www.stonzwear.com/pages/privacy-policy
We are experiencing delays in shipping due to COVID-19 safety measures. Learn more >>
Menu
0
Baby (0-2 yrs)
SHOES & SLIPPERS
Yale
Powell
BOOTIES
Winter Booties
APPAREL & ACCESSORIES
Baby Mittens
Sun Suits
Sun Hats
Sunglasses
Toddler & Kids (1-6 yrs)
SHOES
Shoreline
BOOTS
Winter Booties
Rain Boots
Snow Boots
All Season Boots
APPAREL & ACCESSORIES
Mittens
Rain Suits
Sun Suits & Shirts
Shorts & Skorts
Sun Hats
Sunglasses
Diaper Bag
Our Story
Sign in
Your Cart is Empty
0
0
Baby (0-2 yrs)
SHOES & SLIPPERS
Yale
Powell
BOOTIES
Winter Booties
APPAREL & ACCESSORIES
Baby Mittens
Sun Suits
Sun Hats
Sunglasses
Toddler & Kids (1-6 yrs)
SHOES
Shoreline
BOOTS
Winter Booties
Rain Boots
Snow Boots
All Season Boots
APPAREL & ACCESSORIES
Mittens
Rain Suits
Sun Suits & Shirts
Shorts & Skorts
Sun Hats
Sunglasses
Diaper Bag
Our Story
PRIVACY POLICY
Updated in May 2018
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If users disable cookies in their browser:
If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
Third-party disclosure:
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.  However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links:
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google:
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Remarketing with Google AdSense
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act:
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes on our Privacy Policy or Terms and Conditions Page.
You can change your personal information:
By emailing us
By calling us
By logging in to your account
By chatting with us or by sending us a support ticket
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act):
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices:
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email
Within 7 business days
We will notify the users via in-site notification
Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act:
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at marketing@stonzwear.com, or:
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.stonzwear.com
318-1008 Homer StreetVancouver, BC V6B 2X1Canadacustomerservice@stonzwear.com+1 604-568-6364
Last Edited on 2018-05-14
Follow
Shipping and Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Size Charts
Contact Us
Sign up to get a promo code for 10% OFF your first order and information on new releases and great content every month.
© 2020 Stonz.
American Express
Apple Pay
Google Pay
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Visa
AWARDS & PRESS
AWARDS & PRESS
Stonz as recognized through awards, by the press and as seen in the media.
AWARDS
Stonz products have received numerous awards over the years, having been tested by savvy reviewers and professionals based on value, functionality, quality and product appeal. In addition to the below, Stonz products have been recognized by Creative Child Magazine, Red Tricycle, the National Parenting Center and others.
Canadian Podiatric Medical Association Seal of Approval
Stonz Booties are certified by the Canadian Podiatric Medical Association as a product that promotes the development of young feet.
Creative Child Magazine Awards
The Stonz Sun Suit was named the 2018 Product of the Year in the Outdoor Play Apparel category, while our Baby Mitts received a 2018 Preferred Choice Award by Creative Child Magazine.
Baby Maternity Magazine Awards
Stonz Scout Winter Boots were awarded the 2018 Product of the Year award for Winter Footwear. Our Sun Suit also received the 2018 Preferred Choice Award for Sun Protection Apparel, as voted by new moms and moms-to-be.
PTPA Seal of Approval
Stonz Booties were awarded with the PTPA Seal of Approval.
Mom's Best Award
The Mom's Best Award for Fantastic Products recognizes the best of the best in juvenile products, toys and media as evaluated by moms.
iParenting Award
Stonz Baby Booties have been recognized by iParenting as a top baby product.
PRESS
Here are just some of the latest mentions of Stonz in the media.
November 2018
‘The Best Kids' Snow Boots You Can Buy’ Featuring our Trek Winter Boots. View Full Article
November 2018
‘Hacks for Those Travelling With Kids’ A segment with Mom blogger Jessica Hall. Watch Clip
November 2018
‘The Best Mittens You Can Buy’ Featuring our Baby Mitts as best mittens for babies. View Full Article
October 2018
‘Best Products for Babies and Kids’ Featuring our Toddler Booties. View Full Article
February 2018
‘36 Adorable Rain Boots for Kids’ April showers don't have to be gloomy. View Full Article
November 2017
CTV News Hour Ottawa – ‘Top Pics’
Mompreneurs share their top holiday picks for kids. Watch Clip
August 2017
‘Sun Savvy’ Stonz introduces sun-sational UPF line. View Full Article
SPOTTED IN STONZ
Some familiar faces spotted in Stonz products!
Molly Sims
Model and actress Molly Sims’ kids are having a blast in their Stonz Rain Boots!
Alec and Hilaria Baldwin
Alec and Hilaria Baldwin’s little ones are loving their Stonz gear!
Eva Chen
Eva Chen's adorable son Tao wants to share his Stonz Rain Boots with mom!
Busy Philipps
Actress Busy Philipps’ daughter is rainy day ready in her Stonz Rain Boots and Liners!
James Van Der Beek
Actor James Van Der Beek’s daughter Olivia was spotted looking rain ready in her Stonz Rain Boots!
Erika Christensen
Erika Christensen, of Parenthood fame, took her daughter for a Fall outing wearing her Polka Dot Booties!
Hilary Duff
Hilary Duff dressed her son Luca in his Blue Stonz Rain Boots. We love those smiling faces!
Neil Patrick Harris
Neil Patrick Harris took his two little ones out for a stroll in NYC, with his daughter decked out in Stonz natural rubber Rain Boots!
Jennifer Garner
Jennifer Garner's youngest daughter Seraphina was spotted in Stonz Booties in the polka dot brown design. She also has the Stonz polka dot brown fleece hat to match!
Halle Berry
Another one of our favorite famous moms, Oscar-winning actress Halle Berry, was spotted buying a pair of Stonz booties for her daughter Nahla at Circle Craft in Vancouver.