http://www.teawithgrace.com/help/privacy.html
Menu
China Sets
Tea Sets for Eight
Tea Sets for Four
Tea Sets for Children
China
Teapots
Small Teapots Medium Teapots Large Teapots
Coffee Pots
Teacups
Plates
Serving Pieces
Bowls Covered Dishes Cream and Sugar Gravy Boats Jam Jars Platters Salt and Pepper Soup Tureens Tiered Plates Trays Warmers
Specialty & Novelty
Special Cups & Plates Special Teapots
Replacements
Linens
Tablecloths
Oblong Tablecloths
Napkins
Aprons
Baking
Bakeware
Aprons
Accoutrements
Utensils
Linen and Lace
Placecards
Table Service
Bookstore
Hospitality
Manners
For Children
Tea Sets
China
Linens
Books
What to Wear
Hats Children's Aprons
Clearance
Tea Sets
Teapots
Serving Pieces
Tea With GraceTea With GracePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Tea With Grace values your trust.
We do not share or sell customer information. Please read our full privacy policy. Introduction Our Internet store allows you to buy products, maintain a wish list, and send product recommendations to friends. We collect certain information online for these purposes and may store some of it securely to fulfill these uses as described in our full policy that follows.
We encourage you to contact us with any questions and to be aware before you disclose personal information to this or any Internet store. Attn: Privacy Compliance
Tea With Grace
9829 Ilex Street NW
Minneapolis, MN 55433-5445
This policy may be subject to change. Any changes will be published on this site. This Privacy Policy addresses the following questions:
What information does Tea With Grace collect from you? How does Tea With Grace collect information from you? What does Tea With Grace do with the information we collect? How can I access, correct, and update personal information? What steps are taken to keep personal information secure?
What information does Tea With Grace collect from you? During normal use of this site, Tea With Grace collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our purposes for collecting information are to facilitate online ordering and to continuously improve the usability and overall experiences of visitors and customers in our online store. Personally Identifiable Information Personally Identifiable Information can potentially be used to uniquely identify a single person.
This includes the information we request when you create a customer account, place an order, or use other services available on our site such as electronic greetings ("T-cards"). This may include the following:
Names Billing addresses Shipping addresses Phone numbers E-mail addresses
This information is necessary to ensure processing of payments, delivery of products, and related correspondence with customers. Personally Identifiable Information is gathered solely for use by Tea With Grace (excepting electronic greetings as noted in this policy) and is not shared with any personal, corporate, or government entities except if required by law. Non-Personally Identifiable Information Non-Personally Identifiable Information does not by itself identify a specific individual. This includes details about how visitors enter our site, what geographic regions they represent, what products they view and place in their shopping carts.
This may include the following:
Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") Internet Protocol ("IP") address System software, such as Web browser used
Tea With Grace records URLs from referring pages (Web sites and search engines that link to our site) in order to understand how visitors find us.
We can use this information to track simple demographic information about where our visitors come from and help target our own advertising on the Internet.
An IP address is automatically assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet, allowing Web servers to locate and identify your computer.
Computers require IP addresses in order to browse and shop on the Internet.
We reserve the right to block access to our site from IP addresses known to be sources of unsolicited e-mail (spam) or malicious content. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is gathered solely for use by Tea With Grace and is not shared with any personal, corporate, or government entities except as required by law or as otherwise noted in this policy.
How does Tea With Grace collect information from you? Our primary purposes for collecting information are to facilitate sale and delivery of merchandise over the Internet and to enable us to understand how visitors use our site in order to better adapt to customer needs and improve our appeal to customers. We gather information in the following ways: Shopping We may gather certain non-personally identifiable information to gather broad demographic statistics and analyze activity on our site. We collect information from visitors regarding referring URLs, domain types (e.g., .com or .org), IP addresses, dates and times of visits, Web browsers and operating systems used, countries and states in which visitors are located. We may note visitors' traffic through our site, including which pages a customer views, product searches they perform on our site, and what items they place in their shopping cart or purchase. We use IP addresses to diagnose problems with our servers and software, and to administer our site and gather demographic information. Cookies When you place items in your shopping cart while visiting our site, the list of items is stored in an HTTP cookie on your computer. To find out what cookies are and how they are used, click here.
Ordering When you order from us, we collect personally identifiable information from you. If you order one of our products or services, we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, order number, referring URL, IP address, and a password. We collect this and other information, as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order and to communicate with you about your order.
In some cases, we may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
Customer checkout pages on our site are secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to ensure protection of personally identifiable information.
To verify the identify of our site and the status of our SSL certificate, please click here. Notes about credit card numbers - click here Gift Certificates When you purchase a gift certificate from our site, you will provide us the recipient's name and e-mail address if you wish to send the certificate by e-mail. If you wish to send a certificate by postal mail, you will give us the name, postal mailing address, and phone number of the recipient. The recipient information you provide us is used only to send the gift certificate and for no other purpose.
Gift certificate submission pages on our site are secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to ensure protection of personally identifiable information.
Redemption of gift certificates is similarly secured. Electronic Greetings (T-cards) Tea With Grace provides a free electronic greetings service called "T-cards."
When you order a T-card, our site collects e-mail addresses for you and the T-card recipient.
Names of you and the recipient are also collected, but these values are not verified and nicknames are allowed.
A message to the recipient is also collected.
These e-mail addresses, names, and messages are stored for 90 days, then deleted.
T-cards are submitted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to ensure protection of personally identifiable information. Customer Correspondence If you contact our customer service department by telephone, e-mail or letter, Tea With Grace may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with our site, we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, we may ask for your name, e-mail address and order information in order to send you a reply.
What does Tea With Grace do with the information we collect? Personally Identifiable Information we gather is primarily for the purposes of fulfilling orders and answering customer questions.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information we gather is solely for the purpose of analyzing how customers use our site so that we can adapt to better serve our customers' needs.
We value your trust and we do not share your information with any personal, corporate, or government entities except if required by law. (See Compliance with governmental authorities.) Tea With Grace promises our customers we will not send postal mass mailings or participate in telephone marketing.
We do not share customer information with other businesses and we will never sell mailing lists.
By earning your trust, we hope you will visit us again.
How can I access, correct, and update personal information? When you log in to your Tea With Grace customer account, you can review, change, or delete the information stored in your customer profile. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may request to have your account information deleted or removed.
However, because we retain records of past purchases for legal and accounting purposes, you cannot delete all information associated with past purchases. We also regularly back up our store data, so customer information cannot be completely removed from our databases. We therefore cannot certify that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up data.
What steps are taken to keep personal information secure?
Credit card transactions For security, privacy, and efficiency, our customers' credit card transactions are handled by a third party processor. Tea With Grace does not collect or store credit card numbers on our site.
Credit card payments for orders placed with us are processed on a third-party secure site by PayPal, a trusted global leader in secure Internet payments.
For order fulfillment, Tea With Grace is provided limited access to transaction information in order to verify or cancel payment processing and to issue return credit when necessary.
Tea With Grace's order fulfillment department has access to partial credit card numbers in order to identify orders, but PayPal conceals customers' complete credit card numbers.
You can view PayPal's privacy policy here. Under no circumstances is a customer's full credit card number stored on any computer owned or managed by Tea With Grace. Within our Web site, www.teawithgrace.com, your information is stored on password protected, restricted access servers. Our Web server resides behind a corporate firewall with controlled, monitored access to the Internet. Children's privacy and security Tea With Grace endeavors to promote the hospitality and values embodied in the service of tea in the time-honored European tradition. For this reason, our Web site is child-friendly and family-friendly by design.
To order from us, however, you must be at least 18 years of age, as required by law for use of a credit card. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Tea With Grace does not knowingly collect, use, or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe he or she may have disclosed Personally Identifiable Information to us, please contact us through our customer contact form or by telephone at the phone number below so that we may delete the child's information. Third-party sites Tea With Grace does not provide personal information to any third-party site except as noted in Credit Card Transactions. Please be aware that this site may contain links to other Web sites that are owned and operated by third parties. Information practices of those Web sites linked from
teawithgrace.com are not subject to our privacy policy. Those sites may send their own cookies, collect data, or solicit personal information. In addition, sites that contain links to teawithgrace.com may collect information about you when you view or click those links that direct you to our site. We cannot control this collection of information. We recommend you review privacy policies of any third party sites that link to or from teawithgrace.com.
Tea With Grace is not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Compliance with governmental authorities Tea With Grace may be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order or subpoena and will cooperate with law enforcement investigations, without prior notice to you. Tea With Grace fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities we believe to be unlawful. If you have any questions or concerns about Tea With Grace's privacy policy, or your experience with our site, please contact us through our customer contact form or the following contact information: Attn: Privacy Compliance
Tea With Grace
9829 Ilex Street NW
Minneapolis, MN 55433-5445
Local Telephone: 763-783-1012
Toll-Free: 866-276-8190
Privacy Policy changes This Privacy Policy was last updated December 7, 2011. Any changes to this policy will be posted in this document. Changes may be made at any time, and become effective the date they are posted.
×
Continue Close