http://www.meditainment.com/terms-and-conditions
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Free MeditainmentLogin Meditation TopicsStress and Pain ReliefGrowth and DevelopmentSelf-Motivation and EnergyMindfulness and InsightSleep and RechargeRest and RelaxationAboutFAQsContact
The Meditations
Island Paradise
Secret Garden
Tropical Sands
Mountain Refuge
Fantasy Island
Serenity Spa
Country Meadow
Arctic Igloo
Desert Oasis
Holiday Beach
City Park
Blue Lagoon
Welcome Wood
Lost City
Deep Ocean
Sky Realm
Willow Tree
Earthrise
Pain Management
Falling Asleep
TERMS & CONDITIONS
1. Introduction
This agreement is between you and Wellmind Health, who own and run the Meditainment online library. Wellmind Health Ltd is a company in England (No. 04542911) established in 2002. We provide these Terms & Conditions and associated Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to start or continue accessing the Meditainment library.
2. Disclaimer
The library content should only be used for your general information and use and not by way of specific recommendation or advice as every individual's circumstances are different. You participate with the course entirely at your own risk. You are entirely responsible for any risks relative to the utilisation, results or performance of the course.
3. Intellectual Property
You acknowledge that all copyright, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights in and relating to Meditainment are owned by Wellmind Health and you may only use them with our consent.
4. Cancellation
At any time, you can cancel your access to the library, have us delete the personal information you provided to us and opt-out of receiving emails or any other communication from us.
5. Refund Guarantee
If you have self-paid for access to the library and you don't feel it is right for you during your first month on use, you can cancel your access and we will refund you. Our payment processing agent is PayPal, which provides secure processing of payments and credit or debit card information. We do not have access to your credit or debit card numbers or PayPal security information.
6. Legal Matters
By accessing the Meditainment library, you agree that the laws of England, govern these Terms & Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Wellmind Health.
7. Your Personal Information
You give your consent for us to store and process personal data and sensitive personal data about your participation with the library in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
Contact details
If you have any queries relating to these Terms & Conditions, please contact us either,
by email at contact@wellmindhealth.com
or by phone, tel. +44 (0)1273 325136
Meditainment, Wellmind HealthLtd. 27 Palmeira Mansions, Church Road, Brighton, BN3 2FA, United Kingdom.
Trustpilot
Back to top
All rights reserved.© 2020 Wellmind Health+44 (0)1273 325136 UK
v3.1.2_7.0.0_4.3.1
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Accessibility Statement