http://www.mirrorimageltd.co.uk/privacy/
Norwich 01603 417577
Cambridge 01223 277757
Home
Our Furniture
Sliding Wardrobes
Hinged Wardrobes
Home Offices
Why Choose Us
Testimonials
Blog
Showrooms
Norwich Showroom
Cambridge Showroom
Contact
Privacy Information
Our Privacy Notice
Mirror Image is a furniture designer and manufacturer.
In line with the new General Data Protection Regulation that is enacted from 25th May 2018, we’ve updated out Privacy Notice so that anyone who wishes to be informed about what we do with their data should find out everything they need to know on this page. Naturally, if there is anything that you would like to know about how we process your personal data that you can’t see here, please get in touch.
How We Process Your Personal Data
The legal basis for storing and processing your data is contractual.
You can request to see, rectify or delete your data at any time. Your full rights are listed at the bottom of this notice.
To make it easy for our customers to get in touch with us we provide a contact form on our website. We ask for a person’s name and basic contact details so that we can get back to them to arrange a time to visit and give a quote for the work they want done.
We only use this data for the purposes of contacting you about your specific enquiry. This data arrives as an email and is never stored on a database.
We use the third-party provider RWD Click to store our emails.
Visitors to Our Website
When we receive a visitor to www.mirrorimageltd.co.uk, we use Google Analytics to collect the standard internet log information. Google Analytics works by reading the user's IP address then setting a cookie on www.mirrorimageltd.co.uk containing a unique ID (so Google can get accurate audience figures). The IP address is then never used again. The unique ID has no personal identity information held within it.
We share this information with the RWD Click who use the anonymised information to compile website use statistics on which they can base any improvements to our website.
If you object to Google Analytics collecting data, you can download a browser add-on that will prevent Google Analytics from using your data: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Read Google's Privacy Policy
Read RWD Click's Privacy Policy
Read Our Cookie Policy
Your Rights
The GDPR enshrines rights that individuals may exercise in relation to their data:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to restrict processing
The right to data-portability
The right to object
The right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling
If you feel that any of these rights are being infringed, we will do everything that we can to address the problem.
If you have any questions at all about the personal data we hold or you wish to uphold one of the rights above in relation to that data please get in touch with us by emailing Marcus Wilmot: info@mirrorimageltd.co.uk.
Showrooms
Visit one of our showrooms to see our ranges and discuss your requirements with a member of our friendly team. Organise a free, no obligation home design visit instore or online.
Norwich (Head Office)
15-16 Barrow Close, Sweet Briar Industrial Estate, Norwich, Norfolk, NR3 2AT
Tel: 01603 417577 | Email: info@mirrorimageltd.co.uk
Cambridge
8 Thornton Way, Girton, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire, CB3 0NJ
Tel: 01223 277757 | Email: info@mirrorimageltd.co.uk