http://www.knetgolf.com/ad-and-cookie-policy
Home
/
Ad and Cookie Policy
Ad and Cookie Policy
Effective Date: 1/1/2020
We use common tracking technologies
We collect personal information about users over time and across different websites when you use our website or service. We also have third parties that collect personal information this way. To do this, we use several common tracking tools. Our vendors may also use these tools. These tracking tools may include browser cookies. We may also use web beacons, tracking pixels, flash cookies, and similar technologies.
We use tracking technologies for a variety of reasons
We use tracking tools, including cookies, on our websites. Cookies are small files that download when you access certain websites. To learn more, visit here. These pages also explain how you can manage and delete cookies. We use tracking tools:
To recognize new or past users.
To authenticate registered users.
To improve our websites and products.
To engage in marketing activities and serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising).
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time.
To better understand the interests of our customers and our website visitors, and generate statistics on the use of our website.
To understand your preferences and personalize the content and services on our websites.
The tracking technologies collect information related to you such as device ID, IP address, browser type, operating system, referring URLs, time and date of activity, actions taken and searches conducted on our websites, language preferences, city and country information and demographic data. For more information regarding the type of cookies we use, providers of these cookies, purpose and expiry times, see below.
We engage in interest-based advertising
We and our partners display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across multiple websites or other platforms. This might include apps.
Interest-based advertising or "online behavioral advertising" includes ads served to you after you leave our website, encouraging you to return. They also include ads we think are relevant based on your shopping habits or online activities. These ads might be served on websites or on apps. They might also be served in emails. We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads. They might be about our products or other companies’ products. Where legally required we get consent to engage in interest-based advertising.
How do we gather relevant information about you for interest-based advertising?
To decide what is relevant to you, we use information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. We gather this information using the tracking tools described above. For example, we or our partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. We might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others.
We work with third parties who help gather this information. These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect. That might include past purchases made offline or online. Or, it might include online usage information.
You can control tracking tools
Your browser may also give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please visit here. To control flash cookies, which we may use on certain websites from time to time, you can go here. Why? Because flash cookies cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
Our Do Not Track Policy: Some websites have "do not track" features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
Options you select are browser and device specific.
You can opt-out of online behavioral advertising
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. To opt-out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, click here.
Some tracking tools do not participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To get more information about how to opt-out of having your online behavior collected through these tracking tools, click on the link in the description of that particular tracking tool.
Choices you make are both browser and device-specific.
We use specific tracking technologies
Here is more information about the third-party tracking technologies we use on our websites. We use tracking technologies to improve our site and the experience of our visitors, personalize content, and conduct analytics and advertising activities, including:
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please email us at privacypolicy@acushnetgolf.com.
For more information on our data practices, see our Privacy Policy.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER