http://www.mymoondrops.com/info/info_privacy_policy_35.html
Contact MyMoondrops
|
My Wish List
KID'S FURNITURE
CASTLE BEDS
KID'S BEDS
KID'S PLAY LOFTS
DRESSERS &AMP ARMOIRES
COOL FREE STUFF
Tracing Paper
Home
Contact MyMoondrops
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Interesting Links
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
At MyMoondrops.com we have created this privacy statement in order to explain to you our commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering practices for this site and what we do with that information.
User Information
www.MyMoondrops.com collects information you enter when completing our surveys, entering our drawings, suggesting a page to a friend, or creating your own Wish List. Your name, address, phone number and email address are saved for the purpose of assisting you on the website or processing your order only.
Use of Information:
www.MyMoondrops.com does not sell any collected information to third parties.
Cookies
"Cookies" are identifiers which a web site can send to your browser and keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to a site. Most cookies expire by themselves after a short period of time (often after only 12 hours). Our web pages may utilize cookies to make your shopping easier. For instance, logging into your Wish List once will allow you to view it for many days without having to re-enter your username and password. We do not transfer any cookie information to other sites. If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.
You are NOT required to save any cookies onto your computer to complete the ordering process. All orders are taken over the phone to insure your safety and personally handle your needs.
Contacting Us
If you have any additional questions about www.MyMoondrops.com dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us at Michael@MyMoondrops.com
Security
You can shop at MyMoondrops.com online with confidence. We have partnered
with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and
secure credit card and electronic check transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive
customer information through the credit card and electronic check processing
networks (see an online payments diagram). The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet
Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security
protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder
data, please read the
Authorize.Net Privacy Policy .
MyMoondrops.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Secure Payments Seal
program.
Thank You,Shane, Kate, Bruce, Michael & Cyte . . . the My-Moondrops Family
NOTES
Colors will vary depending on the computer monitor you are using. If the color shade is
important please call.
Shipping quoted based on delivery to most business addresses within the continental United States. We will be happy to ship
to any location, but prices will vary.
Call Toll Free today for a shipping quote! Phone: (877) 895-3951
Shipping quotes are valid for 30 days.All designs copyrighted by their respective owners. Do Not Duplicate.
ORDER BY PHONE TODAY!
TOLL FREE: 877.895.3951
My-MoonDrops
Salem, AR 72576
Hours: 9:00 - 5:00 CST Monday-Friday
contact us: Michael@MyMoonDrops.com
© 2002 My-Moondrops All Rights Reserved.
Online Payments
My-Moondrops.  .  .  helping you furnish your child's room with castle and theme beds and dressers.
Top