http://www.hearinghelpexpress.com/terms-conditions
Toggle menu
Search
an IntriCon Company
Search Keyword:
account
Cart
Search
Search
digital hearing aids
Shop by Price
$399-$499
$599-$799
$799+
shop all prices
Shop by Fit
in the ear hearing aids
behind the ear hearing aids
ready to wear hearing aids
personalized hearing aids
shop all fits
Shop by Programming
personalized programming
standard programming
shop all hearing aids
Shop by Power Level
mild hearing loss
mild to moderate hearing loss
moderate hearing loss
severe hearing loss
profound hearing loss
personalized hearing loss
shop all hearing levels
All digital hearing aids
rechargeable
Sound Amplifier
hearing aid batteries
Shop by Size
10 (yellow)
13 (orange)
312 (brown)
675 (blue)
Shop by Price
from $24.84
from $25.92
from $26.64
from $29.99
Shop by Battery Brand
eco-gold
ecopack
PowerOne
rayovac
Shop by Battery Tab Length
tab free
regular tab
long tab
Shop Battery Care
battery tester
battery care kit
All hearing aid batteries
hearing aid accessories
Shop Hearing Aid Cases
hearing aid cases
Shop Replacement Pieces
replacement tips
replacement tubing
shop all replacement pieces
Shop Service Plans
protection plan
cleaning care plan
shop all service plans
Shop Cleaners
hearing aid dryers
hearing aid wipes
ear care
shop all cleaners
All hearing aid accessories
Hearing Loss Support
Sign in
or Register
My Cart
Home
terms and conditions
Please carefully review these terms of service before using the site.
introduction & user agreement
This Terms of Service Agreement (the “Agreement“) sets forth the terms and conditions for your use of this web site (the “Site“). The Site is owned and operated by Hearing Help Express, Inc. (“Hearing Help Express” or “We“). By using the Site, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. If you do not agree to be legally bound by this Agreement, you should exit this Site immediately. We reserve the right to amend this Agreement at any time and will notify you of any such changes by posting the revised Agreement on the Site. You should check this Agreement periodically for changes. All changes shall be effective upon posting. Your continued use of the Site after any changed to this Agreement constitutes your agreement to be bound by any such changes. This Agreement was last updated on April 2019. Hearing Help Express, Inc. may terminate, suspend, change, or restrict access to all or any part of this Site without notice or liability.
restriction on the use of content
This Site contains text, data, articles, photos, images and other information (collectively, “Content“) that is proprietary to Hearing Help Express, Inc. or its Content providers. You acknowledge that this Content is protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media, and technologies existing now and hereinafter developed. You also acknowledge that the Content is and shall remain the property of Hearing Help Express, Inc. or its Content providers (each a “Contributor“) who have been involved in the preparation or publication of the Content. You may not modify, transmit, participate in the sale or transfer of, or create derivative works based on any Content, in whole or in part. Subject to your full compliance with this Agreement, You may print copies of the Content, provided that these copies are made only for personal, non-commercial use and that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, or maintained by the Contributor, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices. You shall not store electronically any significant portion of any Content. Hearing Help Express, Inc. authorizes you to view and use the Content on this Site solely for your personal, noncommercial use. The use of the Content on any other Site, including by linking or framing, or in any networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited without Hearing Help Express Inc.'s prior written approval.
trademarks
Hearing Help Express, is a trademark of Hearing Help Express, Inc. (collectively, “Hearing Help Express, Inc. Trademarks”). Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed on this Site may be trademarks or service marks owned by Hearing Help Express, Inc. or others. Nothing on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the Hearing Help Express, Inc. Trademarks displayed on this Site, without our prior written permission in each instance. We prohibit use of any of the Hearing Help Express, Inc, Trademarks as part of a link to or from any site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by us in writing. All goodwill generated from the use of the Hearing Help Express, Inc. Trademarks will inure to our benefit.
copyright complaints
If you believe, in good faith, that any materials on the Site infringe your copyrights, notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent, in accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2) (under the “Digital Millennium Copyright Act“) to Hearing Help Express‘s designated agent. Notification should include:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material you claim is infringing is located on the Site;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or duly authorized to act on the copyright owner’s behalf.
public areas
This Site may include bulletin boards and chat rooms (“Public Areas”) that allow feedback to Hearing Help Express, Inc. or interaction between users. Hearing Help Express, Inc. does not control the messages, information, or files delivered to Public Areas. It is a condition to your use of the Public Areas that you do not:
restrict or inhibit other users from using and enjoying the Public Areas;
post or transmit unlawful, threatening, harassing, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent, or racially, ethnically or other objectionable information, including transmissions that constitute or encourage conduct that would be a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable laws;
post or transmit any information that violates or infringes upon the rights of others, including material that is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is protected by copyright, trademark, or other proprietary right, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder; and
post or transmit information that contains a virus or other harmful component or which contains advertising or solicitations of any kind.
You hereby grant Hearing Help Express, Inc. an irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, royalty free, non-exclusive worldwide license to use, copy, display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and distribute any information or materials you post on Public Areas.
monitoring of the site
Hearing Help Express, Inc. has no obligation to monitor the Site; however, you acknowledge and agree that Hearing Help Express, Inc. has the right to monitor the Site electronically from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Site, or to protect itself or other users of the Site.
Submissions to the Site
All remarks, discussions, ideas, graphics or other submissions communicated to Hearing Help Express, Inc. through this Site (collectively, “Submissions”) will be the exclusive property of Hearing Help Express, Inc. is entitled to use any Submission for any purpose, without restriction or compensation to the individual who has provided the Submission.
indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Hearing Help Express, Inc. Parties from and against any and all claims, losses, expenses, or demands or liabilities, including attorneys’ fees and costs, incurred by the Hearing Help Express, Inc. Parties in connection with any claim by a third party (including any intellectual property claim) arising out of (i) materials and content you submit, post to or transmit through the Site, or (ii) your use of the Site in violation of this Agreement or in violation of any applicable law. You further agree that you will cooperate as reasonably required in the defense of any such claims. The Hearing Help Express, Inc. Parties reserve the right, at their own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and you shall not in any event settle any such claim or matter without the written consent of Hearing Help Express, Inc. You further agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Hearing Help Express, Inc. Parties from any claim arising from a third party’s use of information or materials of any kind that you post in a Public Area.
links to third party sites
This Site may contain links to web sites controlled, owned, and operated by third parties (the “Third Party Sites“). Hearing Help Express, Inc. cannot control and has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided on the Third Party Sites. You acknowledge that use of any Third Party Sites is governed by the Terms of Service for those websites, and not by this Agreement. Links to Third Party Sites do not constitute an endorsement by Hearing Help Express, Inc. of such sites or the content, products, advertising or other materials presented on such sites, but are for your convenience and you access them at your own risk. Hearing Help Express, Inc. is not responsible for the content of any third party web sites, nor does Hearing Help Express, Inc. make any warranties or representations, express or implied, regarding the content( or the accuracy of such content) on any third web sites, and Hearing Help Express, Inc. shall have no liability of any nature whatsoever in relation to any of the foregoing.
use of personally identifiable information
Hearing Help Express, Inc. practices and policies with respect to the collection and use of personally identifiable information is governed by Hearing Help Express, Inc.'s privacy policy.
User Conduct
You agree to use the Content and Site only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from any use of the Content or Site that would constitute an illegal offense, give rise to liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation.
dealing with advertisers
Your correspondence or business dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers or other third parties found on or through the Site, including payment and delivery of related goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings are solely between you and such advertiser. You agree that we are not responsible nor shall we be liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such advertiser on the Site.
user must comply by applicable laws
This Site is based in Illinois, United States.
This Site is based in Illinois, United States. Hearing Help Express, Inc., makes no claims concerning whether the Content may be downloaded or is appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access this Site from outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction.
Compliance with Export Laws
The United States controls the export of products and information. You expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the Content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.
makes no claims concerning whether the Content may be downloaded or is appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access this Site from outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction.
Compliance with Export Laws
The United States controls the export of products and information. You expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the Content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.
termination
This Agreement is effective until terminated by Hearing Help Express, Inc. at any time without notice. Hearing Help Express, Inc. may suspend or terminate your access and use of the Site at any time, with or without cause, in Hearing Help Express, Inc.'s absolute discretion and without notice. The following paragraphs of this Agreement shall survive termination of your use or access to the Site: paragraphs concerning Indemnification, Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitations of Liability, applicable law and dispute resolution, and any other provision that by its terms survives termination of your use or access to the Site.
general provisions
Failure by Hearing Help Express, Inc. to enforce any provision(s) of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver thereof.
This Agreement and all other aspects of your use of the Site shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Illinois, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. All claims and disputes arising out of this Agreement or your use of the Site, other than actions for specific performance or injunctive relief brought by Hearing Help Express, Inc. shall be exclusively brought in the federal, state, or local courts located in Illinois and, with regard to such claims and disputes, you hereby irrevocably (i) submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over you by those courts and (ii) waive any jurisdictional, venue, or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. Any cause of action you may have with respect to the Content, Site or this Agreement must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arose, or it will be barred. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be enforced to the fullest extent possible, and the remaining provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. You many not assign this Agreement, by operation of law or otherwise, without Hearing Help Express, Inc.s prior written consent. Subject to that restriction, this Agreement will be binding on, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable against the parties and their respective successors and assigns. Neither the course of conduct between parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any provision of the Agreement. All rights not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved.
health care
Most of the time, insurance policies and Medicare do not cover the cost of hearing aids, nor do they reimburse for them. Most Americans pay out of pocket for hearing aids.
If your insurance policy does cover hearing aids, we are happy to work with you. Contact your insurance company first and make sure that they would accept an out-of-network claim. Then, we can provide the appropriate paperwork that your insurance company would require to reimburse you for the purchase.
Below are some common terms and procedure codes for hearing aids.
health care common procedure coding system (HCPCS) level II codes
HCPCS Level II codes are required for claims for supplies and devices covered by Medicare and Medicaid and by most private payers. The codes below are provider for your convenience to assist you in filing your own insurance claims. They are accurate to the best of our knowledge.
National Provider Identification (NPI): Hearing Help Express – #1669742789
common terms you will see in the codes below:
Monaural – only one hearing aid is used.Binaural – two hearing aids are used.ITE – In-the-Ear hearing aid. Size of hearing aid fills all or most of the bowl of the ear.ITC – In-the-Canal hearing aid. Size of hearing aid is smaller and fits mostly in the canal of the ear.BTE – Behind-the-Ear hearing aid.Analog – older technology that is seldom used by manufacturers anymore.Digital – newer technology found in all current Hearing Help Express hearing aid models.
codes
V5050 Hearing aid, monaural, in the earV5060 Hearing aid, monaural, behind the earV5140 Hearing aid, binaural, behind the earV5243 Hearing aid, analog, monaural, ITCV5249 Hearing aid, analog, binaural, ITCV5255 Hearing aid, digital, monaural, ITCV5256 Hearing aid, digital, monaural, ITEV5257 Hearing aid, digital, monaural, BTEV5259 Hearing aid, digital, binaural, ITCV5260 Hearing aid, digital, binaural, ITEV5261 Hearing aid, digital, binaural, BTEV5030 Hearing aid, monaural, body worn, air conductionV5100 Hearing aid, bilateral, body wornV5014 Repair of a hearing aidV5264 Ear mold, not disposable, any typeV5266 Battery for use in hearing deviceV5267 Hearing aid supplies/accessoriesV5268 Assistive listening device, telephone amplifier, any type
Note: consult your family doctor for ICD-10-CM Medical Diagnosis Codes if needed.
contact us
If you have questions regarding the Agreement or the practices of Hearing Help Express, Inc., please contact us by email us at web@hearinghelp.com or by regular mail at Hearing Help Express, PO Box 586, Dekalb, IL 60115-0586
×
OK
SHOP
Digital Hearing Aids
FDA-listed Hearing Aids
Custom Hearing Aids
Hearing Aid Accessories
Shop by Hearing Loss
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Hearing Assessment
FAQs
45-Day Guarantee
Shipping Info
Returns & Exchanges
Warranty
LEARN
Hearing Loss
Hearing Support
Testimonials
Get Started
For a Loved One
Request a Catalog
Blog
ABOUT US
About Us
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
GET CONNECTED
800-467-4515
web@hearinghelp.com
Powered by BigCommerce
© 2020 Hearing Help Express