http://www.bissingers.com/privacy-policy
Home  »  Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Effective date: June 28, 2019
This is the website of BISSINGER'S HANDCRAFTED CHOCOLATIER.
Our address is:
5025 Pattison Ave
St Louis, MO 63110
We can be reached via email at orders@bissingers.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 1.800.325.8881
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
When you purchase products from bissingers.com, we collect your name, address, telephone number, email address and payment information. We utilize this information to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about our order. In fulfilling your order, we only share personal information with outside parties to the extent necessary to fulfill your order. Below, please find more information regarding your privacy and what personal information bissingers.com collects from you.
When you place your order online at bissingers.com or create an account, we collect your name, address, telephone number, email address and payment information. We use this information to ship the product, confirm delivery and also reserve the right to add your information to our direct mail database.
When you place your order on our 1-800 phone line, we collect your name, address, telephone number along with your payment information. We request an email address but this is voluntary.  We use this information to ship the product, confirm delivery and also reserve the right to add your information to our direct mail database.
When you place your order by fax or email at customerservice@bissingers.com, we collect your name, address, telephone number, email address and payment information. We use this information to ship the product, confirm delivery and also reserve the right to add your information to our direct mail databases.
When you place your order by mail, we collect your name, address and phone number. The method of payment we accept includes personal check or credit card. We use this information to ship the product, confirm delivery and also reserve the right to add your information to our direct mail database.
When you send an email to customerservice@bissingers.com, we collect your name, address and email address and use this to reply to your inquiry. We do not retain your name and email address to be used for any other reasons but to assist you.
When you call our customer service line, we collect your name, address and telephone number. We use this to reply to your inquiry. We do not retain your name, address or telephone number to be used for any other reasons but to assist you.
When you purchase a gift and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s name and postal address. We use this information to ship the product and confirm delivery and also reserve the right to add their information to our direct mail database.
When you request a catalog from bissingers.com, we collect your name and postal address. We use this information to send you the catalog and then place you on our direct mail/catalog list to receive printed catalogs with special offers and updates about products and services. If you later decide that you do not wish to receive printed catalogs or other direct mail pieces, please call 800-325-881 and ask to be removed from our mailing list.
When you subscribe to our email program, we collect your email address so that we can send you our email newsletters with special offers and updates about products and services. You can unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any electronic newsletter that you receive from us or by calling 800-325-8881.
When you open an email from Bissinger’s, we use information relating to email connectivity, including if you open the message, click on any links or banners it contains, or make a purchase.
When you browse bissingers.com, we use cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record session information, such as items that you add to your shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages you access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide a better service when you return to our site. Additionally, we collect website analytics that contain web logs of information such as browser type, operating system and IP address, click activity, and time and date stamps of activity.
When you access bissingers.com from your smartphone, we collect distance information, including location information sent from a GPS, Wi-Fi, or cellular technology signal in your device. This information is assigned a random user number, and no uniquely identifiable information is collected or used.
When you send an inquiry regarding a job opening from our Careers page, we collect your name, email address, and contact information. We use this information to contact you regarding the position you are interested in.
Typically, we retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purpose outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the telephone number or email address above. In addition, we may keep your personal information as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and/or enforce any of our agreements.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
The information we collect may be shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website. We may also share your information with service providers to perform certain business functions.  Among other things, service providers may provide online product ordering services, provide mail and email services, process credit card payments, provide shipping services for products ordered, manage product orders, survey and analyze website activity data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, conduct research, and promote marketing programs.  Service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their specific business functions, but may not use it for other purposes.  In the event another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company.
YOUR CHOICES
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us email at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or emailing us at the above address.
You may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above or emailing us at the above address. Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an email at the above address or by calling us at the above telephone number.
California residents: California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of such notice, please submit a written request to use using the email address above.
HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is fully secure. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. In the event we are required by law to inform you of any unauthorized access to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.
GOOGLE ANALYTICS AND REMARKETING
We use all features of Google Analytics. Google Analytics does not store any visitor specific data and we will not use visitor specific data in any way related to Google Analytics, Google Adwords, and Remarketing. We use remarketing and analytics to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited our site when those visitors go to other websites. This means that a third party uses technology to collect information about your use of our website so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. That advertising may appear either on our websites, or on other websites.
MISCELLANEOUS
Online tracking: We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include “Do Not Track” instructions.
Non-applicability to the EU/UK: This website is intended for use only by residents of the United States and is not intended for use by residents of the European Union or the United Kingdom.
General audience: This website is intended for a general audience and is not intended for use by children under the age of 13.
Changes to this policy: We may change our privacy policy and practices over time. To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
Links to/from other sites: To enhance your shopping experience, the bissingers.com site may have links to other sites on the Internet that are owned by third party vendors and other parties, or you may come to bissingers.com from a link from a third party site.  These third party websites will have their own privacy policies that you should review.  We are not responsible for the privacy of these third party sites.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.