http://www.kew-online.com/content/cookie-policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more
Enjoy FREE UK Express delivery on orders over £120
Home
Jigsaw Online: Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
About Us
FAQs
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Sourcing Principles
Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement
Credits
Press
Size Guide
Careers
Stores
Contact Us
We have the utmost respect for the privacy of our online customers. Any information you provide us with will be securely protected and managed in line with current legislation. You can access and browse our website without having to disclose any personal data. By browsing and shopping on Jigsaw’s website you are accepting and complying with the regulations outlined in the Cookie Policy below and in the Terms and Conditions provided on the site.
If you want to disable cookies you will need to do this by changing your website browser settings which are normally found under the tools or privacy tabs in your browser menu. Please note that disabling cookies may reduce the performance of our website on your computer. By continuing to use the site with your current browser settings, you consent to allow this site to use cookies. More information on cookies, how we use them and how to disable them can be found in the section below.
What are Cookies?
This site uses internet cookies. These are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer to improve the speed at which it can access pages of our website, thereby giving you a better browsing experience. These cookies do not record or store any personal details and are harmless to your computer. Should you not which to store cookies on your computer from our website or any other, it is possible to change the settings on your web browser to prevent cookies from being stored. Please note that disabling cookies may reduce the performance of our website on your computer.
What information do we collect?
If you buy from us, we will require information such as your first name and surname, email address, phone number and delivery and billing addresses. This information is required in order that we may process your order efficiently.
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access this website via the same computer or device. This includes information about what pages you viewed, what products you added to your basket or purchased and generally how you navigated the site. Please note that we do not use cookies to collect or record information on users’ name, address or other contact details.
What are cookies used for?
In the main cookies are used for the effective operation of the website but additionally we use cookies to track the effectiveness of our website and deliver targeted marketing campaigns. For further information take a look at this useful Google Video on You Tube which helpfully explains how websites use cookies.
How do I disable Cookies?
If you want to disable cookies you will need to do this by changing your website browser settings which are normally found under the tools or privacy tabs in your browser menu. Please note that disabling cookies may reduce the performance of our website on your computer. By continuing to use the site with your current browser settings, you consent to allow this site to use cookies. All modern browsers allow you to change your cookie settings. These settings will typically be found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu of your browser. In order to understand these settings, the following links may be helpful, otherwise you should use the ‘Help’ option in your browser for more details.
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari
You can also take a look at the information provided by the Interactive Advertising Bureau at www.allaboutcookies.org.