http://www.vrp.com/customer_service/terms
Select Brand:
Login/My Account
Login/My Account
Login
New Customer? Register
Manage My Account
Change Password
Manage Address Book
Manage Payment Methods
Easy Reorder
Track Orders & Order History
Manage My AutoShip
Email Subscriptions
Logout
Cart
Cart
{!cart.num_items!} items in your cart
{!cart.total|currency!}
{!coupon_tier!}
{!cart_req!}
- FREE GIFT
Qty: {!item.qty!}
{!item.price * item.qty - item.coupon_discount | currency!}
Coupon Discount Applied
Not Eligible for Discount
Coupon Discount Applied
Not Eligible for Discount
View Cart
Checkout
Bestsellers
Shop By Category
All Products
New!
Specials
Clearance
Loading Content ...
Sort by:
Bestsellers
Featured
Product Name - A to Z
Price - Lowest to Highest
Price - Highest to Lowest
Currently, there are no products in this category.
New products are in production and will be launching soon, so check back often! In the meantime, we suggest you take a look at our Bestsellers.
as low as
View Details
View Details
Member of the CLX family of brands
Enjoy the
Autoship Advantage
SAVE 15% + GET FREE SHIPPING on every order
Easy to cancel or change your delivery schedule at any time
Get exclusive free gifts
Why is AutoShip the Right Plan for You?
Set it and forget it, knowing you are getting our lowest pricing, so there is no need to wait for a coupon or sale.
Choose your frequency with automatic shipment available on most products in either 3 or 6 month supplies.
Pause, cancel or change your shipment date any time by phone, email or online.
Receive any price decrease to be applied all future automatic shipments. You will never be subject to a price increase while your plan remains active.
Enjoy full benefit from each product, knowing you will receive them per the recommended serving schedule.
Get email notification 5 days prior to your automatic shipment date, and then again the day it processes.
Receive an email from a Customer Care agent if your order cannot process for any reason, including that a credit card has expired.
Not ready for a shipment? Refuse the order and it will be returned at no cost to you.
Remember that all AutoShip orders come with our 365-day guarantee. This refund amount will be for the price of the product less shipping.
Get exclusive special offers, including special discounts on new products.
Questions? Click Here to email Customer Care or call 888.552.4464 (M-F, 9am to 6pm ET).
Privacy Policy
Privacy
We value your trust and the security of your personal and credit card information. Our pledge is simple - We guarantee that we will not share your email address with any third party.
Security
We understand that you value highly the security of your personal and credit card information. We apply the highest business standards and industry standard technology to ensure the security of your data and earn your trust. We employ extremely sophisticated data encryption technology provided by GeoTrust®. In addition, our website, server, database and encryption efforts are reviewed daily by Qualys® Secure and quarterly by Security Metrics®, a program run by Bank of America.
Online Shopping Encryption
We secure our online transactions using, Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the industry standard in ecommerce. Credit card transactions are enabled using the VeriSign Payment Flow system which ensures that all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address, is encrypted and cannot be viewed as the information travels over the Internet.
Other Ordering Options
If you still do not feel comfortable shopping online, you can order by email, phone, fax or mail. When ordering, make sure to include your phone number, billing and shipping address. You may include a credit card number with expiration date or you can ask us to call you back to collect that information.
Toll-Free Ordering 24/7: 800-627-9721 8 am - 11 pm ET
Fax Line: 240-479-2501
General
If you have any concern about the way we treat your privacy or questions about our copyright information, please email Customer Care and we will do our best to resolve it.
Report a Problem
Use this form to report a technical problem, error, typo or other issue to our Customer Service Department. To help us best serve you, please provide as much detail as possible in the "Comments" section.
Your Email*
First Name
Last Name
Your Comment*
Processing login data...
ENJOY 35% OFF + FREE SHIPPING ON ALL PRODUCTS
This weekend only enjoy 35% OFF + FREE shiippig on all products. Don't miss out on this special offer.
USE CODE M20YEAREND5
SHOP NOW
25% OFF PLUS FREE SHIPPING FOR LIFE ON AUTOSHIP
For a limited time, get guaranteed FREE SHIPPING for life on new AutoShip orders, plus save an extra 25% OFF your first AutoShip order.
USE CODE M20AUTO1
Shop Now