http://www.forloveofthehorse.com/privacy.php
For Love of the Horse
Contemporary Chinese Herbalism for Horse Health
MENU
For Love of the Horse
Home
About
Meet Dr. Thomas
For Horses
Express Order for Horses
Allergic Skin Reaction
Anemia Solution
Arthritis Solution
Choke Solution
Colic Solution
EMS/Cushing's/IR Solution
Gastric Ulcers Solution
Heaves Solution
Hoof Ailments
Hoof Bone Repair
Hoof Health & Growth
Liver Disease
Liver Support
MMP Stop Solution
Natural Pain Relief
Neurological Disorder
Nourish Digestion
PMS Mare
Recovery Trio
Respiratory Distress
Ringbone/Bone Spur
Settle Down
Shoulder Tight
Sore Muscle Relief
Strangles Solution
Synovitis Solution
Tendon Repair
Torn Tendon Solution
Total Immune Health
Uveitis
For Dogs
Express Order for Dogs
Allergic Skin Reaction
Essential Immune Health
Kidney Disease/Failure Solution
Liver Disease/Failure Solution
Natural Pain Relief
Osteoarthritis Solution
Rheumatoid Arthritis Solution
Seizures/Distemper Solution
Torn Tendon Solution
Success Stories
Read the Success Stories shared by our customers.
Submit Your Success Story
Allergic Skin Reaction
Custom Formulas
EMS/Cushing's/IR (Laminitis)
Hoof Ailments
MMP Stop
Shoulder Tight
Total Immune Health
Arthritis Solution
Gastric Ulcers
Hoof Bone Repair
Natural Pain Solution
PMS Mare
Strangles
Uveitis
Choke Solution
Heaves
Liver Disease
Neurological Disorder
Respiratory Distress
Tendon Repair
Colic Solution
Hoof Health & Growth
Liver Support
Nourish Digestion
Ringbone/Bone Spurs
Torn Tendon
Support Services
Contact
Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy statement in order to
demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our
information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
For Love of the Horse PRIVACY POLICY Quick Summary
Other than as a result of a purchase, we do not collect any personal Identifiable information about you, and the
information that is collected as a result of a purchase, is not shared with anyone.
The Specifics
Credit Card Information
Information obtained from purchases
Server Logs and Analytics
Use Of Cookies
Posted Information
Links To Other Sites
Information from Social Networking (Facebook, Google+, Twitter, etc.)
Protecting Children's Privacy
For Love of the Horse Newsletter
Website/Information Security
Correct/Update Your Information
Contact Information
Credit Card Information
For Love of the Horse processes all credit
cards through third party vendors, specifically PayPal. The use and storage of credit card information
is subject to the terms and conditions of the respective
processors. For Love of the Horse does not process, store or record
credit card information.
Information obtained from purchases
Your Name, Billing Address, Shipping Address, Items Ordered, and Billing
Total are kept by us on our secure server and is kept on file to process your order and as
required by law. Except for necessary transmission of information to process
your payment through PayPal, or create a shipping label with
the United States Postal Service (USPS), United Parcel Post (UPS) FedEX, or other shipper, at no time is any of this information
shared with anyone outside of For Love of the Horse.
Payments processed through PayPal are subject to PayPal's privacy policy.
Information obtained from Server Logs and Analytics
Our Server Logs automatically collect specific
information every time you visit our site. This includes: Date and Time of
visit, IP Address, Browser Type, Operating Platform, duration of visit and Pages
Viewed. The information is logged both per-session and aggregate total. The
per-session log includes all the aforementioned information. It is kept in a
password protected directory and only accessible by For Love of the Horse. It is not shared or made available to the public. The aggregate information
EXCEPT Date, Time and IP Address is kept indefinitely. The information about
your Browser type and Operating Platform is used so that we may keep the site
compatible with as many formats as possible. The Duration and Pages Viewed
information is not made available to anyone. NO PERSONAL, IDENTIFIABLE
INFORMATION IS MADE AVAILABLE FROM THESE LOGS, INCLUDING YOUR IP ADDRESS.
Visitor information is also obtained through the use of Google Analytics. As with Server Logs, the information about
your Browser type and Operating Platform is used so that we may keep the site
compatible with as many formats as possible. Use of Google Analytics is subject to their privacy policy.
Click here to opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics.
Information obtained from "Cookies"
Cookies are text files used to obtain
various amounts of information depending on their programming. For Love of the Horse does not use cookies to obtain personal identifiable information. You
do not have to have Cookies Enabled on your computer to visit For Love of the Horse. However, Cookies are used to track items added to your
cart when you make a purchase and are required to complete a purchase.
However, you may opt-in to have a cookie deposited on your computer
to remember your Billing and Shipping information for future
purposes. Having this cookie permanently placed on your computer to place an
order is not required.
Any off-site services which requires that you "Log On" and use a
"password" do require that you accept Cookies which provide identity
confirmation. We do not have control over or access to these Cookies
or the information they obtain. (Please see the Privacy Polices of
the service providers.) Should you not accept these Cookies, you may
not be able to utilize any of these services. Additionally, sites
which link to or from For Love of the Horse Site may utilize Cookies. Again, we do not have control over or
access to these Cookies or the information they obtain.
Information you request be posted with For Love of the Horse.
Any information posted with For Love of the Horse becomes public information and access to and use thereof is beyond our control.
This includes, but is not limited to, any Email address posted. We do not post your email on our Site under any circumstances including,
but not limited to, when you submit a Success Story or Product Review.
Links to Other Sites
Users should be aware that when you are visiting
For Love of the Horse, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our
control. There are links to other sites from For Love of the Horse that take you outside our service. This includes links from listings,
advertisers, sponsors, partners and affiliates that may use
For Love of the Horse logo or name
as part of a co-branding agreement. While we attempt to inspect sites that are
directly linked to For Love of the Horse,
For Love of the Horse cannot and
will not be liable for the content of any site not directly under the control of For Love of the Horse
nor will For Love of the Horse be
liable for for the use of any information obtained by these sites whether
through the use of Cookies or information which you voluntarily submit.
Information from Social Networking (Facebook, Google+, Twitter, etc.)
With the increase in social network plug-ins, there is an increase in privacy concerns.
For Love of the Horse does not utilize social network plug-ins and therefore does not gather any information about you through social network plug-ins
(These plug-ins provide you the opportunity to log on to a website via your
social network log on information). The "share" buttons on our site do not track
your web activities, but merely shares information about For Love of the Horse on the
respective social network.
Protecting Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For
that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website
from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is
structured to attract anyone under 13.
For Love of the Horse Newsletter
For Love of the Horse utilizes MailChimp for sending our Newsletter. Click Here to review MailChimp's privacy policy.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is
protected using the most advanced methods available. We do not store financial
information like credit card numbers or personal information like social
security numbers on this site.
Correct/Update Your Info
This site gives users the following options for changing and
modifying information previously provided. You can also send an email to us by visiting Contact Us Page.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Contact Information
For Love of the Horse
605 Oak Street
Lathrop MO 64465
866-537-7336
Updated April 28, 2018
We will be CLOSEDNov. 26 & 27 andDec. 24 & 25
10% OffTotal Immune Health for HorsesEssential Immune Health for Dogs
SAVE $30 on Recovery Trio
HERBAL SOLUTIONS FOR DOGS
See All...
Helpful Info
Problem Solution Guide
Horse Health Questionnaire
Breathing Difficulties Questionnaire
Dog Health Questionnaire
Dosing and Duration
Recommended Reading
Quality Assurance
Barefoot Help
Print Page
Ordering Info
EXPRESS ORDER for Horses
EXPRESS ORDER for Dogs
Customer Appreciation
Auto Ship for Horses
Auto Ship for Dogs
Shipping and Returns
International Orders
Recently Viewed
Subscribe to ourmailing list
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
Last Name
Connect & Share
For Love of the Horse : 605 Oak Street - Lathrop MO 64465 : https://www.forloveofthehorse.com
Customer Service Hours: Monday- Friday 9:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. Central
© 2020 - For Love of the Horse - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED