http://www.diyaudiostore.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Chassis
Deluxe (Full-width ultimate DIY amplifier chassis)
Dissipante (Full-width with big 40mm heatsinks)
Slim Line (Full-width with quasi-heatsinks)
Pesante (Full-width with no heatsinks)
Mini Dissipante (Smaller-width with big 40mm heatsinks)
Galaxy (Smaller-width with quasi-heatsinks)
Chassis Customization Services (CNC working etc)
Accessories (Heatsinks, handles, baseplates, back panel kits, riser panels)
Boards
Crossovers
Headphone Amplifiers
Pre Amplifiers
Power Amplifiers
Power Supplies
Misc
Active Devices
Burson Audio Discrete Opamps
Korg Nutubes
Linear Systems JFETs
MOSFETs
Kits
Amp Camp Amp
Analog Crossover Network (LX Mini XO)
Chassis Kits
DIY BiAmp 6-24 Crossover
Elekit Amplifiers (Pre/Power/HPA)
First Watt Clone Kits
Korg Nutube B1
Korg Nutube HA-KIT HPA
Power Supplies
Starving Student II HPA
WHAMMY HPA
Wayne's BAF2018 Linestage
Consumables
News
About Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy governs how DIYAUDIO LLC collects, stores, uses, and discloses information about users of diyaudiostore.com. This policy applies to the site, along with related products and services offered by DIYAUDIO LLC that link to this policy. This policy does not apply to websites, applications, or services that display or link to different privacy statements.
Information You Provide to Us
When a user engages in certain actions on the site, they may provide us with certain kinds of information. This includes activities including but not limited to:
Creating, accessing, and updating account information
Placing orders
Subscribing to newsletters
Leaving comments
Sending gift certificates/vouchers
Providing feedback
Sharing wishlists
Creating or updating subscriptions
Signing up for notifications
The information provided may include details such as usernames, passwords, email addresses, mailing addresses, phone numbers, order details, payment information necessary to facilitate transactions on the site, and any content they may choose to post or otherwise make available in comments or forum posts.  When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide information that is necessary for certain products or features, those products or features may not be available or function correctly.
The personal information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the products you use, and the choices you make. We collect and process personal information about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfil other legitimate interests.
We may also combine information users provide with data we collect automatically (as further described below).
Information We Collect Automatically
Site DataWe may collect information automatically about users when they visit our site. This may include details about the user’s browser type and installed extensions, operating system, access times, language, IP address, and referring URLs, along with other similar data.
Web Browser CookiesOur site uses cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to provide features such as account logins and shopping carts, to remember user preferences, to engage in advertising and retargeting, as well as to analyze user behavior. Cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. The text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well. We use web beacons (also called single-pixel gifs), for example, to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage of our site and tell if an email has been opened and acted upon.
Third Party Sites and Services
Our site may link to the sites of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content of these sites, and are not responsible for their practices or policies. We recommend our users review the relevant third-party privacy policies to better understand how those sites and services affect their privacy.
Our site employs a variety of third-party services. These include payment gateways, shipping providers, content-distribution networks, advertisers, analytics, and monitoring tools. Some of these services store information about users, and may track individuals across sites, applications, and services. These services may collect information in a similar manner as described above, including, for example, IP address, access times, browser type, language, device type, and device identifiers.
By interacting with the site, certain information about user devices may be exposed to third parties using cookies and other tracking mechanism, these third parties include the entities in the charts below.
Do Not Track (DNT) is a technology which allows users to tell sites they visit that they don’t want to be tracked. It does this by including a special header with each request the browser sends. Where possible without breaking the functionality of our site, we try to honor Do Not Track headers by attempting to serve only third-party services which themselves promise to honor Do Not Track. However, because not all our necessary third-party service providers honor Do Not Track and because implementation s may change from time to time, we cannot guarantee that we will always be successful in all cases.
Services with 3rd party cookies or other tracking technologies:
Service Name
Function on diyaudiostore.com
Privacy policy
Google Analytics
web analytics service
privacy policy
Google Adwords
online advertising service
privacy policy
Automattic
web analytics and anti-spam services
privacy policy
Algolia
Search provider
privacy policy
Youtube
Online video service
privacy policy
Paypal
Online payments
privacy policy
Amazon Payments
Online payments
privacy policy
Facebook Pixel
Online advertising service
privacy policy
Contextly
Web analytics and content recommender service
privacy policy
Shopify
Online payments and store platform
privacy policy
Mailchimp
Email marketing platform
privacy policy
CDNs and content providers:
Service Name
Function on diyaudiostore.com
Privacy policy
Cloudflare
Content Delivery Network
privacy policy
Amazon S3
Static File Hosting
privacy policy
You may find more information on each company's practices, including the choices it offers, by clicking on the above. Come may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), which each provide a simple way to opt out of ad targeting from participating companies., which you can access at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.aspx and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
While we and others give users the choices described in this policy, there are many ways through which web browser signals and other similar mechanisms can indicate user choice to disable tracking, and we may not be aware of nor honor every such mechanism.
How We Use Collected Information
We may collect and use users’ personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information users provide helps us respond to their customer service requests and support needs.
To improve our site
We may use feedback users provide to improve our products and services.
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site.
To provide personalized experiences
To offer our users relevant content and recommendations
To display marketing and advertising tailored to our users on our site and on other sites
To process payments and fulfill orders
We use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order only as described in this policy and to process and fulfill that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent appropriate to provide the service.
To prevent fraud and abuse
We may use the information contained in orders to prevent fraudulent financial transactions and other illicit activity or violations of our terms of service.
We may use network addresses and similar data to block or report abusive and harassing users. In cases involving potential harm to individuals, we may submit personally identifiable information to law enforcement or other third parties.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send users information pertaining to their orders and accounts. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and other requests.
If our users so choose, we may send them emails about products, events, promotions, and offers.
How Collected Information is Shared
Our users may share certain of their information, for example, when users post comments or make forum posts. If a user posts comments or forum posts, they should remember that this information, together with certain user profile information, may be available to the public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information that users choose to make public.
With the exception of the behavioral and analytics data described above and except as set forth below, we do not sell, trade, or rent users’ personally identifiable information to others. However, we may share aggregate demographic information, that does not identify any individual user, with our business partners or service providers.
We may share user information in the following ways:
With user consent. For example, if a user asks us to share their information with our partners.
For the purposes of a merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding involving the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our business or assets.
For legal, protection, security, and safety purposes. Including to comply with law or regulatory requirements, to respond to lawful requests and legal process, to protect our rights and to protect our network, or in an emergency.
How We Protect Your Information
We adopt appropriate practices and security measures designed to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of personal information.
Data exchange between the site and its users happens over a HTTPS secured connection and is encrypted and authorized by digital signatures.
Retention of Personal Information
We retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations. For example, we keep access and error logs on active servers for a maximum of 60 days, for the purposes of improving our user experience.
Location of Personal Information
The personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. Currently, we primarily use data centers in the United States. The storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. We take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.
We transfer personal information from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. When we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. To learn more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal information protections, please visit: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en
Information Choices and Changes
Users may send requests about their personal information to us through our contact information below. They can request to change contact choices or marketing choices and to update, access, delete or make other changes regarding their personal information or content that they post on our site. We may not honor all such requests unless required by law.
Regarding tracking technologies, we and our third party service providers provide our users the choices described above. User can also use browser settings to assert choice regarding cookies. Many web browsers accept cookies by default. Users can usually change their browser's settings to reject and/or to remove many cookies. As the precise means by which this can be done will vary from browser to browser, users can view their browser's help menu for more information. These choices will apply only to the specific browser and device from which the choice was made and may not affect activities on other browsers or different devices. Please note also that choosing to reject or remove cookies may prevent certain features or services of our site from working properly. Since cookie opt-out preferences are also stored in a cookie in a browser, please also note that deleting all cookies, using a different browser, or buying a new computer, may require renewal of opt-out choices.
Our marketing emails tell recipients how to unsubscribe from further marketing emails. After opting out, we may still send non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about accounts and orders.
Deleting an Account
When an account is deleted by a user of the diyAudio Store's online services, certain information associated with the account will be deleted and no will no longer be accessible.
We delete online behavioral data stored on our servers, and will send a deletion request to relevant third party services that collect online behavioral data on our behalf.
Certain information pertaining to monetary transactions, including but not limited to order information and shipping addresses, as well as data that was flagged as suspicious or fraudulent at the time of creation will be retained for as long as appropriate to comply with our legal obligations or resolve legal disputes.
In order to maintain the user experience of the rest of our customers, publicly posted information including forum posts and blog comments may be retained for the purpose of providing continued support to future customers.
We may also retain account information temporarily in backups and short-term logs.
If you choose to delete your account, other data associated with your account will be deleted and inaccessible to you, this includes but is not limited to shopping history, wishlist and shopping cart contents, and personal website preferences. Individual user records may also be deleted on request by emailing contact@diyaudiostore.com.
European Data Protection Rights
If the processing of personal information about you is subject to European Union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
You can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal information;
If any automated processing of personal information is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of your personal information in a usable and portable format;
If the processing of personal information is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing; and
You can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under certain circumstances.
To make such requests, contact us at contact@diyaudiostore.com.  You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
Notification of law enforcement or governmental requests
DIYAUDIO LLC may choose to notify users of requests for their information prior to disclosure where DIYAUDIO LLC is prohibited from doing so by statute or court order (e.g., an order under 18 U.S.C. 2705(b)).
For more on our law enforcement request policies, please read our Law Enforcement Request FAQs.
General Inquiries
Other general inquiries may be sent via e-mail to: contact@diyaudiostore.com
Special Thanks
DIYAUDIO LLC appreciates the work done by Adafruit, Twitter, and SparkFun for their legal request guidelines.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We update this policy in our discretion at any time by posting the amended version here or by providing such notice about or obtaining consent to changes as may be required by applicable law. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: DIYAUDIO LLC30 N Gould StSheridan WY 82801USAcontact@diyaudiostore.com