http://www.badgerbalm.com/t-privacy.aspx
Toggle navigation
Free Shipping with $25 order!FREE Lip Balm with each order!
Cart (0)
Checkout
Login
Healing Products • Healthy Business • Make A Difference
Cart (0)
Checkout
Login
FREE SHIPPING with $25 order!FREE LIP BALM with each order!
Shop
Main Categories
Sun Care
Bug & Outdoor
Face Care
Lip Care
Hand & Body Moisturizers
Baby, Kid & Mom
Muscle & Joint Care
Aromatherapy & Wellness
Sleep Care
Hair Care
Men's Grooming
Specialty Categories
USDA Certified Organic
Unscented
Vegan
Gluten Free
Fair Trade
Rose Beauty
Balms in Tins
More
New Products
Sales & Discounts
Bestsellers
Multi-Pack Discounts
Website Exclusives
Clothing & Accessories
Gifts
Gifts Under $10
All Products
About
Company Info
Who We Are
Family Friendly Workplace
People & Planet
Badger is a B Corp
Badger Events
Company Awards
Videos
Product Info
Ingredient Glossary
Ingredients & Growers
Product Certifications
Frequently Asked Questions
Sunscreen Info
About Badger Sunscreens
Hawaii Sunscreen Ban
Reef Safe Sunscreen
Zinc Oxide & Nanoparticles
What is SPF?
Biodegradable Sunscreen
Badger Sunscreen FAQ
Broad Spectrum UVA UVB
Badger Sunscreen Reviews
Water Resistant Sunscreen
Sunscreen Claims
Sun Safety
Blog
Contact
Contact Us
Visit Badger
Store Locator
Shipping, Ordering & Returns
Press
Careers
Wholesale
My Account
My Orders
Login
Search
Sitewide Sale! Save 25% over $50. Save 15% under $50. Discount applied at checkout.
Introduction
This policy describes the way that the W.S. Badger Company (“we” or “us”) treats personal data that we collect when an individual visits our website or contacts us by email.  We are very serious about protecting your privacy and the security of your personal data.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy please contact us using information at the bottom of this page.
What personal information do we collect?
We collect personal information from you when you:
Register on our site
Place an order
Subscribe to our newsletter
Respond to a survey
Fill in an online contact, request, or event signup form
Submit a product review
Write a comment on the Badger Blog
Contact us directly via email about any aspect of our business, such as sales, charitable giving, quality assurance, etc. (any such reason “Business Contact”).
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. This information is necessary for billing and shipping and to contact you regarding your order.
When you engage in Business Contact with us, we will collect at least the e-mail address you use, as well as any other personal information that you choose to provide, or that is necessary to carry out your request or process your inquiry.
What do we use your information for?
We use personal information for several important business functions:
To process transactions: We use personal information to help us process transactions you initiate. We do not sell, exchange, transfer, or otherwise give personal information related to a transaction to any other entity for any reason without your consent.  When you initiate a transaction on our website, for example, you consent to us sharing your personal information to the extent necessary to carry out the transaction.  We store order history and shipping data for order fulfillment and accounting purposes.  As explained further below, we do not store credit card information.
To send emails related to transactions: We may communicate with you via email regarding subjects pertinent to your communications with us. When you place an order, for example, we will use your email to send you updates about the status of your order.  We do not buy email contact lists, nor do we sell our own email contact lists to other entities.
To provide communications you have requested: If you decide to opt-in to our newsletter, you may receive communications regarding company news, updates, product and service information, etc.  You may un-subscribe from such communications using the “unsubscribe” button in each email.
If you are a resident of the European Union (see below for additional information on privacy rights of residents of the European Union) we rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
Performance of a contract: If you enter into a contract with us, such as an order for our products, we must use certain personal information in order to fulfill the contract. In the case of an order, for example, we may need to use personal information to ship our products, as well as to verify payment information.
Consent: If you choose to register on our website, subscribe to a newsletter, or provide feedback via product reviews, event signup sheets, and similar documents, you consent to our use of personal information to the extent necessary to contact you, including to provide the information you request.
Legitimate interests: We may use personal information provided to us for our legitimate interests in improving our products and services.
How do we protect your financial information?
Credit Card Payments:
When you enter a credit card on our website, your sensitive cardholder data is entered directly onto a Authorize.Net hosted page without leaving W.S. Badger’s website. Your information is then handled by Authorize.Net which is a PCI DSS compliant merchant service provider. Your personal data is stored securely and safely on Authorize.Net’s servers and not held on W.S. Badger's servers or website, and we follow Authorize.Net’s compliant policies with regards to your cardholder information (https://www.authorize.net/solutions/merchantsolutions/merchantservices/security/).
PayPal Payments:
You can also choose to use PCI DSS compliant merchant service provider PayPal to process your payment on W.S. Badger’s website. PayPal’s encryption helps keep your online transactions heavily guarded from start to finish. You can click the option to use PayPal, and will be taken directly to your personal PayPal account in a separate secure window to verify payment information and billing information. Once the payment is processed you will be able to review and place your order with W.S. Badger.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Like many websites we do use cookies to improve your browsing and shopping experience on badgerbalm.com. “Cookies” are tiny bits of information that provides a unique identification to your computer. These help save you time when you visit badgerbalm.com by recognizing who you are, what is in your shopping cart, etc.
Most internet browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You can choose to set your browser to not accept cookies, but this will significantly affect your experience across the internet and is not recommended.
Third Parties on our Website
In order to provide additional functionality to our website we use a few third-party services which may use their own cookies. We recommend you view their privacy policies to learn more or to opt-out of their cookies.
Google – Google Analytics [We use Google Analytics only to measure website traffic and browsing behaviors. We do not pass any personally identifiable information to Google. To learn more about how Google collects and processes data Click Here].
PowerReviews – Product reviews.
Emma – Email lists, including but not limited to the Badger Newsletter, Events at Badger, Trainings and Webinars, etc.
Wufoo – Contact forms and requests, including but not limited to Customer Service Contact, Ecology Center Workshop, Various Trainings, Employment Application, Donation Request, Catalog Request, etc.
Youtube – Hosting some videos on our website.
Vimeo – Hosting some videos on our website.
GoToWebinar – To sign up for our trainings and webinars.
Social Media
Our website contains links to various social media platforms to allow you to share information with your social media contacts. Each of these third party companies its their own privacy policy and terms and conditions and we recommend that you review prior to use.  [While we provide these links for user convenience, we do not receive information about use of these platforms by our website users and customers.]
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information to outside parties. We do transfer personally identifiable information – to the extent necessary – to trusted service providers  who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with lawful requests of public authorities (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements), enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
International Users
For users within the United States, we process all data, including personal information, in data centers located in the United States.  We have adopted reasonable physical, technical, and organizational safeguards against accidental, unauthorized, or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, access, use, or processing of personal data within our possession. We comply with state and federal laws governing the protection of personal information.
For users outside of the United States, we transfer data from outside countries – including the European Union and Switzerland – to data centers located in the United States for processing.  Our processing of personal information is intended to be performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations following the EU Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 (the Directive), and the implementations of the Directive in local legislation. From May 25, 2018 onward, the Directive and local legislation based on the Directive will be replaced by the Regulations (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal information and on the free movement of such data, known as the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  With respect to direct communications with EU residents, we provide the rights required by the GDPR and rely upon such residents’ consent and our legitimate interests in doing business with such residents.  With respect to information we may receive from third-parties regarding an EU resident, we rely upon contractual provisions that are in accordance with the GDPR.
Please note that the European Commission has the power, pursuant to Article 45 of the GDPR, to determine whether the laws of a country outside the European Union provide an adequate level of data protection.  To date, the European Commission has not determined that the state and federal laws of the United States provide European residents an adequate level of data protection.
If you are a resident of the European Union, you have several additional rights under the GDPR regarding personal information:
You have the right to request an accounting of all personal information that we possess that pertains to you in an electronically portable format (e.g., electronic copies of information attached to an email).
You have the right to request that we change any personal information that pertains to you.
You have the right to request that we delete any personal information that pertains to you.
To request an accounting of your personal information, a change to your personal information, or deletion of your personal information, contact [custserv@badgerbalm.com].
If you have a complaint about our use or processing of your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a national Data Protection Authority.  Each European Union member nation has established its own Data Protection Authority; you can find out about the Data Protection Authority in your country here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent except as expressly described herein.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Pursuant to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, our website, products, and services are neither designed to attract nor intended to collect personal information from any user under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian with concerns about potential collection of personal information from a user under 13 years of age, please contact us at: [custserv@badgerbalm.com].
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and other electronic communications with us.  It does not apply to information provided in-person to any of our employees.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions page establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We do sometimes make changes and updates to our website and/or third-party services to improve the online learning and shopping experience and these changes may affect the way we collect and use your personal data. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contact Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may email, call or write us at:
custserv@badgerbalm.com
800-603-6411 or 603-357-2958
W.S. Badger CompanyPO Box 58768 Route 10Gilsum, NH 03448
Click Here to read our Terms and Conditions.
Our representative in the European Union for data privacy purposes is: [Foley Hoag,153 rue du Faubourg Saint-Honoré, 75008 Paris, France tel: +33.01.70.36.61.30].
This policy was last updated May 2019
Click to join our email list and get a 15% off coupon now!
Call:800-603-6100 Email:custserv@badgerbalm.com
Home | Store Locator | Privacy | Terms
Shop
New Products
All Products
Baby & Kids
Lip Balm
Man Care
Sleep
Mineral Sunscreen
About
Who We Are
B-Corp
Events
Ingredients
Mineral Sunscreen Info
Videos
FAQ
Contact
Customer Service
Store Locator
Visit Badger
Shipping, Ordering & Returns
Press
Careers
Wholesale Info
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Youtube
Blog
Custom formulated & produced with care by the W.S. Badger Company:makers of mineral sunscreens, coral reef safe sunscreens, organic lip balms, all-natural bug repellents, and other powerfully pure body care products.
768 Route 10 Gilsum, New Hampshire 03448 • USA • 800-603-6100 or 603-357-2958
© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy   •   Terms and Conditions   •   Site Map
e
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
Loading...