http://www.willygoat.com/policies/privacy-policy
America’s Premier Playground Supplier
Call Us(888) 920-4628
Email Ushelp@willygoat.com
Opens Mobile Menu
0Opens Shopping Cart
Search Icon
WillyGoat Toys & Playgrounds
Home
Playground
Climbing Elements
Dog Park Equipment
Interactive Play Equipment
Merry Go Rounds
Musical Elements
Obstacle Course Playgrounds
Playground Borders & Ramps
Playground Equipment
6 to 24 Months
2 to 5 Years
5 and Older
All Play Structures
Playground Fitness
Playground Games
Playground Slides
See Saws
Shade Structures
Spring Riders
Swing Sets
Swing Set Accessories
Water Slides
Park
Bicycle Racks
Dog Park Equipment
Musical Elements
Outdoor Workout Equipment
Park Benches
Park Grills
Picnic Tables
Premium Park Amenities
Rails, Ramps, and Borders
Shade Structures
Sporting Goods
Trash Receptacles
Trike Paths
Backyard & Toys
Backyard Spring Riders
Bounce Houses
Educational Toys
Electric Vehicles
Garden Compost Bins
Greenhouse Kits
Portable Greenhouses
Sandboxes
Slide Tunnels
Trampolines
Wooden Swing Sets
Wooden Swing Set Accessories
Helpful Links
WillyGoat FAQs
WillyBlog
Commercial Quoting
Terms of Service
About Us
Contact Us
0Opens Shopping Cart
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Opens Quote
Opens Account Menu
My Account
Welcome to WillyGoat Toys & Playgrounds!
Login
Create Account
Opens Search Menu
Search Icon
Search Icon
Privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
WillyGoat, LLC (“WillyGoat,” “our,” “us,” or “we”) respects your privacy. We created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you access and use our Website, or create an account via the Website, and how we use it, as well as our information sharing and protection practices.
This Privacy Policy applies to:
The website www.willygoat.com (the “Website”); and
Any email, text and other electronic communications you send to WillyGoat through the Website.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to:
Information we collect through other websites, products or services we may offer; and
Information collected by third parties, which may have their own privacy policies.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and save it. If you do not agree with it, you should not access the Website. By using the Website or by submitting electronic communications to us through the Website, you consent to the practices prescribed in this Privacy Policy.
WHAT INFORMATION DOES WILLYGOAT COLLECT?
Personal Information. When we refer to “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean any information by which you may be personally identified or contacted, whether online or offline.  When you purchase products through the Website or otherwise fill out any forms located on the Website, we may collect certain Personal Information from you, such as your first and last name, home or other physical address, email address, phone number, and credit card or other payment information. It is always your choice whether or not to provide Personal Information. If you choose not to provide requested Personal Information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Website.
Technical Information. We may also collect and use technical data and related information, such as information about your device, system and application software, peripherals and other data related to your interactions with the Website (“Technical Information”).  We may automatically collect Technical Information through cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and log files. The information we collect from these technologies may include your IP address, device ID, browser information and the page you request.  WillyGoat does not consider this information to be Personal Information.
Geo-Location Information. We may also collect information about your geographic location from you or your device, including your country, region, city, zip code, street address, time zone, latitude, longitude, velocity, bearing, altitude and horizontal position representation information (“Geo-Location Information”).
Online Tracking and Do Not Track Signals. We may use the Website and the Service to collect information from your web browser about your activities over time and across third-party websites, applications or other online services (“Online Tracking Information”). Your web browser may allow you to opt-out of our collection of Online Tracking Information by selecting a “do not track” (or similar) setting. However, we do not currently have processes to address those settings or other “do not track” requests, and consequently, cannot guarantee that we will honor such requests. If you do not want us to collect this information, do not use the Website or the Service.
INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose Information through any public-facing features of the Website, that Information can be collected and used by others. You submit this Information at your own risk.  We are not responsible for the security or privacy of any Information you choose to submit in connection with these public features.
HOW DOES WILLYGOAT USE INFORMATION?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms of Service or similar document, Personal Information, Technical Information, Geo-Location Information and Online Tracking Information (collectively, “Information”) that you provide or that we collect will be kept confidential and used to support your relationship with WillyGoat.
WE MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION, INCLUDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, AS FOLLOWS:
1) To provide support and other services to you related to the Website.
2) For order fulfillment, billing and delivery purposes.
3) To improve, market or promote WillyGoat’s products and services.
4) To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new products and services offered by WillyGoat or its third party partners.
5) To respond to comments, questions or requests for customer service.
6) To display advertisements.
7) For any other purpose we may describe when you provide the Information.
We may also use your Information for any other purpose with your consent.
DATA AND BLIND DATA
You own all right, title, and interest in and to any data (excluding Technical Information) that we collect from you via your use of and interaction with the Service (“Data”). We do not consider this to be Personal Information.  You also grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, sublicensable, royalty free license to use any data we collect based on your use of the Website in order to provide, monitor and improve the Website and to compile, synthesize and analyze this Data (“Blind Data”), such as to generate anonymous usage statistics. If we generate Blind Data, it will be owned by us and we may use it for any lawful business purpose. Any Blind Data will not personally identify you or the source of the Data.
INFORMATION WE SHARE
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, WillyGoat does not share, rent or sell your Personal Information collected through the Website with third parties.
WillyGoat or its agents, vendors or contractors may disclose Information, including your Personal Information, to third parties in the following circumstances:
To our agents, vendors or contractors that we use to support the internal operations of our business (including to Shopify Inc., our ecommerce partner) who are required to keep the Information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
If required to do so by law, comply with legal process or to comply with a governmental or regulatory request;
To protect and defend the rights or property of WillyGoat or its agents or contractors;
To enforce our Terms of Service or other WillyGoat agreements;
To act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public; and
As part of a transaction or potential transaction where WillyGoat merges with another organization, files for bankruptcy, or sells its assets or capital stock.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect the Information. Despite the actions and precautions we take, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the Information and you acknowledge and agree that you transmit it to us at your own risk.
THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES, SERVICES AND TECHNOLOGIES
We may provide links to third-party websites on the Website or in other communications to you. These links may appear as a specific domain name or URL or may be activated by clicking on an advertisement or other icon or graphic. Please be aware that other websites and services, including the websites of third parties that you connect with through the Website, may collect personally identifiable information about you. We cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection practices of any third-party websites, services or applications. We encourage you to carefully review their terms of use, privacy policies, and any other legal notifications before using or providing information through such websites, services or applications.
Further, the Website may employ third party technologies that require you to accept such third party’s terms. For example, Shopify Inc. provides us with an online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.  Shopify Inc.’s privacy policy is available at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Information collected from you may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which WillyGoat or its affiliates, subsidiaries, agents or contractors maintain facilities. If you are accessing the Website from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your data to the United States and processing globally.  By providing your Information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13.  We do not knowingly collect Information from children under 13. If you believe that we may have collected Information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at info@willygoat.com.
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
We may need to communicate with you about the Website, and we would like to make certain commercial offers available to you from time to time. As such, by signing up for our newsletter or by creating an account on the Website, you consent to receive commercial messages (whether by phone, email, text or push notifications) from us or our third party partners, and acknowledge and agree that your primary phone numbers and email addresses and other information may be used for the purpose of initiating commercial messages.  We will allow you to opt-out of receiving commercial messages, but in order to stop receiving any messages from us whatsoever (including administrative messages regarding the Website), you will need to terminate your account.
Depending on your browser, you may be able to remove and reject cookies from our Website by changing your browser settings. The default setting of many browsers is set to accept cookies until you change your settings. Please note that if you disable or refuse cookies, certain features of the Website may become inaccessible or may not function properly.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This is our entire Privacy Policy and it replaces any earlier version. We may change this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on the Website, and it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
When we do change the Privacy Policy, we will also revise the “revised” date. Your continued use of the Website after such date constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
CONTACTING WILLYGOAT
For questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at info@willygoat.com or by mail at 333 Texas Street, Suite 2121, Shreveport, Louisiana, 71101.
Call Us
Email Us
Contact Us
Helpful Links
Search Our Site
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Shipping Policy
Terms of Service
About WillyGoat
We are a small business specializing in playground equipment for over 20 years.
Questions? Feel free to give us a call! 888-920-4628
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
Opens Facebook Page
Opens Instagram Page
© 2020 WillyGoat Toys & Playgrounds
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
JCB
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa
Back to top button