https://www.overlander.co.uk/privacy-policy/
support@overlander.co.uk
Free UK delivery on orders over £120
01524 793328
Free UK delivery on orders over £120
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of Krystan Ltd T/a Overlander Batteries. In this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to Krystan Ltd T/a Overlander Batteries.
We are company number 02012986 registered in UK.
Our registered office is at Unit 1 Jesmond Dene Trading Est, School Lane, Forton, Preston, PR3 0AT
Introduction
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.
We regret that if there are one or more points below with which you are not happy, your only recourse is to leave our website immediately.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us, and hope that you reciprocate.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at www.knowyourprivacyrights.org .
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
The bases on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which of six defined bases we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category.
If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
1. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us.
In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.
We may use it in order to:
1.1   verify your identity for security purposes
1.2   sell products to you
1.3   provide you with our services
1.4   provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website.
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally identifiable.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.
2. Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. We may aggregate it in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor the performance of a particular page on our website.
If you have given us explicit permission to do so, we may from time to time pass your name and contact information to selected associates whom we consider may provide services or products you would find useful.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us support@overlander.co.uk. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use our website or our services further.
3. Information we process because we have a legal obligation
We are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal information.
Specific uses of information you provide to us
4. Reviews you post on our website
Our website allows you to post reviews about the product or service you have purchased with a view to that information being read or used by other people.
We do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be displayed on our website.
We do store it, and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any way we decide.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete your review with your personal information that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at support@overlander.co.uk .
5. Information relating to your method of payment
Our site uses an online ordering system for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their names, address, telephone number and e-mail address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. Financial information that is collected is used to charge the user for products and services At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of SagePay and PayPal. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.
6. Sending a message to our support team
When you contact us through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business.
We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service.
7. Complaining
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us.
We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
8. Affiliate and business partner information
This is information given to us by you in your capacity as an affiliate of us or as a business partner.
It allows us to recognise visitors that you have referred to us, and to credit to you commission due for such referrals. It also includes information that allows us to transfer commission to you.
The information is not used for any other purpose.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of the information and of the terms of our relationship.
We expect any affiliate or partner to agree to reciprocate this policy.
Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website
9. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you visit a website. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalised experience, and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
Our website uses third party cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.
An example is that we use Google Analytics to measure the performance of our website.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
to improve the website’s usability;
to analyse your use of our website;
to provide certain interactive functionality, such as remembering your answers to previous questions on a multi-page questionnaire.
Most of browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies, and to delete ones that have been placed on your computer.
If you do not want us to use cookies, you may disable their use in your browser. However, if you do so then please note that you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
9.1 First Party Cookies
These are cookies that are set by this website directly.
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on. This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information.We therefore do not collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.co.uk/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
WordPress: Our websites runs the popular WordPress CMS and cookies are used to store basic data on your interactions with WordPress, and whether you have logged into WordPress. We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you if you are a registered user and we deem these as being strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
More information on session cookies and what they are used for at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
9.2 Third Party Cookies
These are cookies set on your machine by external websites whose services are used on this site. Cookies of this type are the sharing buttons across the site allow visitors to share content onto social networks. Cookies are currently set by LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites, there are scripts from domains outside of our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
The following is strictly necessary in the operation of our website.
This Website Will:
Remember what is in your shopping basket
Remember where you are in the order process
Remember that you are logged in and that your session is secure.  You need to be logged in to complete an order.
The following are not Strictly Necessary, but are required to provide you with the best user experience and also to tell us which pages you find most interesting (anonymously).
This website will not
Share any personal information with third parties.
We at Overlander guarantee our commitment to respecting and protecting your online privacy.
This includes your need and your right to know what we do with the personal information you share with us. It also guides our company’s policies regarding the management of this data, including how the information is collected, processed, and for what purposes.
“Key Multimedia”: refers to the web pages. By accessing this website you are consenting to the way information is collected and used, as described within this Privacy Policy.
In return, Key Multimedia gives the commitment that we will use the personal data you provide only in ways that are compatible with the following Privacy Policy.
9.3 Shopping Cart
We use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you and what you’ve put in the shopping basket. These we deem strictly necessary to the working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken.
9.4 Emails
Some emails that we send you have no tracking in at all e.g. service emails with invoices attached. Other emails we send we can track, at an individual level, whether the user has opened and clicked on the email. We do not use this information at a personal level, rather we use it to understand open and click rates on our emails to try and improve them. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked then you should opt out of our emails which you can do via the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email we send.
Disclosure and sharing of your information
10. Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice), we sometimes receive data that is indirectly made up from your personal information from third parties whose services we use.
No such information is personally identifiable to you.
11. Credit reference
To assist in combating fraud, we share information with credit reference agencies, so far as it relates to clients or customers who instruct their credit card issuer to cancel payment to us without having first provided an acceptable reason to us and given us the opportunity to refund their money.
12. Data may be processed outside the European Union
Our websites are hosted in UK.
We may also use outsourced services in countries outside the European Union from time to time in other aspects of our business.
Accordingly data obtained within the UK or any other country could be processed outside the European Union.
Access to your own information
13. Access to your personal information
13.1   At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
13.2   To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you may send us a request at support@overlander.co.uk
13.3   After receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information, and whether we require any fee for providing it to you.
14. Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at support@overlander.co.uk .
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
15. Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
Other matters
16. Use of site by children
16.1   We do not collect the personal information for children under the age of 13. We are prohibited from conditioning a child's participation in an activity on the child disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary. In cases where we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child, the parent can always review this information, choose to have this information deleted from our records and refuse to permit further collection or use of this information.
16.2   If you are under 18, you may use our website only with consent from a parent or guardian
17. How you can complain
17.1   If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if you have any complaint then you should tell us by email. Our address is support@overlander.co.uk .
17.2   If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
17.3   If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office. This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/
18. Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
18.1   to provide you with the services you have requested;
18.2   to comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;
18.3   to support a claim or defence in court.
19. Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law of every country or legal jurisdiction in which we aim to do business. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear from you.
However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
20. Review of this privacy policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website. We advise you to print a copy for your records.
If you have any question regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Cookies and Privacy
This website use cookies to ensure you get the best user experience on our website.
Accept
Decline
Read our Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings