https://www.outinstyle.com/policies
Camo Face Paint
Optics
Ghillie Suits
DVDs & Manuals
Military Accessories
Shop Now
Optics
Tents
Sleeping Bags
Beds
Tools
Blankets
Water & Food
Camping Accessories
Camping Gear
Food Preparation
Paracord
Pepper Spray
Compasses
Shop Now
Backpacks
Messenger Bags & Bags
Military Duffle Bags & Cargo Bags
Military Gear Bags
Military & Tactical Pouches
Canvas Bags
Leather Bags
Medical Bags
Hydration Packs
Shop Now
Women's Pants
Women's Shorts & Skirts
Women's T-Shirts & Tank Tops
Women's Shirts
Women's Vintage
Women's Outerwear
Infant clothing
Women's Underwear
Children Clothing
Women's Accessories
Women's Headwear
Women's Sweatshirts
Women's Swimwear
Women's Sweatpants
Shop Now
Policies
Order types accepted:
Via Internet: You can order products on our website by selecting the "Add To Cart" button listed next to each item. A virtual "Shopping Cart" will appear on the bottom left side of your screen showing what you have in your cart. When you are ready to check-out, you will be sent to our secure check-out page where you will be asked to enter your information and your credit card will be validated. This validation is usually accomplished in less then 10 seconds. (Note: The address you request for shipping, and the address listed on your credit card MUST match, if they do not, you must call the credit card company and authorize the alternate address for shipping.)
Via Post Mail: You can place an order by mail even if you do not have an order form. To do so, simply write down the item numbers of the products you wish to order, be sure to indicate the size, color, material, or any other specifics that the site usually asks for. If you are not sure, simply click on the item you are interested in, and a detail page will open showing a larger picture, a detailed description, and what options, if any, are available for that item. Be sure to add the appropriate shipping charge to your total and mail along with check, money order or your credit card info. Remit to:
Out In Style, Inc.
POB 100-258
Brooklyn, NY 11210
Via Fax: Follow the same guidelines listed for Post Mail. You can then fax your completed order form to 718-421-1833. Sorry, but only credit card orders are accepted via fax.
Via Telephone: Just call 1-800-473-0308. Always a Free Call!
Payment types accepted:
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, Check / Money Order, or Wire Transfer.
We will accept orders on a Net 30 basis from Local, State, and Federal agencies with a faxed, signed purchase order. Other entities may be eligible for credit terms based on submission and validation of a credit application. For more info please call 1-718-258-0124.
Return/Exchange policy:
Please see the return page at http://www.outinstyle.com/rma
Shipping rates:
We are proud to offer our customers a simple flat rate fee for ALL orders shipped via UPS Ground. The rate is $9.95 per order. This rate remains the same whether you order 1 item or 1,000 items. YOU PAY JUST ONE LOW RATE! This applies ONLY to orders shipped to the continental United States, and excludes: Canada, Puerto Rico, Alaska, Hawaii, and any other area not serviced by UPS Ground.
Unless otherwise specified, ALL orders will be shipped via UPS Ground.
Please Note: UPS 3 Day Air, UPS 2 Day Air, UPS/FEDEX Overnight, USPS Priority Mail, USPS Express, USPS Air Mail, and UPS Overseas delivery are services that ARE available for additional fees.
Please Note: The $9.95 flat rate is a DISCOUNTED rate and is NOT available for any wholesale or bulk orders that are already receiving a quantity price discount.
Sales Tax:
Inside New York State: Tax will be charged for sales delivered in NY State.
Outside New York State: For sales delivered outside the State of NY, we do not collect any sales tax. It is the sole responsibility of the purchaser to determine how much sales tax, if any, is due and to forward that amount to the appropriate agency.
Outside the USA: For sales delivered outside the USA, our Shipping & Handling charge does NOT include any Taxes, Customs & Duties charged by your Country. ALL DUTIES, CUSTOMS & TAXES are the responsibility of the customer. Most orders are shipped from Brooklyn, NY.
Our Pledge to You, Our Customer
Outinstyle respects your privacy. We do not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented.
Use of Information
Outinstyle will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. Examples of such information are: name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, birthday, and product commentary.
Outinstyle may share non-personal aggregate or summary information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties, but Outinstyle does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level.
Outinstyle recommends that if you are providing information on behalf of a child, use the parent or guardian's e-mail address and obtain permission from the parent or guardian.
Cookies
Outinstyle uses a feature of your Internet Web browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. Outinstyle creates and then uses these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through the Outinstyle Web site.
Outinstyle only uses cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited Outinstyle previously, and to help us determine whether you came to Outinstyle from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement.
Cookies can also be used to help save and retrieve passwords used on the Outinstyle site and to save information on past purchases and other preferences. That way, you won't have to reenter information upon every new visit to the Outinstyle Web site. Cookies cannot be used by Outinstyle to retrieve any personal information about you unless you have previously purchased from or registered with Outinstyle. Outinstyle does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless such information was knowingly and willingly provided by you.
Outinstyle is a licensed member of many security Programs to ensure that your Privacy is fully protected.
If Outinstyle does not respond satisfactorily to an inquiry you have about its privacy policy, contact any of the organazations below, who will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
Watchdog Certified Merchant
As a Certified Merchant of WebWatchdog, we have agreed to abide by WebWatchdog's privacy policy. If you have further questions about Outinstyle's privacy policy, please e-mail us.
Rest assured, with WebAssured
Subject to certain restrictions, when consumers have incurred a financial loss due to the misconduct of a member firm, AND have been unable to resolve a dispute through our AdDResSsm system,
WE WILL REFUND THE CONSUMER'S MONEY DIRECTLY!
We are proud to be able to offer this valuable service through a partnership with Lloyd's who underwrites these claims. All WebAssured.com members who have been in good standing for at least six months are automatically granted coverage for up to $200 per transaction, and are given the opportunity to purchase higher levels of coverage if appropriate for their business. Consumers can see the specific On-line Purchase Protectionsm coverage in effect for each member by reviewing The dAtabasesm. WebAssured.com retains the right to revoke this coverage for members when such action is indicated. The On-line Purchase Protectionsm program and our partnership with Lloyd's are unique benefits offered exclusively by WebAssured.com
Free Shipping Nationwide
On orders over $75.00 shipping in the USA*
Quick Shipping
Most orders ship same day, 99% of orders ship within 24 hours
Price Match Guarantee
Find a lower price? We will BEAT it!**
Shop with confidence, easy 30 day Return Policy
Out In Style was opened in 1994 as the first online Army Navy store. Today OutInStyle.com has grown into a sizeable internet retailer known as the source for camping, military, law enforcement and disaster relief products where 99% of orders ship within 24 hours.
Customer Support
Track Your Order
Returns
Contact Us
Company Info
About Us
Press
Policies
Wholesale
Email Sign Up
GO
Follow Us
Electronic Payments
Home
About Us
Returns & Exchanges
Wholesale
Contact Us
Order Status
Policies
Press
Size/Color Charts
Out In Style Inc, © Copyright 1994-2016