https://www.sstack.com/privacy-security/a/info-0016/
Contact Us
Sign In
Horse Blankets & Sheets
Shop All Horse Blankets & Sheets
New Arrivals Closeouts
Back All Horse Blankets & Sheets
Horse Blankets
Back All Horse Blankets
Waterproof Turnout Blankets & Sheets
Stable Blankets & Sheets
Blanket Hoods & Neck Covers
Horse Sheets
Back All Horse Sheets
Stable Sheets for Horses
Waterproof Turnout Sheets & Rain Sheets
Therapeutic Sheets
Horse Fly Sheets & Neck Covers
Coolers, Sleazy Slickers & Neck Sweats
Back All Coolers, Sleazy Slickers & Neck Sweats
Coolers & Horse Show Covers
Sleazy Slickers
Horse Neck Sweats
Blanket & Sheet Specialty Sizes
Back All Blanket & Sheet Specialty Sizes
Pony Blankets and Pony Sheets
Miniature Horse Blankets & Sheets
Foal Blankets & Sheets
Draft Horse Blankets & Sheets
Dog Coats & Accessories
Back All Dog Coats & Accessories
Dog Coats & Jackets
Dog Grooming & Care
Blanket Racks, Bags, & Accessories
Blankets & Sheets Closeouts
Back All Blankets & Sheets Closeouts
Turnout Blankets & Sheets Closeouts
Blankets & Sheets New Arrivals
Fly & UV Protection
Shop All Fly & UV Protection
Fly New Arrivals Horse Fly Sheets On Sale
Back All Fly & UV Protection
Horse Fly Sheets & Neck Covers
Back All Horse Fly Sheets & Neck Covers
Horse Fly Sheets
Horse Fly Sheet Neck Covers
Horse Fly Masks & Fly Boots
Back All Horse Fly Masks & Fly Boots
Horse Fly Masks
Horse Fly Boots
Fly Sprays & Repellents for Horses
Draft Horse, Pony & Mini Horse Fly Sheets
Back All Draft Horse, Pony & Mini Horse Fly Sheets
Draft Horse Fly Sheets & Accessories
Miniature Horse Fly Sheets & Accessories
Pony Fly Sheets & Accessories
Blanket Racks, Bags, & Accessories
Fly New Arrivals
Horse Fly Sheets On Sale
Horse Tack
Shop All Horse Tack
Horse Tack New Arrivals Horse Tack Closeouts
Back All Horse Tack
Horse Bridles
Back All Horse Bridles
English Bridles
Western Bridles & Headstalls
Bitless Bridles, Side Pull & Training Bridles
English & Western Reins
Bridle Hooks & Tack Racks
Bridle & Halter Bags
Horse Bits
Back All Horse Bits
English Horse Bits
Western Bits
Draft Horse Bits
Shop by Brand
Curb Straps & Bit Accessories
Horse Saddles
Back All Horse Saddles
English Saddles for Horses
Western Saddles
Saddle Covers and Cases
Saddle Accessories
Stirrups, Irons & Stirrup Leathers
Back All Stirrups, Irons & Stirrup Leathers
Stirrup Leathers
English Stirrups & Irons
Western Stirrups
Saddle Pads
Back All Saddle Pads
English Saddle Pads
Western Saddle Blankets & Pads
Shop by Brand
Correction Saddle Pads
Bareback Pads
Saddle Pad Racks and Cases
Saddle Pad Accessories
Girths & Cinches
Back All Girths & Cinches
Dressage Girths for Horses
English Saddle Girths
Western Saddle Cinches
Horse Training Equipment
Back All Horse Training Equipment
Side, Training & Draw Reins for Horses
Training and Lunging Cavesons
Bitless Bridles, Side Pull & Training Bridles
Martingales & Training Forks
Western Breastcollars For Horses
English Breastplates
Riding Crops & Dressage Whips
Surcingles
Long Lines & Lunge Lines
Horse Neck Sweats
Horse Halters & Leads
Back All Horse Halters & Leads
Leather Halters
Breakaway Halters
Nylon Horse Halters
Rope Halters for Horses
Horse Lead Ropes
Silver Horse Show Halters & Show Leads
Arabian Show Halters, Leads & Chains
Horse Boots & Leg Wraps
Back All Horse Boots & Leg Wraps
Horse Leg Wraps & Vet Wrap
Soaking & Ice Boots
Bell Boots
Horse Protection & Support Boots
Hoof Boots for Horses
Shipping Boots and Wraps
Therapeutic Boots & Wraps
Shop Horse Boots by Brand
Horse Trail Riding Gear
Back All Horse Trail Riding Gear
Trail Riding Saddles & Tack
Trail Riding Accessories
Trail Riding Saddle Bags & Storage
Leather Care & Silver Polish
Horse Tack New Arrivals
Horse Tack Closeouts
Horse Care
Shop All Horse Care
Horse Care New Arrivals Horse Care Closeouts
Back All Horse Care
Horse Supplements
Back All Horse Supplements
Calming Supplements
Electrolytes & Salt Licks
Hoof Supplements
Horse Minerals and Vitamins
Joint Supplements
Metabolic Supplements for Horses
Muscle & Weight Gain Supplements
Pain Relief & Miscellaneous Supplements for Horses
Respiratory Supplements for Horses
Horse Coat & Skin Supplements
Ulcer & Digestive Supplements for Horses
Wormer
Fly Sprays & Repellents for Horses
Grazing Muzzles, Cribbing Collars & Vice Control
Back All Grazing Muzzles, Cribbing Collars & Vice Control
Bathing & Grooming
Back All Bathing & Grooming
Bathing & Grooming Tools
Horse Clippers & Trimmers
Shampoos, Conditioners & Polishes
Manes & Tails
Hoof Care & Polish
Horse Neck Sweats
Grooming Racks & Totes
Horse First Aid
Back All Horse First Aid
Horse Leg Wraps & Vet Wrap
Soaking & Ice Boots
Horse Treats
Horse Toys
Equine Therapy
Back All Equine Therapy
Shop by Therapy Type
Shop Therapy by Body Area
Horse Boots & Leg Wraps
Back All Horse Boots & Leg Wraps
Horse Leg Wraps & Vet Wrap
Soaking & Ice Boots
Bell Boots
Horse Protection & Support Boots
Hoof Boots for Horses
Shipping Boots and Wraps
Therapeutic Boots & Wraps
Shop Horse Boots by Brand
Horse Care New Arrivals
Horse Care Closeouts
Stable
Shop All Stable
New Arrivals - Stable Supplies and Accessories Clearance - Stable Supplies and Accessories
Back All Stable
Tack Room Organization Ideas and Hacks
Back All Tack Room Organization Ideas and Hacks
Saddle Racks
Horse Saddle Carts
Saddle Stands for Horses
Saddle Pad Racks and Cases
Bridle Hooks & Tack Racks
Tack Racks
Horse Blanket Racks and Bars
Tack Trunks and Boxes for Horses
Clothing, Hat & Helmet Racks
Stable, Stall, & Show
Back All Stable, Stall, & Show
Horse Stall Mats and Stable Flooring
Horse Stall & Aisle Guards
Stall Gates for Horses
Horse Signs and Stall Nameplates
Box Fans & Holders
Horse Stall Hardware and Accessories
Cross Ties, Rings and Accessories
Horse Measuring Stick for Monitoring Growth
Horse Shelters & Fence
Equestrian Bags and Horse Tack Totes
Back All Equestrian Bags and Horse Tack Totes
Equestrian Backpacks
Bridle & Halter Bags
Saddle Covers and Cases
Horse Riding Helmet Bags
Western Hat Cans and Cowboy Hat Cases
Equestrian Boot Bags
Garment Bags
Blanket Bags for Horses
Stable Storage & Gear Bags
Trailer Supplies
Back All Trailer Supplies
Horse Trailer Ties
Wheel Chocks and Trailer Jacks
Shipping Boots and Wraps
Horse Trailer Water Tanks
Horse Trailer Accessories
Horse Show Supplies and Equipment
Back All Horse Show Supplies and Equipment
Stall Drapes for Horse Shows
Tack Trunks and Boxes for Horses
Director's Chairs for Horse Shows and Stables
Arena Supplies
Dressage Arena Supplies
Horse Mounting Blocks
Manure Management Supplies
Back All Manure Management Supplies
Stall Forks and Accessories
Muck Buckets and Manure Carts
Wall Mounted Tool Holders
Hay, Water & Grain
Back All Hay, Water & Grain
Horse Hay Feeders, Hay Nets and Hay Bags
Water Buckets & Accessories
Grain Feeders & Accessories
Grooming Racks & Totes
Stable New Arrivals
Stable Closeouts
Rider
Shop All Rider
Rider New Arrivals Rider Closeouts
Back All Rider
Western Cowboy Boots
Western Cowboy Hats
Western Hat Cans and Cowboy Hat Cases
Western Show Clothes
Back All Western Show Clothes
Western Show Shirts
Western Show Pants
Western Scarves
Magnetic Number Holders for Horse Shows
Western Belts
Western Chaps
Western Jeans
Western Spurs
Western Spur Straps
English Riding Boots
Back All English Riding Boots
Field Boots
Paddock Boots
Half Chaps
Winter Riding Boots
River Boots
Equestrian Boot Bags
Boot Jacks & Hooks
Boot Trees
Socks & Boot Accessories
Horseback Riding Helmets & Accessories
Horse Riding Helmet Bags
Equestrian Safety Vests
Breeches & Riding Pants for Women & Kids
Back All Breeches & Riding Pants for Women & Kids
Knee Patch Breeches
Full Seat Breeches
Breeches by Brand
English Show Clothes
Back All English Show Clothes
Show Shirts
Equestrian Show Coats
Riding Gloves
Stock Ties
English Belts
Leather Bracelets & Rider Gifts
English Spurs
English Spur Straps
Casual Shoes & Muck Boots
Equestrian Casual Clothing
Back All Equestrian Casual Clothing
Horse Hoodies & Sweatshirts
Equestrian Sun Shirts
Horse Shirts
Outerwear & Layering
Ball Caps
Driving Moccasins
Quarter Horse Congress Jackets
Underwear & Support
Rider Communication
Garment Bags
Rider New Arrivals
Rider Closeouts
Gifts
Shop All Gifts
Back All Gifts
Gift Certificates
Custom Shop
Back All Custom Shop
Embroidery
Engraving
Horse Show & Association Awards
Gift Guide
Back All Gift Guide
Gifts Under $10
Gifts Under $100
Best-Selling Gifts
Gifts for the Western Rider
Gifts for the English Rider
Shop by Discipline
Shop All Shop by Discipline
Back All Shop by Discipline
Shop Western
Back All Shop Western
Western Show Tack
Western Work & Training Tack
Western Saddle Blankets & Pads
Western Accessories
Western Rider
Shop English
Back All Shop English
English Bridles & Bits
English Saddles & Tack Accessories
English Accessories
English Rider
Shop Trail Riding
Back All Shop Trail Riding
Trail Riding Saddles & Tack
Trail Riding Accessories
Trail Riding Saddle Bags & Storage
Shop Dressage
Back All Shop Dressage
Dressage Bridles & Bits
Dressage Saddles & Tack Accessories
Dressage Saddle Pads
Dressage Accessories
Dressage Rider Apparel
Shop Hunter/Jumper
Back All Shop Hunter/Jumper
Hunter/Jumper Bridles & Bits
Hunter/Jumper Saddles & Tack Accessories
Hunter/Jumper Accessories
Hunter Jumper Rider Clothing & Apparel
Shop Eventing
Back All Shop Eventing
Eventing Bridles & Bits
Eventing Saddles & Tack Accessories
Eventing Accessories
Eventing Rider
Shop Saddleseat
Back All Shop Saddleseat
Saddleseat Bridles & Bits
Saddleseat Saddles & Tack Accessories
Shop by Breed
Shop All Shop by Breed
Back All Shop by Breed
Shop Quarter Horse
Back All Shop Quarter Horse
Quarter Horse Blankets & Sheets
Quarter Horse Show Halters & Leads
Quarter Horse Show Tack
Quarter Horse Training Tack
Shop Arabian
Back All Shop Arabian
Arabian Blankets & Sheets
Arabian Show Halters, Leads & Chains
Arabian Show Tack
Arabian Training Tack
Shop Thoroughbred
Back All Shop Thoroughbred
Thoroughbred Blankets & Sheets
Thoroughbred Tack
Shop Warmblood
Back All Shop Warmblood
Warmblood Blankets & Sheets
Warmblood Tack
Shop Draft
Back All Shop Draft
Draft Horse Blankets & Sheets
Draft Horse Fly Sheets & Accessories
Draft Horse Tack
Shop Pony & Mini
Back All Shop Pony & Mini
Pony Blankets and Pony Sheets
Miniature Horse Blankets & Sheets
Pony Fly Sheets & Accessories
Miniature Horse Fly Sheets & Accessories
Pony & Mini Tack
New
Shop All New
Back All New
Blankets & Sheets New Arrivals
Fly New Arrivals
Horse Tack New Arrivals
Horse Care New Arrivals
Stable New Arrivals
Rider New Arrivals
Sale & Closeouts
Shop All Sale & Closeouts
Back All Sale & Closeouts
Current Promotions
Back All Current Promotions
Professional's Choice Deals
Closeouts Recently Added
Closeouts Recently Reduced
Closeouts Final Markdown
Closeouts 50% Off
Blankets & Sheets Closeouts
Back All Blankets & Sheets Closeouts
Turnout Blankets & Sheets Closeouts
Horse Fly Sheets On Sale
Horse Tack Closeouts
Horse Care Closeouts
Stable Closeouts
Rider Closeouts
Learn Blanket Finder Help
Live Chat Message Us
Call Us 1-800-365-1311
We're available:
Monday - Friday: 8:30 am - 7:00 pm
Saturday: 10:00 am - 5:00 pm
Email Us
Email your question or comment to service@sstack.com
Customer Service Center
Find information on topics such as shipping, order tracking, returns, exchanges, warranties, international orders & more. Visit Customer Service page
FREE SHIPPING on orders over $100
1-800-365-1311
FREE SHIPPING on orders over $100
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
4% Rewards on Every Purchase
Low-Price Guarantee
Trusted Since 1948
Privacy & Security SStack.com is the web site of Schneider Saddlery Co., Inc. We hope you enjoy your visit. We know you're concerned about protecting your privacy and security online, and so are we. Schneiders has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security.
We Protect Your Information
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alterations of the information under our control. All customer information is transferred using state-of-the-art SSL technology to encrypt your personal information before it is sent. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology is the industry standard in Internet encryption. It encrypts all your personal information including your name, credit card number, and address so that it cannot be read as the information travels from you to sstack.com. You may have seen the McAfee Secure™ logo on our website. McAfee Secure is a well-known online company that validates security. Every time an order is placed on sstack.com, McAfee Secure validates the security of our site. To check our status as a secure site and to learn more about McAfee Secure, click here.
Privacy Overview
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to all information gathered by Schneider Saddlery Holdings,
LLC, an Ohio limited liability company (“Schneider Saddlery,” “we,” “us,” “our,” etc.), from users
(“User(s),” “you,” “your,” etc.) of www.sstack.com and any related website(s), platform(s), and/or
application(s), mobile or otherwise, to the extent applicable (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy
Policy applies only to the Site. It does not apply to any third-party services linked to the Site, to the
extent applicable, or offline activities related to the Site.
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy in its entirety so you will understand all of the practices and
procedures we follow relating to your online privacy. In this Privacy Policy, we will inform you about the
type of information that is collected about you on the Site, how it is collected, what it will be used for,
and to whom it will be given. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into our Terms of Use and Service
(“Terms”) and certain capitalized terms are defined in the Terms.
We may need to update this Privacy Policy to keep pace with changes in the Site, our business and the law,
however, we always strive to maintain our commitment to respect your privacy. We will post any revisions to
this Privacy Policy, along with their effective date, in an easy to find area on www.sstack.com, and we
recommend that you periodically check back here to stay informed of any changes.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any third-party services, such as Facebook,
Instagram,
or Twitter, that you elect to access or monitor through the Site (the “Supported Platforms”) or to any
software or applications developed by third parties that we do not own or control (“Third-Party Apps”). As
an example, the Privacy Policy does not cover any information or other content you can view via the Site on
Supported Platforms (but which was not posted there using the Site) or information you provide to
Third-Party Apps accessed via the Site. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Supported
Platforms and Third-Party Apps that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for
the content or privacy policies of any Supported Platforms or Third-Party Apps. We encourage you to
carefully review the privacy policies of any Supported Platforms or Third-Party Apps you access via the
Site.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means,
including on any other website operated by us or any third party (including our affiliates and
subsidiaries); or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any
application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Site.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY TERMS, DO NOT ACCESS THE SITE.
General
This Privacy Policy applies to your personal information when:
a. you use the Site; b. you contact us via the Site/email/phone/live chats/etc.; c. you provide us with your personal information in any other way (e.g. through webinars, user conferences,
feedback sharing, requests to evaluate your assets, etc.); and/or
d. we contact you about our new commercial offers, updates to our products, white papers, newsletters,
content, and events.
This Privacy Policy also explains your rights with respect to personal information we collect about you and
how we protect your personal information. The personal information collected by Schneider Saddlery Holdings,
LLC is controlled by Schneider Saddlery Holdings, LLC. If you have any questions or concerns about how your
information is handled, please direct an inquiry to us at info@sstack.com. By accessing and using the Site,
you signify acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Where we require your consent to process your
personal information, we will ask for your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal
information as described further below.
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information from you when you contact our support services or contact us via e-mail,
telephone, post, live chat or contact forms.
When you submit a support request or fill out and submit a contact form, we may ask you for the
following information: your first and last name, your email address, your phone number, and your
address. Also, when you submit the request or fill out the form, we will collect your IP address in
order to identify your location. We may request a copy of your driver’s license or any other form of
identification, including without limitation, your passport, bank statement, utility bill, tax
document, or any other documents that we deem necessary for your identification.
Information We Collect from You
We gather certain information and store it when you interact with our Site. This information includes
internet protocol (IP) addresses, date/time stamp, behavioral information, interest data and unique
IDs. We may share your information with certain third parties selected by us to help support our
customer service, marketing and company operations. These include, for example, third party service
providers that help us analyze web traffic, send emails, conduct website experiments, monitor
website usability, show advertisements, send promotional materials, and track customer support
requests. Some of these third parties include but are not limited to: Google, Facebook, Emarsys,
LivePerson and Oracle Data Collective.
Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Site. In that case, we use a third-party
payment processor, First Data Corporation, for payment processing. We will not store or collect your
payment card details. Your payment card details are transmitted directly to First Data Corporation
whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy. First Data Corporation
adheres to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, and
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. To learn more about
First Data Corporation’s privacy practices, please review First Data Corporation’s privacy policy
located at https://www.firstdata.com/en_us/privacy.html.
Cookies and Related Technologies
We use tracking technology (“cookies”) in our Site. By visiting or using the Site you agree to the
use of cookies in your browser and HTML-based emails. Cookies are small text files placed on your
device when you visit a website, in order to track use of the website and to improve your user
experience.
Session Cookies
The Site uses “session cookies”, which improve your user experience by storing certain information
from your current visit on your computer or mobile device, such as log-in information. These enable
us to remember your log-in session so you can move easily within the Site. These session cookies
have limited functionalities and expirations, and you will be required to re-enter your log-in
information after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally
accessing your account contents and related personal information.
You may at any time opt-out of the automatic collection of data by setting your browser to refuse all
or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse
cookies, please note that some parts of the Site may then be inaccessible or not function
properly.
Disclosure of Information
Information collected by us may be transferred to our corporate affiliates or our subcontractors. We
may share your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, and if we or
our assets are acquired or transferred in part or whole to another person or entity, your
information and any other information we have collected may be among the items transferred. We may
make inquiries, whether directly or through third parties, that we consider necessary to verify your
identity or protect you and/or us against fraud or other financial crime, and to take action we
reasonably deem necessary based on the results of such inquiries. You hereby acknowledge that we
shall have the right to investigate you in such event. We may also disclose your personal
information when we have a good faith belief that (i) we are required to do so by law, or in
response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal requirement, or (ii) it is necessary to: detect,
prevent, and/or address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you, and others,
including as part of investigations.
Data Management and Security
The personal information that you provide to us is stored on servers with restricted access. In
addition, we restrict access to personal information to our employees who need to know this
information. However, no server, computer or communications network or system, or data transmission
over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. AS A RESULT, WHILE WE STRIVE TO PROTECT USER
INFORMATION, WE CANNOT ENSURE, GUARANTY, OR WARRANT THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION YOU TRANSMIT TO
US OR THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITE AND YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU PROVIDE SUCH INFORMATION
AND ENGAGE IN SUCH TRANSMISSIONS AT YOUR OWN RISK. ONCE WE RECEIVE A TRANSMISSION FROM YOU, WE WILL
ENDEAVOR TO MAINTAIN ITS SECURITY ON OUR SYSTEMS. YOU MAY MODIFY YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU HAVE
DISCLOSED TO US BY FOLLOWING THE APPLICABLE INSTRUCTIONS ON OUR SITE.
Some advertisements may be served by third-party advertisers, ad networks and ad servers. These third
parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to
collect information about our users. This may include information about users’ behavior on this and
other websites to serve them interested-based (behavioral) advertising. We do not control these
third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an
advertisement, you should contact the responsible advertiser directly.
Children’s Information
The Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any
personal information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from
children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or
through any of its features, register on the Site, make any purchases through the Site, use any of
the interactive or public comment features of this Site or provide any information about yourself to
us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name
you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
If you believe that we might have inadvertently collected information from a child under 13 without
parental consent, please contact us at support@sstack.com.
Jurisdiction and Data Storage
Please be aware that content submitted to us will be transferred to a data center in the United
States. If you post information to the Site you are confirming your consent to such information
being hosted and accessed in the United States. Privacy laws or regulations in your country may
differ from those in the United States, where we operate from and whose laws govern this Privacy
Policy. BY ASSESSING THE SITE, YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMIT, FOR YOURSELF AND
YOUR PROPERTY, TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF ANY OHIO STATE COURT OR FEDERAL COURT OF THE UNITED
STATES OF AMERICA SITTING IN CUYAHOGA COUNTY, OHIO, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY
ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS AND/OR USE OF THE SITE OR FOR
RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND YOU HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE
THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN ANY SUCH
OHIO STATE OR, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT.
Applicable Law & Legal Effect
This Privacy Policy is subject to all applicable US state and federal law regarding privacy and
information sharing. California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are
California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information
to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail
to support@sstack.com. We use good faith efforts to adhere to the European Union Safe Harbor
principles as set forth by the United States Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use,
and retention of personal information.
Opt-out
Individuals may opt-out of third party advertising via DAA
(https://www.aboutads.info/choices) or NAI
(https://optout.networkadvertising.org.)
EU based residents can opt-out via EDAA (https://www.youronlinechoices.eu.) Residents of California
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing
purposes. You can do this at any time clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any email we
send you. You can also opt out of marketing by emailing support@sstack.com.
Data protection law gives you the right to access your personal information, to object to
the use of your personal information for certain purposes, and the right to erase, restrict
or receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information. You may contact us
regarding your personal information, and in compliance with our obligations under applicable
data protection laws, we will treat your personal information accordingly.
You can access, update and delete your information by emailing us at support@sstack.com or
contact us by mail at
Customer Service
ATTN:Privacy
8255 E Washington St
Chagrin Falls, OH 44023
We will handle your request in accordance with state privacy laws. This means there may be legal
reasons why we cannot fulfil all requests.
Customers who exercise their right under state privacy laws will not be discriminated against.
This Privacy Policy constitutes our privacy notice to you under such applicable law. Your access
and/or use of the Site is permitted only on condition of your agreement with this Privacy
Policy. This Privacy Policy does not extend to any website other than our Site, including any
website or service you may access by clicking on our Site’s links, or any other party’s use of
your personal information other than us. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to
modify, discontinue, or terminate any element of the Site or to modify this Privacy Policy at
any time, without notice to you. Any modifications will be effective as of the date of its
posting to our Site. Your continued use of our Site thereafter constitutes your assent to such
revised privacy policy.
(Canada) Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA)
This section shall be expressly limited to Individuals. “Individuals”, subject to and as set
forth in PIPEDA, have several rights under PIPEDA:
We limit the scope of the data we collect to only what is necessary. We collect information for
the following reasons:
To present our Website and its contents to you. To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us. To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it. To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices. To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into
between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide
though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website. In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
We limit the use, disclosure and retention of collected data. We ensure the accuracy of the data
we collect to the best of our knowledge.
Individuals hold the right to access, update and delete their personal data. You can access,
update and delete your information or submit additional inquires by emailing customer service at
support@sstack.com or contact us by mail at
Customer Service
ATTN:Privacy
8255 E Washington St
Chagrin Falls, OH 44023
(EU) General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”)
This section shall be expressly limited to Data Subjects. “Data Subjects”, subject to and as set
forth in the GDPR, have several rights under the GDPR:
a. Right of Access. A Data Subject has the right to obtain confirmation if the Data Subject’s
personal information is being processed by us. If that is the case, a Data Subject can access
the Data Subject’s personal information and the following information:
1. the purposes of the processing; 2. the categories of personal information; 3. to whom the personal information has been or will be disclosed; and/or 4. the envisaged period for which the personal information will be stored, or the criteria used
to determine that period. 5. If a Data Subject would like to have a copy of the Data Subject’s personal information from
us, we will provide it if
i. the Data Subject proves the Data Subject’s identity, and
ii. it will not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. The first copy will be
provided for free, for any further copies we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative
costs.
b. Right to Rectification. A Data Subject has the right to demand that we correct without undue
delay the Data Subject’s personal information which we have in our systems if it is inaccurate
or incomplete.
c. Right to Erasure/Right to Be Forgotten. A Data Subject has the right to demand that we erase
the Data Subject’s personal information, and we shall erase it without undue delay where one of
the following grounds applies: 1. this personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was
processed; 2. the Data Subject withdraws consent on which the processing is based, and where there is no
other legal ground for the processing; 3. the Data Subject objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds; 4. the Data Subject’s personal information has been unlawfully processed; or 5. the Data Subject’s personal information has to be erased for compliance with a legal
obligation.
d. Right to Restrict Processing. A Data Subject has the right to restrict us in the ability of
processing of the Data Subject’s information where one of the following applies: 1. the Data Subject contests the accuracy of the Data Subject’s personal information and we
verify it; 2. the processing is unlawful and the Data Subject wants to restrict it instead of erasure; 3. we no longer need the Data Subject’s personal information, but the Data Subject needs it for
establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or 4. the Data Subject has objected to processing and we verify whether legitimate grounds override
the Data Subject’s request.
e. Right to Data Portability. A Data Subject has the right to receive the Data Subject’s
personal information which the Data Subject provided to us in a structured, commonly used and
machine-readable format and has the right to transmit such data to another company, where: 1. the processing is based on the Data Subject’s consent or on a contract; and 2. the processing is carried out by automated means. 3. Where technically feasible, a Data Subject can demand that we transmit such data directly to
another company.
f. Right to Object. A Data Subject has the right to object to the processing of the Data
Subject’s personal information based on legitimate interests. Upon such objection, we will no
longer process the Data Subject’s personal information unless we demonstrate compelling
legitimate grounds for the processing or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal
claims. Where personal information is processed for direct marketing purposes, a Data Subject
has the right to object at any time to the processing of the Data Subject’s personal information
for such marketing.
g. Automated Individual Decision-Making, Including Profiling. A Data Subject has the right not
to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which
produces legal effects on the Data Subject. Please note that we don’t make any automated
decisions including profiling based on information that we have about a Data Subject.
h. Right to Withdraw Consent. A Data Subject has the right to withdraw the Data Subject’s
consent for processing of the Data Subject’s personal information at any time. The withdrawal of
consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
i. Right to Lodge a Complaint. A Data Subject has the right to lodge a complaint with a
supervisory authority, in particular in the EU Member State of the Data Subject’s residence,
place of work, or place of the alleged infringement if the Data Subject deems that the
processing of the Data Subject’s personal information infringes GDPR.
j. Breach Notification. If a breach/unauthorized access of personal information takes place that
is likely to “result in a risk for the rights and freedoms of Data Subjects”, we will notify the
necessary EU supervisory authority within 72 hours of becoming aware of the breach.
CONTACT If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@sstack.com.
Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If any part of our privacy policy changes we will post the changes to this page.
Other Important Information
This site may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or security of other websites. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords or any account information.
Thanks! We'll make sure our offers fit! Continue Shopping
Exit and continue shopping