https://www.urngarden.com/privacy-policy
Home
» Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy / Security Information
Click to view site certificateThis Web site is secured with a GoDaddy.com Web Server Certificate. Transactions on the site are protected with up to 256-bit Secure Sockets Layer encryption.Domain Control VerifiedGoDaddy.com has verified that the certificate holder controls the domain urngarden.com.Site Nameurngarden.comHall Enterprises DBA Urngarden.com is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties for commercial purposes. We collect information from our customers to process orders and better serve you with information, such as order confirmations and order status. Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number.If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security systemUrngarden.com takes precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Our primary tool for this is the utilization of secure data encryption. The information between you, the customer and our shopping cart is encrypted using industry-standard encryption technologies, and then we retrieve your credit card information the same way.If this website contains links to other sites be aware that Urngarden.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by Urngarden.com.We periodically send emails to our customers to inform them of new promotions, provide gift certificates, etc. If you do not wish to receive these mailings we provide "opt out" instructions within the mailings to remove your email from any future mailings.We may set cookies or use other forms of electronic gathering tools or devices to collect information regarding your shopping habits.We log IP addresses for security purposes and to administer the site. We do not link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, and we do not distribute or share IP information with any third parties.We may employ third party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include package delivery, postal and e-mail delivery, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
FedEx Corporation 942 South Shady Grove Road Memphis, TN 38120 1-800-GO-FEDEX - www.fedex.com
US Postal Service Headquarters 475 L'Enfant Plaza, SW Washington DC 1-800-ASK-USPS - www.usps.com
UPS Corporate Headquarters 55 Glenlake Parkway, NE Atlanta , GA 30328 United States 1-800-833-0056 - www.ups.com
The testimonials section of the Urngarden.com website is for the purpose of sharing positive experiences of our customers. Published testimonials are genuine and are only edited or altered to fit the format of our website. By sending us your comments or testimonials you give us permission to reprint or use them in connection with our business. We may use the testimonial with or without your permission but your personal contact information will not be disclosed in connection with our reprint or use of your testimonial.Continue