http://www.ptwoody.com/privacy.htm
ALL PRODUCTS
FIND A LOCAL INSTALLER |
Here's our
privacy statement (Cool Huh?).
This
Web site, located at www.ptwoody.com, and all content and
services available through it (collectively, the
"Site") are provided by Autotech Plastics Inc.,
under these Terms of Service and any amendments to the Terms
that Autotech Plastics Inc. may publish from time to time
(collectively, the "Terms"). BY ACCESSING OR USING
THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. If you do not
agree to abide by the Terms, please do not use the Site or
download content from the Site.
how do we use the information we collect?
We use Usage and Routing Information collected from visitors
to improve the reliability and usefulness of our Web site
and to prepare aggregate, non-identifying information used
in marketing, advertising, or similar activities, among
other purposes. We use information collected from your
e-mail messages to correspond with you and to address issues
raised in your messages, among other purposes. From time to
time, some information may be purged from our systems in our
sole discretion.
with whom do we share information?
No information submitted by a buyer will be shared, sold, reused in lists, or be used for any other purpose than to complete a transaction or address a customer service concern. We may provide aggregate statistics about visitors,
transactions or other activity on our Web site to
third-parties. If you send us e-mail messages, we may
disclose their contents to third-parties, such as
consultants we have hired to help with recruiting. Please do
not include confidential information in your e-mail
messages. In addition, we may disclose information about you
if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so
by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect
the rights, property or safety of Autotech Plastics Inc.com
or others.
your privacy is important
Autotech Plastics Inc..com respects user privacy and
appreciates your feedback. If you have any questions about
our information collection practices, or would like to get
in touch with us, please
contact us.