http://www.cbtno.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to content
Text
Terms Of Use
Legal Notices.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING THIS SITE AND ANY PAGES THEREOF, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW, DO NOT ACCESS THIS SITE, OR ANY PAGES THEREOF.
Use of Information and Materials.
The information and materials contained in these pages are subject to change at any time and without notice.
No Warranty.
The information on this site is provided "AS IS". Crescent Bank & Trust does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of information contained in this site and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in this information. No warranty of any kind is implied or can be inferred in conjunction with the information herein contained.
Limitation of Liability.
In no event will Crescent Bank & Trust be liable for any damages including without limitation direct or indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, losses or expenses arising in connection with this site or use thereof or inability to use by any party, or in connection with any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure, even if Crescent Bank & Trust or representatives thereof, are advised of the possibility of such damages, losses or expenses. Hyperlinks to other internet resources are at your own risk; the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, and other links provided by these resources are not investigated, verified, monitored, or endorsed by Crescent Bank & Trust.
Submissions.
NO CONFIDENTIAL ACCOUNT INFORMATION SHALL BE SUBMITTED TO CRESCENT BANK & TRUST USING ANY LINK ON THIS SITE. Crescent Bank & Trust will not be held liable for any situation arising from an attempt to submit confidential account information via this site. Any other information submitted shall be deemed and remain the property of Crescent Bank & Trust and Crescent Bank & Trust shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts or techniques contained in information a visitor to this site provides Crescent Bank & Trust through this site. Crescent Bank & Trust shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as previously agreed to by Crescent Bank & Trust and the customer or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law.
Privacy Policy.
Your privacy is important. Click here for more information.
U.S. Patriot Act Notice.
To help the government fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering activities, Federal law requires all financial institutions to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each person who opens an account.What this means for you: When you open an account, we will ask for your name, address, date of birth, and other information that will allow us to identify you. We may also ask to see a form of identification with your photograph or other identifying documents.
Venue.
You agree that your use of this Site shall be governed by all applicable Federal laws and the laws of the state of Louisiana and agree that venue shall be located in New Orleans, Louisiana.
About Us
Locations
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Security
Language Services
Disclaimer
×
Crescent Bank has no control over information at any site hyperlinked to or from this Site. Crescent Bank makes no representation concerning and is not responsible for the quality, content, nature, or reliability of any hyperlinked site and is providing this hyperlink to you only as a convenience. The inclusion of any hyperlink does not imply any endorsement, investigation, verification or monitoring by Crescent Bank of any information in any hyperlinked site. In no event shall Crescent Bank be responsible for your use of a hyperlinked site.
Cancel
Continue