http://www.cardiotext.com/privacy
Cardiotext Publishing respects your right to privacy. This policy outlines the information we collect on our website, how data is stored, and the purposes for which it is used. This policy has been updated in line with new GDPR regulations.Cardiotext Publishing, LLC, located in Minneapolis, Minnesota, is an independent print and digital publisher specializing in the field of cardiovascular medicine. In addition to selling our own published titles, we also act as book resellers for other publishers. Our customers are international, and we process orders and ship worldwide.Account information:Any information that you provide about yourself or your company IS NOT sold to any third party. Your account information is processed on secure servers in order to:1.    Fulfill your order.2.    Provide you with information about your current and past orders.3.    Let you know about Cardiotext's services, offerings or promotions. You may request to receive our informational emails , or, to opt out, email us at info@cardiotext.com with “unsubscribe” in the subject line.Except as listed below and used for our website operations, marketing and sales transaction purposes, your personal information is not shared or used with a third party.Data collection for order processing and inquiries:Cardiotext uses your data to process book or ebook orders, and inquires or quotes. Data includes financial transactions for payment for our products, using your physical location to deliver your books, and using your email address for order confirmation and to provide ebooks, receipts, or other information related to your inquiries or orders.This data is retained by both Squarespace (our website platform), and in a secure U.S.-based off-site data center that is built on bank-grade security managed by Uptime Legal Systems. The Uptime Legal Systems data center goes through annual third-party SSAE/SOC audits. These audits ensure the reliability, security and management of the cloud infrastructure and your data. More information here.Data collection on our website:Our website cardiotextpublishing.com is hosted on the Squarespace platform. Squarespace uses cookies to help our site run effectively and provide the best experience for our customers. Cookie policy: Cookies can improve your browsing experience because they help remember preferences and understand how people use different features.Squarespace uses some necessary cookies because they allow visitors to navigate and use key features on our site. For example, functional and required cookies help these features work:•    Customer accounts•    Shopping cart and checkout•    URL redirectsIf you decline to have information collected through the use of cookies, most browsers will allow you to automatically reject cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie (or cookies) to your computer from a specific site. If you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our site. For example, you may not be able to access your account information or make a purchase on our website.For information on Squarespace’s privacy policy as it relates to end user, and what Squarespace does with visitor data, please see sections 4(b), 5, 6, and 12 of the Squarespace privacy policy.Squarespace uses Analytics and Performance cookies to collect information about how visitors interact with our site.https://www.squarespace.com/privacy/Cookies: Google AnalyticsThis website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” or similar technologies, which consist of small files placed on your computer that help Cardiotext analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. You may decline the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For details, please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html.Marketing emails:You may sign up for our marketing materials on our website. We send our emails to you to keep you "in the know" about our cardiology publishing program. Emails may include:•    New title information, updates, or special pricing offers for our cardiology books and ebooks.•    Information on congresses, symposia, or exhibitions that we are attending or where our books will be available.We use Constant Contact and Mail Chimp as our email service providers.You can withdraw your permission to receive emails sent by these providers at any time by using the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every email you receive from us.Correcting or Revising Your Data:If you want to correct, revise or remove any of the data we retain on you, you may do so by sending a request to info@cardiotextpublishing.com, ATTN: Privacy Officer.Security:All personal or corporate information (name, address, credit card numbers, etc.) is encrypted during transmission over the Internet. Any time you see "https" at the beginning of your Cardiotext web address, you can be assured that your transaction is being encrypted. SSL is used for secure access and for checkout and payment pages for customers.Credit Card Transactions (American Express, Visa, Mastercard, Discover (US only):Payments are processed through Stripe. All transactions are secure and encrypted, therefore, you will need to enter your billing information for each transaction. Payment information is governed by Stripe's privacy policy and information on security can be found here.Stripe has been audited by a PCI-certified auditor and is certified to PCI Service Provider Level 1. This is the most stringent level of certification available. Stripe forces HTTPS for all services using TLS (SSL). See more at Security at Stripe.To conduct a transaction by phone, please call +1 (612) 925-2053 from 8:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M CST Monday through Friday.Last updated July 12, 2018