http://www.grooming-health.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy
We are committed to protecting your privacy, any information you give us will not be disclosed or shared with any third parties unless either we are required to by law, or you request us to, example, sending a third party a product you’ve purchased for them.
We collect information about you for two reasons: to process your order and to provide you with the best possible service. All information is collected in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
If you wish to check or verify the details we have on our database which concern you, you can do so by contacting our customer service. Please note to do so we will request proof of identity.
We do not record or retain any credit or debit card details you give us, payments taken over the internet are handled by merchant account holders, your credit card details are never in our possession. In the case of telephone orders your credit/debit card details are destroyed as soon as the transaction you authorized has taken place.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a “cookie” which will be stored on your browser. You can modify your browser to prevent this happening.
When you provide us with your email you will be able to receive communications from us regarding our latest products, special offers, etc.
If you wish to opt out of our email catalogue or from receiving any of our marketing please inform us by filling in your details below. If you do however we will no longer be able to alert you to any special offers promotions, or new products and services.
Help & Advice
Anti Aging Advice
Beard guides
Designer Stubble
Hair Advice
Moustache guides
Nail Care Advice
safety razor and blade advice
Sex Drive Advice
Shaving
Shaving Brush Advice
shaving cream advice
shaving problems
Skin Care Advice
Smelling Good Advice
Sweeney Todd
Teeth Whitening Advice
Product CategoriesBeard / Moustache Care
Body / Shower
Bullie mens skincare
Food Supplements
Hair
Health / Fitness
Health and fitness Supplements
Men's Gifts and Presents For Him
Presents and Gifts for Men
Products for your Electric Shaver
Shaving
Skin Clinic
Skin Essentials
St James of London Shaving Products
Top Ten Grooming Products
Uncategorized
Pages
About us
Affiliate Disclosure
Ask the Expert – Questions and Feedback
Best Electric Shavers
Blog
Brands
Cart
Checkout
Contact Us
Delivery
Grooming Tips Advice and Information
Legal Notice
Mens Diets and Ideal Weight
Mens Gifts
Mens Grooming & Health
Mens Sexual Health – How to increase Libido, Stamina and Vitality
Mens Skincare For Healthier Looking Skin
My Account
Privacy Policy
Secure payment
Shop
Terms and conditions of use
Testimonials
Recent Articles
History of the Beard and its Hairy Journey Through Time
How to Use Moustache Wax and Why You Need it
What is Beard Oil and Why Do You Need it
How to Grow a Beard Fast and Why You Need to become a Beardsman
How To Prevent Ingrown Hairs
Our Brands
See More Brands