http://www.largefeet.com/pages/site-policies
Shop Men's Shoe Sizes 8 - 20 and Women's Shoe Sizes 4 - 13
New!
Men's
Flip Catalog
Gift Card
Sizing Chart
Catalog Request
1-404-524-1311
support@largefeet.com
My Account
Welcome to Large Feet!
Login
Create Account
0
Home
Mens
Boots
Dress Shoes
Loafers & Slip Ons
Oxfords & Lace-Ups
Sandals
Skins
Sneakers
Womens
Boots
Pumps & Heels
Loafers & Slip Ons
Flats
Sneakers
Slippers
Brands
Featured Brands
Bacco Bucci
Belvedere
Bettaccini
Carrucci
J Renee
Keen
Mezlan
Samuel Hubbard
Sanuk
Sperry
Stacy Adams
Steve Madden
Steven Land
Toscana
Ugo Vasare
All Brands
Bellini
Bogs
Bravo
Calvin Klein
Carolina
Dan Post
Drover
Dunham
Giovanni
Giorgio Venturi
Hush Puppies
Mark Nason
McRae
Mezlan
New Balance
Nico Nerini
Olukai
Parc
Propet
Ros Hommerson
Sandro Moscoloni
Timberlux
Umber
Vangelo
Walking Cradle
Rockport
Size
10-10.5
11-11.5
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
Accessories
Belts
Socks
Sunglasses
Famous Faces
Contact Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Large Feet!
Login
Create Account
Home
Site Policies
Site Policies
Privacy Policy
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? We collect information from you when you register on Friedman's Shoes, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on Friedman's Shoes, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve Friedman's Shoes (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
DO WE USE COOKIES? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information). We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and keep track of advertisements.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
OPT-IN CONSENT At Friedman's Shoes, we strive to keep your privacy safe online. We do not share any emails with 3rd party sites or affiliate companies.
At the point of sale, each new customer is presented with an OPT-IN Selection that will automatically sign them up to receive our newsletter or on-demand email blast. As a customer, we wish to keep you informed about new deals, discounts, and new products.
To opt-out of our email list, simply click 'opt-out' to any email coming to you AFTER an order is placed.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Shipping Policy
At Friedman's Shoes we make every effort to ship your order as quickly as possible. Please allow 3 to 7 days for regular delivery of in-stock items. Items ordered  together are not necessarily shipped together. We will notify you if any item cannot be shipped within 30 days. We do accept International orders.
Overnight orders placed on Friday will be delivered the next business day, Monday. Saturday delivery is available upon request for an additional fee. There is an additional shipping and handling fee for packages being delivered to Alaska and Hawaii, since they must be shipped overnight or two day air.
Returns & Exchanges
Merchandise may be returned for exchange, store credit or refund within  14 business days of order with Sales Receipt. UNWORN SHOES ONLY!
*Simply include a note with specific instructions including your  daytime phone number and return address. For your own protection, we  advise that you ship insured U.S. Mail or UPS. Orders not returned  within 14 days of shipment are considered FINAL SALES.
*Friedman's Shoes is not responsible for any shoes with altered construction. (ie stick on soles)*Friedman's Shoes is not responsible for typographical errors. Prices are subject to change without notice.
These policies were last modified on 08.01.2013
Customer Service
Site Policies
Sizing Chart
Contact Us
Friedmans Shoes
About Us
ESPN 30 for 30
Famous Faces
Store Directions
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about new products, coupons and special sale promotions.
© 2020 Large Feet
|