http://www.1oel.com/Comersus/store/privacy.asp
Customer Menu
View Cart
Have
a Question?
0
items
in your cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
Need Help?
Gift Center
Cameras
Computers & Equip.
DVD Players
Home Theater Equip.
Home
Appliances
PDAs \ Handhelds
Portable Gadgets
Printers
Radar Detectors & GPS
Stereo Systems
Televisions
Telecommunications
VCRs
Video Games & Systems
Order Status
Shipping / Returns
Gift
Certificates
Our Customers
Online Payment Service
Your #1 Source for Home Electronics!
Privacy
Policy
Last updated: May 10, 2007
Online Electronics Liquidation ("OEL")
knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we
appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice
describes our privacy policy. By dealing with OEL or visiting 1oel.com, you are accepting the
practices described in this Privacy Notice.
What personal information about customers does OEL gather?
OEL does not collect any
personal information while someone browses the site. Information is only
collected when an order is placed and the customer enters their information.
What about cookies?
No cookies are stored or used on this site. We utilize "sessions"
which stores information while the current browser is open. Once the
browser is closed the session is deleted.
Some of our business
partners (e.g., advertisers, live chat feature) use cookies on our site.
We have no access to or control over these cookies.
Does OEL share the information it receives?
Information about our customers is an integral part of our business. We
are not in the business of selling it to others.
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform
functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering
packages, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search
results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit
card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform
their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Protection of OEL and Others: We release account and other
personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with
the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and
other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of OEL, our
users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other
companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk
reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting,
sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from
customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set
forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will
receive notice via E-mail when information about you might go [for any
reason] to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not
to share the information.
How secure is the information that is stored about me?
OEL works hard to protect the security of your information during
transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts
information you input.
OEL reveals only the last four digits (e.g. XX1234) of your credit card
numbers when confirming an order. Of course, OEL transmits the entire credit
card number to the appropriate credit card company during order
processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your
password and to your computer. Your password should be stored in a safe
place.
Sessions store information while the current browser window is open.
Once the browser is closed, the session will be lost and your computer
will become free for others to use.
Which information can I access?
OEL gives you access to a broad range of information about your account
for the purpose of viewing and updating that information.
Information in regard to children
OEL does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18,
you may use OEL's website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Terms of Use, Notices, and Changes
If you choose to visit 1oel.com, your visit and any dispute over an issue
of privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of
Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and
application of the law of the state of New York. If you have any concern
about privacy about OEL or at 1oel.com, please send us a thorough
description to feedback@1oel.com, and we will try our hardest to resolve it.
OEL's business model, website, and company as a whole grows on a constant
basis. Therefore, this Privacy Notice,  Terms of
Use, and FAQ will change over time as well. OEL may
E-mail notices of change and conditions, unless you have instructed us not
to. Otherwise, you should check our web site frequently to view
changes. Unless stated otherwise, this current Privacy Notice applies to all
information that OEL has about you and your account. OEL stands behind the
promises they make. OEL will never materially change their policies and practices
to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past
without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information
Terms of Use
FAQ
Help Page
Information you provide us with
You provide all information when you search, buy, bid, post,
participate in a sweepstakes, questionnaire, or communicate with customer
support. For example, you provide information when you
place an order through 1oel.com, provide information in
Your Account (you might have more than one if you have used more
than one E-mail address when shopping with OEL), communicate with OEL by phone,
E-mail, or otherwise.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet
protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, computer and connection information such as
browser type and version, operating system, and platform. OEL also logs
referral information including: where you found this website and your entry
point.
Information from third-parties
Search term and search result information from some searches conducted
through the Web search features offered by third-parties including paid listings (such as
Sponsored Links from Google and Yahoo).
Information you can access
Examples of information you can access easily at 1oel.com include
up-to-date information regarding recent orders; personally identifiable
information (including name, e-mail, password, recommendations (including recent product
view history, prior order history, and Wish List).
Need more help?Visit our Help Page:
Click HereContact Us:
Click Here
Home
Advanced Search
Newsletter
View Cart
Need Help?
Customer Menu
Register
About Us
Contact Us
Jobs
Copyright © 2003-2017 All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Use - Privacy PolicyOnline Electronics Liquidation  http://www.1oel.com
Comodo SSL