http://www.audioshowcase.com/terms.php
Login / Register 1-888-212-8295
Cart: 0 items
Products
Search CableWholesale textSearch CableWholesale button
Contact Us
Clear All Filters
Products
New Products
Extreme Deals!
Apple Compatible
Audio/Video Products
Bags Cases & Covers
Bulk Cable
Cable Management
Cleaning Supplies
Coaxial Cable
Computer Products
Digital Camera Cables
DVI Products
Fiber Optic
Fire/Security Cables
Gamer Gear & Toys
HDMI Products
Home Theater
IDE/SCSI
IEEE Product
Keyboard/Mice Cable
Mobile Accessories
Network & Phone
Office Supplies
Power Products
Printer/Parallel Cables
Serial/Modem Cable
USB / Firewire
VGA Cable
Custom Cables
Free Shipping!
Addresses, Locations, Fax
1-888-212-8295
SalesTechnical SupportAccountingRMA/ReturnsWebmaster
Click the horse to submit the form.
Close Contact
Home
Terms and Conditions
Product Filters
Please read over our terms and conditions carefully before placing any orders. The use of this website constitutes
your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
How to Order
Orders are accepted through our website or via our toll-free phone number,
1-888-212-8295.
Ordering with Purchase Orders
We accept purchase orders from schools, government institutions, and companies who have applied and been accepted for
a Corporate Account. We do not accept purchase orders from companies outside of the United States. This application is
available on our website under "Setup Net Terms". This application takes one to two weeks to process, and
applicants are notified of their account status when their application has been processed. We require all net term
accounts to have a minimum sales per year of $5,000. (We do ask that customers place their first order via credit
card). CableWholesale.com does not grant terms above Net 30. Purchase orders are accepted via fax at 925-455-0808, or
via e-mail to sales@cablewholesale.com. We do not accept informal or
purely verbal purchase orders. Purchase orders that are received by 3:30 PM PST can generally be shipped the same day.
Shipping
Orders Placed on our website before 4:00pm PST can usually be shipped the same day. We offer a variety of shipping
methods including UPS, Federal Express, and the United States Postal Service (USPS). Shipping costs are calculated
based on your address and the weight of your order. When you go to place an order, the various shipping options and
their costs will be displayed after you enter your address information into the fields provided and click
"Continue to Step 2."
Returned Goods
Returns must comply with the return procedure set forth below, and all returned items must be in new condition,
including the original box, packaging, manuals and accessories within 30 days.
In the event goods supplied by CableWholesale.com, Inc. are considered defective and/or non-conforming by the
customer, CableWholesale.com must be notified within thirty days. CableWholesale.com can then issue a Return Materials
Authorization (RMA) number. We do not accept any returned goods without an RMA number. Unless instructed otherwise,
refusal of shipment when a package is delivered does not constitute a request for an RMA. Once an RMA has been issued,
the customer has fourteen days to return the package to Cablewholesale.com. Once the item(s) have been received, the
customer can expect a credit onto their card, or a revised invoice in the case of Corporate Accounts, within fourteen
days. CableWholesale.com does not issue store credit.
For items Cablewholesale.com proves defective upon receipt, errors in shipment, or exchange returns, no restock fee
is charged. In all other cases, a 20% restock fee is subtracted from the amount credited back to the customer's
credit card.
We reserve the right to inspect all defective and returned merchandise before an exchange or credit will be made. If
we made a "good faith" no charge exchange and you do not ship back the defective item within 10 days, you
will be charged for the original and the replacement item.
CableWholesale.com can credit shipping costs only in the event of a mistake on our end in shipping. If you are shipping
something back to us as a return/exchange you pay for return shipping. We do not have a
"free return shipping" policy. We are not responsible for items that do not get back to us. We strongly
suggest that you ship your package in a way that allows you to track the shipment and receive proof of delivery.
All returns over $10,000 must be reviewed by upper management before they can be approved.
Due to our inability to resell returned custom cables, we cannot accept returns on custom or special-order items.
Missing Items
If parts from your order are missing then you have to notify Cablewholesale within 7 days of receiving your order for
us to verify our stock and ship out missing parts.
Warranty
Please see our warranty page for details.
Payment
CableWholesale.com normally accepts payment by Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, and PayPal. We do not normally
accept COD payment. Cashiers checks and money orders are also accepted, as is cash for will-call orders. Payment is
due in full as stated on the invoice. For purchase orders, late fees of 2.5% of the unpaid balance will be charged on
delinquent accounts commencing after the first billing cycle from the date of the invoice if CableWholesale.com, Inc.
deems the situation requires such action. Any costs of collections, including attorney fees, will be added to invoice.
For international orders, we accept payment by credit card or wire transfer. CableWholesale.com charges a $16.00 wire
transfer fee for each transaction of this sort. CableWholesale.com cannot ship international orders without prepayment.
Returned Checks
If the Buyer's check is returned to CableWholesale.com, Inc. for insufficient funds, because payment has been
stopped, or for any other reasons, a specific charge of $15.00 will be assessed for the handling of that check
regardless of the reason for handling or processing. Two or more returned checks within a 60-day period will cause the
account to revert to prepaid / credit card basis.
Customer Privacy
Cablewholesale.com does not rent, sell or otherwise forward your name to other companies. We collect only the
information necessary to keep the customer well-informed of the status of his or her order. For further information,
please see our Privacy Policy.
In Case of Fraud
In the interest of preventing Internet fraud, CableWholesale.com reserves the right to refuse any order whose billing
address does not match the address on the credit card, or is in any other way suspicious. CableWholesale.com reports
all fraudulent orders.
Sample Merchandise
In the event that your company requires a sample, we can process an order for one or two items, with payment from the
customer. When the customer then places their subsequent order, the amount of the sample can be deducted from the said
order.
Prices and Specifications
Prices, specifications, and availability of products are subject to change without notice. Due to the changing nature
of the computer market, and because of the technical differences in the equipment of our customers, product
descriptions may not reflect current technical information, and we cannot be responsible for photographic differences
in product size, shape and color.
Verification of Order
CableWholesale.com orders generate an automatic confirmation e-mail, but the receipt of a confirmation only means that
we have received your order, and does not constitute an offer to sell. We may change our pricing, product description
or specifications after any confirmation e-mail, but prior to shipment, due to errors, changing market conditions,
product discontinuation or unavailability, typographical errors, or any other reason. While it is the customer's
responsibility to cancel their own orders, we reserve the right to limit the quantity of any item sold, or prohibit a
sale altogether.
About us
Contact us
Why Choose Us
Warranty
Employment
Press Releases
Testimonials
Credit Application (pdf)
New Products
Hot Deals
Shipping Calculator
Order Tracking
Returns Tool
Resellers Corner
Custom Cables
CWS Catalog (pdf)
Support Center
Technical Articles
Subscribe to Articles
Our Videos
Blog
Glossary
Connector Diagrams
Infographics
Create Account
Login Site FAQ
Privacy
Forgot Password?
Terms & Conditions
Free Shipping Terms
Secure Shopping
[ © Copyright CableWholesale.com / National Technology ]Last Updated: December 11, 2020
Close & Continue Shopping