https://www.cybermarket.co.uk/shop/customer-service/terms-conditions.html#privacy
Terms & Conditions
Est. 2002
Need help?
How do we deliver to you?
Deliveries are either made by one of our couriers like FedEx or Royal Mail Recorded Delivery or First Class. Orders sent by courier will be delivered Monday to Friday between 9.00am and 5.00pm and require someone to receive and sign for the delivery. Please see the section entitled "FAQs - Delivery".
How long will it take to get to me?
Orders are normally dispatched within 48 hours. PLEASE HOWEVER ALLOW UP TO 7 WORKING DAYS FOR DELIVERY. Saturday, Sunday and Bank holidays are NOT included.
We will notify you of any change of delivery by e-mail or telephone providing that we have your correct details with the order. All order tracking enquires must be sent by email to [email protected]
Minimum Delivery Charge We have a minimum delivery charge of £3.29 + VAT for orders under £50.00. This is necessary because of the high cost of processing credit cards, the time involved in picking and packing small orders, the cost of packaging materials and of course, the postage fees.
Additional items added to the order after the first item will either incur no additional delivery cost or a small delivery supplement. The box looks different to what I ordered?Here at Cybermarket we take pride in recycling boxes. So please note that your goods may be delivered in a different box, but we can assure you that your goods will be inside.  What happens if you are not happy with your purchase?
Should you be unhappy with your purchase and wish to cancel your order for whatever reason you must INFORM US IN WRITING BY FAX OR EMAIL (all these contact details appear on every page of our website) within 14 days of the date that the equipment was delivered to you (We do not accept notification by telephone) you will be entitled to a full refund of the cost of the goods, as long as the equipment is returned in its original packaging, complete, unused and with proof of purchase from us. Any goods correctly supplied will no longer be accepted for return without written notification within seven days of delivery or in any event after seven days of delivery if no written notification has been supplied.
Please note that you are responsible for the return of any equipment and H7 Media Systems Ltd Limited can accept no responsibility until we receive the equipment. You are responsible for any costs incurred in returning any goods to us. ALL RETURNS MUST BE SENT BACK TO US RECORDED DELIVERY. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE FOR US TO TRACK ITEMS SENT STANDARD MAIL.
Should any parts be missing, damaged or consumable items be used in whole or part, we reserve the right to make a deduction from any refund due to you for the whole value of the missing, damaged or consumable item. Please also note that returned goods may be subject to a 35% re-stocking fee, for example our special effect machines like bubble, smoke or snow.
Any refund will only be credited to the credit or debit card used for the original purchase and will only be made after we have received the goods and they have been inspected and confirmed as satisfactory by us.
Please allow 30 days for the refund to reach your account.
What happens if my purchase is faulty?
You must notify us in writing within 14 days of delivery of any faults or defects, describing any problems that you are experiencing.
Responsibility for any product returned remains with you until such time as we receive it.
Goods returned must be adequately addressed and packaged so as to prevent any damage.
This warranty covers any faults or defects that are due to faulty design, manufacture or workmanship. It does not cover against misuse, neglect, wilful damage, modification, adaptation, overloading or repair unless authorized by us in writing. It also does not cover any consequential loss due to a product failing.
Consumable items such as batteries, lamps, fuses etc. are not provided for under this warranty.
Goods returned under this warranty may be repaired or replaced with goods of similar specification at our discretion. Goods provided as replacement may be reconditioned as opposed to new.
Goods will not be repaired or replaced until such time as any sums due to us in respect of those goods have been paid in full.
Important information relating to your order
Any information shown on this web site, including prices does not constitute an offer to enter into a contract or agreement. In the event that you send an order by means of this web site for any goods or services, your order shall constitute an offer for those goods or services selected. H7 Media Systems Ltd Limited is not obliged to accept your order.
Please note that:
Orders will only be accepted from within, and for delivery within, the United Kingdom.
Whilst this web site is updated as frequently as possible, the information and pricing is believed to be correct at the time of publishing, errors & omissions excepted.
Any goods and or services shown on this web site are subject to availability. We reserve the right to substitute any items ordered for a similar item of equivalent or greater value.
The product descriptions and images on our website are only representative and actual products may differ slightly in design.
No statement on this web site shall be deemed to affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
What will we do with your private details?
H7 Media Systems Ltd Limited will hold any information that you provide on this web site. Information supplied by you may also be used to send you information about our products and services from time to time, subject to any objection or preference that you may indicate when submitting your details to us via this web site.
Will we give this information to anyone else?
We will not disclose your information to anybody else unless ordered to do so by a recognised court order.
SECURITY
Every on-line transaction made within The CyberMarket online-store is transmitted across the Internet using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. This industry standard method ensures that information sent from your browser is scrambled whilst in transit and decoded when it arrives on our server.
We take the issue of security very seriously and have taken every step possible to protect you. Our servers sit behind a state of the art hardware firewall and the computer that handles the card services is not accessible from the Internet. We have employed the services of one of the country's leading secure transaction providers, ishop, to ensure that security remains as tight as possible. We have made buying from this store as secure and simple as possible.
The store has a virtual shopping basket, which stores items placed within it for up to four hours. Each item for sale will have an 'order' button. When you press this button you are taken to the order-processing page where the item will be automatically added to your basket. You can input a quantity for each item you are purchasing, decide to continue shopping, remove an item from the basket, or check out and place your secure order. It is at this time you would be asked for your name and address and then your credit card details.
From within the store you can view items in the shopping basket and amend them accordingly simply by going to the 'show order' section. Common reasons for problems when pressing the 'order' button are;
i) You are using an old browser that doesn't support SSL encryption.
ii) You are browsing from behind a corporate firewall that will not allow secure connections.- Speak to the system administrator at your office. They will either fix the problem or you will have to order from another location. All items ordered online from Cybermarket.co.uk are supplied on a business to business basis.
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998)
We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
We will not forward your e-mail address to any other trader.
“We do not send random marketing emails to personal email addresses (spam).” We will give you the chance to refuse any more marketing emails from us , the first time that you receive one.
The type of information we will collect about you includes: your name address phone number email address
Copyright © H7 Media Systems Ltd
H7 Media System Ltd, 14A Flitch Industrial Estate, Great Dunmow, Essex, CM6 1XJ
E-commerce by iShop Limited
X
Subscribe to our newsletter.
Name: *
Email address: *
X
Need Help?
Enter your details and we will get back to you.
Name:*
Email:*
Telephone:
Your Question:
Username
Password