http://www.partydelights.co.uk/help/privacy-policy
We use cookies to improve your experience. Find out more
Accept
Help
Sign in
0333 900 5000
Next Day Delivery
Sign me up for emails
100% Money Back Guarantee
See All Departments
Party
Fancy Dress
Balloons
Decorations
Baby
Sweets
Wedding
Personalised
Christmas
Help
COVID-19 Update
Returns
Return an item
Delivery
Track your parcel
Check prices and options
Products
Balloon Help & Advice
Do you stock the same products as your stores?
Do you price match?
Payment
How can I pay?
Discounts and promotions
Do you price match?
Payment issue?
Stores
Warehouse, Manchester
Manchester Fort
The Brewery, Essex
Security
How we use your personal information
Is my information secure?
Unsubscribe from emails
Privacy PolicyLast updated: October 2020Party Delights is a party goods supplier and is a company limited by guarantee, registered address: Unit 4 Tallow Way, Fairhills Road, Irlam, M44 6RJ.Party Delights takes the privacy of its customers very seriously. We understand that you want to know how information about you is used, stored, and shared. And we understand the importance of protecting your personal information. Nobody wants to have their personal information sold or misused and we will never sell your personal information to anyone. This Privacy Policy applies to customer information collected and used by Party Delights and its affiliates (together, “Party Delights”). This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected by third-party sites or content or applications that may link to, or be accessible from or on, our website. We collect information about you from a variety of sources, including the information that we collect from you in person, the information we collect from you when you visit our website www.partydelights.co.uk or its related subdomains (“Website”), and the information that we collect about you from other sources. By visiting and using the Website, you are accepting the terms described in this Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarise yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. Types of Information We CollectWe collect information to deliver the products and services you request and to help improve your Party Delights experience. Some information that we collect from you can be used to identify you or can be reasonably used in connection with other information to identify you. This information is called “personal information” and includes your name, postal address, email address, phone number, and payment information. You directly share personal information with us when you make an online purchase with us, when you create an account on one of our Websites, when you sign up to our email list, when you visit or post a comment on one of our social media pages, and when you contact us or request customer service. Other types of information that we collect is not used to personally identify you but provides Party Delights with information that we use to improve the products and services we offer to you. This information (together referred to as “indirect data”) includes details about your internet connection, traffic data, IP address, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details, and is collected automatically through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. It may be collected by Party Delights or it may be collected through third party advertisers or partners who provide the advertisements on our Website. Information that is collected through the use of third party cookies, web beacons, and other third party tracking technologies is subject to such third parties' privacy policies and opt-out mechanisms. How We Use Your InformationParty Delights uses the personal information that we collect about you or that you provide to us: to process and dispatch your online orders; to keep you up to date with the status of your order; for marketing or advertising purposes; to inform you about promotional offers; to maintain your user account; to keep track of your order history; to respond to customer support enquiries; to present our Website and its contents to you; to tell you about changes to our Website; to let you know about products or services; to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website in a way that we describe to you at the time that you provide Party Delights your personal information; to fulfil any other purpose for which you provide it. The indirect data that we collect may automatically be combined with other information that you provide and may be aggregated and used for statistical purposes. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver better and more personalised products, services and advertisements. It also helps us to estimate how many people may be interested in certain products, store your user preferences allowing us to customise the Website to your individual interests, recognise you when you revisit our Website, and speed up your online experience with Party Delights. Legal Basis for Using InformationWhere we process your personal information, we make sure we have a legal basis for doing so. For example, we use the ‘contract’ legal basis to provide you with the goods you have ordered and administer our relationship with you. We may also process your personal information where we have a legitimate business interest. This would include where we process indirect data to improve our website or understand company performance and where we monitor company premises using CCTV.Also, we may process certain personal information with your consent, this applies where you have consented to cookies or provided your details to join our marketing list.  Information SharingParty Delights does not sell your personal information to third parties. However, we may disclose the personal information that we collect or that you provide to us as described in this Privacy Policy to our subsidiaries and affiliates or to carefully selected third parties that we use to support our business and bring products to you, such as our payment processors, couriers and delivery partners, marketing partners, and suppliers who deliver products on our behalf. Where we do share your information, we do so under strict contract terms and only share the minimum amount of personal information needed for the specific purpose.We may use the services of third parties to collect indirect data about your visits and interactions with our Website through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalise advertisements for goods and services. Please see our Cookie Policy for further information.Your personal information may also be disclosed to enforce our terms of use, to comply with any court order, law or legal process, or government or regulatory request, or if we believe that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Party Delights, our customers or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies or organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.If Party Delights is involved in a merger, acquisition, asset sale, bankruptcy or reorganisation, your personal information may be shared, as well as retained by us.International ProcessingParty Delights stores and processes your personal information on its computers and servers in the United Kingdom. However, we may share your personal information with third parties who are based overseas where this is within our legitimate interests or where you have consented to our use of cookies and tracking technologies. The GDPR covers the processing of data within the EEA and, where third parties are based outside the EEA, we require them to apply the same standards to the processing of that data as is required by the GDPR.    How long we keep your informationParty Delights will keep your information for as long as it is needed for the processing purpose, when it is no longer needed it will be securely destroyed or deleted. For example, where you have created an online account, your information is retained for a period of 7 years following account closure, to allow for any related queries or legal claims. Accounting and payment information is generally retained for 6 years from the end of the applicable financial year in accordance with general accounting practices / HMRC guidelines.Maintaining Your Information At any time, you can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. Here, you can make changes to your name, password, postal address, email address, or phone number as previously provided. What rights do you have? By law, you have a number of rights (subject to certain conditions) when it comes to your information. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the Information Commissioners Office (ICO). You can exercise any of these rights by contacting us using our details below.The right to be informedYou have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we’re providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.The right of accessYou have the right to obtain access to your information (if we’re processing it), and certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Policy).This is so you’re aware and can check that we’re using your information in accordance with data protection law.The right to rectificationYou are entitled to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to erasureThis is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there is no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure, there are exceptions.The right to object to processingYou have the right to object to certain types of processing, including processing where we rely on our legitimate interest as a ground for processing.The right to restrict processingYou have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information in certain circumstances. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.The right to data portabilityYou have rights to obtain and reuse your information for your own purposes across different services. For example, if you decide to switch to a new provider, this enables you to move, copy or transfer your information easily between our IT systems and theirs safely and securely, without affecting its usability.The right to lodge a complaintYou have the right to lodge a complaint about the way we handle or process your information with the national data protection regulator. See here for more details.The right to withdraw consentIf you have given your consent to anything we do with your information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time (although if you do so, it does not mean that anything we have done with your information with your consent up to that point is unlawful). Note that such withdrawal in certain circumstance may mean we can no longer continue to provide goods or services to you.In respect of Subject Access Requests, we usually provide information free of charge, but may charge a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs of providing the information for: •    baseless or excessive/repeated requests, or •    further copies of the same information. Alternatively, we may be entitled to refuse to act on the request. Please consider your request responsibly before submitting it. We will respond as soon as we can. Generally, this will be within one month from when we receive your request but, if the request is going to take longer to deal with, we will come back to you and let you know. Information SecurityWe have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration and disclosure. We protect your personal information by maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable UK and EU regulations. All personal information that you may provide on any of Websites will be Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypted. Party Delights also uses computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption methods to protect your information. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. For instance, you can start by using a complex and well-chosen password. You should avoid sharing your password or using any information that others can easily learn about you, such as a family member's name or birthday. We recommend that you follow National Cyber Security Cenntre (NCSC) advice when setting passwords. You can also install and regularly update antivirus and firewall software to protect your computer or device from external attacks by malicious users. When you are finished with a session on our Website, be sure that you log out and close the browser window so nobody can pick up where you left off. Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk and Party Delights is not responsible for the circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.Cookies and Other Tracking Technology Cookies are small data files that most websites store, access and maintain on the hard drive of your computer. We may use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalised online advertising tailored to your interests (i.e. personalised display ads, social media ads, email marketing and Pay Per Click ads). Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. These data files may be created on your computer when you visit our Website. Flash cookies are most often used to personalise ads (i.e. on social media) or to enhance your experience on our Website (i.e. to personalise the content you see on our website). Flash cookies will not access or remember your e-mail address or other personal information unless you willingly provide such information. Our Website may also contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit Party Delights, for example, to count users who have visited particular webpages or for other related website statistics, such as verifying our system and server integrity. Social Media AdvertisingRetargetingWe use Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest tracking pixels to collect browser data, which we use to send personalised Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest ads to users who have recently visited our website. Custom AudiencesWhen you sign up for our email newsletter, your email address may be uploaded to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Pinterest so that we can send you personalised social media ads. “Do Not Track” We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser. Third Party Links Our Website may contain links to other websites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy of each site you visit. Party Delights does not control, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Email communications We may use your personal information to contact you with email newsletters that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link in any of our emails. By signing up to our email newsletter you are confirming that you are age 16 or over and you have read and understood this privacy policy. Children's Online Privacy This Website is not marketed to, and does not knowingly collect or maintain, personal information from, children under the age of 16. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 16, please let us know via our contact form. Opt-Out If you wish to opt-out of receiving online communications from Party Delights you can choose the unsubscribe or opt-out link contained in the email and you will no longer receive communications.Changes to This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is subject to change at the sole discretion of Party Delights, and the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on our Website. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date provided above. Continued use of the Website after Party Delights posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. Please check back frequently and review the Privacy Policy for any updated terms or changes.Contact UsIf you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us by completing the form on this page.You may also contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing dataenquiries@partydelights.co.uk or by writing to us at: Party Delights Ltd, Unit 4 Tallow Way, Fairhills Road, Irlam, M44 6RJ