https://www.supportplus.com/info/privacy.hzml
Email Sign-up
My Account
Order Status
New
Sale
Clearance
Hosiery & Socks
Shoes
Incontinence
Apparel
Mobility
Home
Health & Wellness
Beauty
Pain Relief
Hosiery & Socks
Compression
Socks
Hosiery
Accessories
Health & Wellness
General Health
Ears & Hearing
Oral Care
Vision & Eye Care
Foot & Ankle Care
Sleep & Relaxation
Health Monitors
Fitness & Exercise
Compression
Shoes
Boots
Casual Shoes
Dress Shoes
Sandals
Slippers
Walkers & Sneakers
Mobility
Walkers, Wheelchairs & Canes
Home
Bathroom
Powered Mobility
Accessories
Pain Relief
Braces & Supports
Sitting Comfort
Topical Pain Relief
Heat Relief & Massage
Footcare
Incontinence
Women's
Men's
Surface Protection
Accessories
Home
Kitchen
Bathroom
Bedroom
Around the House
Ladders & Step Stools
Great Gift Ideas
Apparel
Shapewear & Underwear
Sleepwear
Accessories
Beauty
Body & Facial Care
Hair Care
Nail Care
Privacy Policy
We respect each consumer's opinion and choice regarding their privacy online and offline. The following policies disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices
for our online Support Plus Web site (https://www.supportplus.com) and our offline print catalogs.
If you have any questions regarding privacy issues after consulting this page, please contact us at:
Support Plus
5581 Hudson Industrial Parkway
PO Box 2599
Hudson, OH 44236-0099
United States of America
Ordering (24 hrs.): Order toll free 1-844-276-2020
Fax: 1-800-950-9569
Customer Service: 1-866-553-8875
E-Mail us
At Support Plus, we respect the privacy of our customers and the importance of the information they entrust to us. We summarize below the basic information policies and practices on our Support Plus website.
What information is collected by Support Plus?
Support Plus collects information from you and about you in order to fulfill your orders, to provide you with a better user experience and make improvements to our website and business, and for purposes of marketing to you. The below table describes the categories of information Support Plus has collected about website visitors in the previous 12 months, as well as the use of the data, the categories of third-parties with whom the data was disclosed for Support Plus' business purposes, and the categories of third parties to whom the data may have been sold or disclosed for those parties' marketing purposes.
Type of information
Purpose
Disclose / disclosed
Sell / sold
Contact Information, including name, shipping address
To fulfill your order, communicate with you about your orders, and send you catalogs or marketing communications
We share contact information with our agents (including credit card clearing agencies, and delivery companies) in order to process the orders you place.
We may rent or sell customer mailing lists to third-parties who may send you catalogs or other items in the mail. If you wish to opt out of this, please click here.
Email address
We ask for an email address so that we can email you information about your order, or send you email offers.
You can also sign up to receive email offers without making a purchase.
You can unsubscribe from commercial emails by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in an email.
We may share email addresses of our customers for our own business purposes including with our email provider, for purposes of sending you emails, and with advertising agencies for purposes of developing target audiences for our own marketing efforts.
We will not sell or share email addresses with third parties for their direct marketing use.
Demographic information: including age, gender, and other demographic traits
We may collect demographic information directly from you, or may obtain this information from publicly available sources or purchase it from data enhancement vendors and combine it with information we have collected about you. We use this information to better inform our marketing efforts and to understand the preferences of our customers.
Marketing agencies may access our customer database, including demographic overlay information, for purpose of designing and implementing marketing strategies on our behalf.
N/A
Credit card details (including billing information)
We only ask for these when you place an order.
With our agents (including credit card clearing agencies, and delivery companies) that we use to process the orders you place with us or who assist us in the services we provide to you. We provide them with only the information they need to perform their duties. These details may also be used for fraud prevention and detection purposes.
N/A
Other information you submit
We may collect personal information when you send us a message by email or though the "contact us" page on this website.
N/A
N/A
Cookies/IP address
Our site utilizes cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology to facilitate a smooth shopping experience, to improve our website, and to inform marketing efforts on our behalf, including identifying audiences for marketing campaigns and measuring the effectiveness of marketing efforts.
The information collected through the use of cookies and similar technologies includes browsing behavior, IP address, geolocation data, and device type.
Further information on our use of cookies, and you choices, is provided below.
Further information about cookies is provided below
Further information about cookies is provided below
As directed by the law or governmental request
-
We will disclose your information where required to obey the law, such as in response to a subpoena or legal process we will disclose your personal information. We also reserve the right to use your personal information to exercise or defend legal claims.
-
How is my information used?
The information we receive allows us to tailor our product offer and improve your shopping experience, making shopping easier and more enjoyable. It also enables us to process your purchases, confirm your orders, customize the content and layout of our pages, notify you about updates to our websites and products, and provide you with marketing information.
The information you supply to us is added to our customer database. You may receive periodic mailings from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive such mailings from us, please contact us at the address, telephone numbers, Fax number or e-mail above and specify "Do Not Mail Catalog" in your communication along with your exact name and address.
Our website uses Google Analytics to analyze visits to our site and to help us improve our site and improve the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, including by personalizing advertisements you may be shown as your browse the web. To learn more about Google Analytics and your choices, please visit: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites
We may share contact information with our business partners and third party companies and other organizations that may interest you. These companies and organizations may use the information we share to contact you for their own marketing purposes. We will not share your email address or any personal financial information with third parties for their direct marketing use. Should Support Plus merge with, acquire or be acquired by another business entity, some or all of your information could be transferred to the other entity. We may disclose your personal information when Support Plus believes it necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request or to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Support Plus, our customers, or the public as required or permitted by law. If you do not wish to receive mailings from other third party companies, please contact us at the address, telephone numbers, Fax number or e-mail above and specify "Do Not Rent Address to Third Party" in your communication along with your exact name and address.
We periodically email our customer list about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such
emails in the future, simply click the "unsubscribe" link on any promotional email you receive from us, or click the link below.
Click here to unsubscribe from Support Plus emails
How will my telephone number be used? Support Plus will contact you by telephone only in the event that the need arises to communicate with you directly regarding the processing of your order or inquiry.
On limited occasions, we may contact you to survey your shopping experience.
Telephone numbers are not shared with third parties.
How will my credit card number be used? You credit card number and expiration are used to process your current transaction.
For your security and ours, we do not store credit card information on our online server.
Privacy of Minors
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on this Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
Cookies and similar technologies
Like many websites, we use cookies and other tracking technologies such as tracking pixels or web beacons to improve and personalize your browsing experience, to better understand visitors' experience of our website, and to implement and measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. You can adjust the settings on your devices to remove or refuse cookies by following instructions provided by your web browser. If you adjust your browser to remove or delete cookies, some features of our website may not function as designed.
We use first party cookies (set by us) and third party cookies (set by digital marketing partners), and may use both persistent cookies (which remain on your hard drive until deleted by you) and session cookies (which expire when you leave our website). For example, we use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. Our third party marketing partners may use cookies to identify audiences for advertising, and to show relevant advertising to potential customers across the internet. You can learn more about interest-based advertising, and your choices, in the section below.
Your Choices regarding Interest-Based Advertising
We may work with third-party advertising companies that collect and use information about your browsing behavior across the internet over time, in order to deliver more relevant advertising elsewhere on the internet. For example, if you view a product on our website, our partners may use pseudonymized browsing information gathered using cookies placed by our website and other websites you visit to show you an advertisement for that product when you visit another website.
While our website is not configured to recognize a web browser's "do not track" signal, you can opt-out of interest-based advertising by visiting the industry opt-out pages maintained by the Network Advertising Initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (http://optout.aboutads.info).
Your California Privacy Rights
Updates to our policy: We may update this policy from time to time in the future. We will post the updated policy to our Web site to notify you of these changes. We recommend you check this site periodically.
Last updated: 1/1/2020
JOIN OUR EMAIL NEWSLETTER!
Get the latest info on New Products, Special Deals & more!
SIGN UP
Go
Thank you for signing up for Support Plus E-Mails!
You will now get the latest on gifts, promotions and special discounts!
Please note: To ensure
delivery to your inbox (not bulk or junk folders), please add supportplus@email.supportplus.com to your address book
or "approved senders" list.
Visit our Sister Sites:
×
×