http://www.fashionablecanes.com/pages/privacy-policy
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $80 (SEE DETAILS) - FREE EXCHANGES
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy This privacy statement describes how Fashionable INC DBA Fashionable Canes collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: www.fashionablecanes.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. Collection and Use of Personal Information We collect the following personal information from you.
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address Financial Information such as bank or brokerage account numbers, types of investments Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password Preferences Information such as product wish lists, order history, marketing preferences
We also collect the following information from you.
Information about your business such as company name, company size, business type Demographic information such as age, education, gender, interests and zip code
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system. We use this information to: Fulfill your order
Send you an order confirmation Send you requested product or service information Send product updates or warranty information Respond to customer service requests Administer your account Send you a catalog Send you a newsletter Send you marketing communications Respond to your questions and concerns Improve our Web site and marketing efforts Conduct research and analysis
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at customerservice@fashionablecanes.com. Customer Reviews You will be prompted for a survey at the completion of checkout. Upon the completion of that survey, you will be emailed a followup survey to complete the initial survey. In addition, to focus on the quality of our products, you will receive an email for the review of the product(s) purchase. Information Obtained from Third Parties
If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us. Information Sharing We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if Fashionable INC is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
We share your personal information with other companies so that they can market OUR products or services to you. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at customerservice@fashionablecanes.com .
Amazon
If you choose to use Amazon to finalize and pay for your order, you will provide your credit card number, directly to Amazon. Amazon's privacy policy will apply to the information you provide on Amazon's Web site Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We may use cookies, for example, to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information. We use a company to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personally identifiable information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site. Web beacons
Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns. We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our Web site. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used. Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Fashionable INC. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Security The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at customerservice@fashionablecanes.com
We provide two means for you to make a purchase on our site. You can either use our order form or a third party payment option. If you use our shopping cart, the transmission of sensitive information collected on our order form is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). If you choose to use a third party payment option to pay for your order, its privacy statement and security practices will apply to your information. We encourage you to read that privacy statement before providing your information. Additional Policy Information Our Web site includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. Information collected by this Widget is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it.
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information
To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us at customerservice@fashionablecanes.com. Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Contact Information You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below: Fashionable Canes 12399 South Belcher Rd. Suite 160 Largo, FL, United States 33773 Email: customerservice@fashionablecanes.com Phone: 727-474-0799
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Fashionable Canes's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials; use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial); attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Fashionable Canes's web site; remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Fashionable Canes at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Fashionable Canes's web site are provided "as is". Fashionable Canes makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Fashionable Canes does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Fashionable Canes or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Fashionable Canes's Internet site, even if Fashionable Canes or a Fashionable Canes authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Fashionable Canes's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Fashionable Canes does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Fashionable Canes may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Fashionable Canes does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Fashionable Canes has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Fashionable Canes of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Fashionable Canes may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Fashionable Canes's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.
EMAIL EXCLUSIVES
Enter your email address to sign up for our newsletter, which includes special offers only for our newsletter subscribers!
We will not sell your email address, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
About Us
12399 S Belcher Rd Ste 160
Largo, FL 33773 US1-877-890-7677
Follow Us
Quick Links
HomeContact UsSame Day ShippingStart a ReturnAbout UsCustomer ReviewsNewest ArrivalsShop Printed Catalog
Cane Info
Cane SizingChoosing a HandleHelp / FAQAbout CanesWeight RestrictionsWalking Cane ArticlesCane info VideosQ&A for Canes
Policies
"Easy" Return PolicySecure ShoppingPrivacy PolicyHoliday ShippingInternational Shipping
© 2020 FASHIONABLECANES.COM ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
0