http://www.farm-2-market.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
Home
Seafood
Caviar
Crab
Crawfish
Lobster
Mussels and Clams
Oysters
Scallops
Shrimp
Fresh Fish
Salmon
Striped Bass
Tuna
Trout
Halibut
Meats
Kobe Beef
Foie Gras
Recipes
Oyster Recipes
Crab Recipes
Crawfish Recipes
Fresh Fish Recipes
Lobster Recipes
Mussels and Clams Recipes
Scallops Recipes
Shrimp Recipes
Caviar Recipes
American Kobe Beef Recipes
Foie Gras Recipes
About Us
FAQ
Blog
Contact Us
Account
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy sets out the approach which Farm 2 Market will take in relation to the treatment of Personal Information.
Collection
Farm 2 Market will only collect Personal Information where the information is necessary to perform one or more of its functions or activities. In this context, "collect" means gather, acquire or obtain by any means, information in circumstances where the individual is identifiable or identified. Farm 2 Market collects Personal Information primarily to supply users with the products and services provided by this site and its related companies. Farm 2 Market also collects and uses Personal Information for secondary purposes including billing and account management. Farm 2 Market will not collect Sensitive Information from individuals except with consent and only where it is necessary for Farm 2 Market to collect such information for an activity or function.
Use
Farm 2 Market will obtain an individual's consent for use of non-sensitive Personal Information for Secondary Purposes at the time of collection, unless the Use is a related Secondary Purpose which would be within Farm 2 Market Uses Personal Information primarily for the purposes listed ABOVE. If Farm 2 Market relies on the Direct Marketing exception to Direct Market to individuals it will ensure that: the individual is clearly notified of their right to Opt Out from further Direct Marketing; and if the individual Opts Out of all Direct Marketing the Opt Out will be respected by Farm 2 Market. Farm 2 Market will not use Sensitive Information for Direct Marketing. Farm 2 Market will not use Personal Information without taking reasonable steps to ensure that the information is accurate, complete and up to date.
Disclosure
Farm 2 Market may Disclose Personal Information to unrelated third parties to enable outsourcing of functions (such as billing, customer relations management and order fulfillment), where that is Disclosure or Use for a related Secondary Purpose and has been notified to individuals or where such Disclosure is within the individual's Reasonable Expectations.Farm 2 Market will take reasonable steps to ensure that its contracts with third parties include requirements for third parties to comply with the Use and Disclosure requirements of the Privacy Act.Farm 2 Market may Disclose Personal Information to law enforcement agencies, government agencies, courts or external advisers where permitted or required by law.