http://www.escortradar.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Registration and Updates
Product Support
Service
Your Order
Programs & Terms
International Sales & Support
Registration and Updates
Product Support
Service
Your Order
Programs & Terms
International Sales & Support
Trade-In Program
Ticket Guarantee
Price Match Promise
Payment Options
Financing
ID.me
Terms & Conditions
Promotions
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how we, Escort Inc., handle information we learn about you through your use of the ESCORT Live! services (the "Services") and the ESCORT Live! App (the "Escort App"), and is effective as of May 9, 2012. Your prior interactions with the Services and the Escort App may have been governed by an earlier version of the Policy.
From time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Policy. If our information practices change materially at some time in the future, we will post the changes and revise our Policy accordingly. In addition, we will notify you about the changes and secure your consent prior to making use of your information in new ways.
If you have questions or wish to contact us about the Policy, direct inquiries to:
Escort Inc.5440 West Chester RoadWest Chester, Ohio 45069-2950Phone: 800-543-1608Email: radarsupport@escortradar.com
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect both personal information and location based data in connection with your use of the Escort App and the Services.
Personal InformationWe collect personally-identifiable information you provide to us, including your name, address, phone number and email information (collectively, "Personal Information"), when you register as a user of our services.
DataThe Services provided are a location based service, and we collect certain information ("Data") from you through your use of the Services and the Escort App designed to facilitate your and other individuals' use of the Services. Data includes GPS location information, unique device identifiers, user account identifier, as well as location and time information (heading, street name, time stamp) related to any alerts generated automatically or by user input.
HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION?
Personal InformationWe use Personal Information collected from you to manage your user account. In addition, we may share the information we collect on the web site with third parties, who may use the information for their own marketing purposes.
California Privacy RightsPursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, Escort customers who are California residents can request certain information about the sharing of their own personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year. California residents can request this disclosure by sending a request to Escort Inc., 5440 West Chester Road, West Chester, Ohio 45069-2950 or by email to contactus@cedarelectronics.com. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
DataWe use Data collected from you to compile a database of road alerts which we then share with all users of the Services and/or the Escort App. Only information directly related to the alert is shared in this manner. Unique device identifiers and user account identifiers are not shared, but are associated with the alert and maintained in our database for internal use.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
We may retain Personal Information you provide to us indefinitely. In addition, any Data we collect is retained in our database indefinitely; however, we delete information in our records used to link the Data we have collected from you with your Personal Information six months following the termination of your user account.
INFORMATION ACCESS
Upon request we provide registered account holders with access to the Personal Information that we maintain about them. You can access this information by sending your request to the postal address or email address provided above. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
We also offer registered account holders the opportunity to have inaccuracies corrected in the Personal Information we maintain about them. You can log into your account and make changes to your member profile (except that you may not change your user name). You can also have your information corrected by sending your request to the postal address or email address provided above. To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
We reserve the right to ask for information verifying your identity prior to disclosing or correcting any information to you. Should we ask for verification, the information you provide to verify your identity will be used only for that purpose, and all copies of this information in our possession will be destroyed when the process is complete.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow industry standards to protect the personal information we collect and save. Remember that mobile transmissions are not 100% secure. While we use standard methods to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Bazaarvoice Privacy PolicyGoogle Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
VIP Experience Email Sign Up
ESCORT RADAR does not sell or share your email address with anyone. We do not "spam". By signing up for our newsletter, you will receive periodic emails from Cedar Electronics. If you no longer wish to receive emails from Cedar Electronics, please click the unsubscribe link included in all of our marketing and promotional emails (you also have the option to change your subscription preferences at any time) or call customer service toll free at 800.543.1608 8AM-6PM (Eastern) Monday - Friday.
QUESTIONS/CONCERNS
If you believe we are not following this stated information policy, you may contact us at the postal address or email address provided above.
COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not._session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc)._shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits_shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart._secure_session_id, unique token, sessionalstorefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.