http://www.nancysplushtoys.com/terms.asp
www.nancysplushtoys.com
View Cart(0 Item $0.00)   |
My Account
Free Shipping on all orders
WILDLIFE
DOMESTIC
AQUATIC
BACKPACKS
PUPPETS
GARFIELD, STITCH
PUZZLES
ZIBBIES
Nancy's Menu
About Us
Returns
Shipping
Site Help / FAQ
Garfest 2019 Menu
Garfield Gathering
Registration Info
Shop By Category
WILDLIFE
Specials
DOMESTIC
AQUATIC
BACKPACKS
PUPPETS
GARFIELD, STITCH
PUZZLES
ZIBBIES
Shop By Brand
A37531
Aurora
Bits & Pieces
Cabin Critters
Cabin Critters Inc
Classic
Demdaco
Douglas
Doulgas
Dowdle
EDUCATION
Enesco
Factory
Fiesta
Folkmainis
Folkmanis
Forever Garden
Gooseberry Patc
Hansa
Kurt Adler
Lafayette
Lenz Frenz
Motorhead Prod
Pancake Puppies
Platte River
Play Visions
Powerhouse Toys
Puppet Company
Red Penguin
RHODE
Rhode Island
Russ
Russ Berrie
SKM
Unipak
Westland
White Mountain
Wild Repubilc
Wild Republic
Wildlife Artist
Wildlife Artsts
WINEDGE
Winning Edge
Wishpets
Yes Anime
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts. Copyright 2003, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts or purchasing Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts or to purchase Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Nancy's Plush Toys & GiftsWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityNancy's Plush Toys & Gifts shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeNancy's Plush Toys & Gifts may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerNancy's Plush Toys & Gifts does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Company Info
Contact Us
View Cart
Sign-In
Order Status
Category Index
Product Index
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Have Questions? Contact Us:
Email: npt@nancysplushtoys.com
Phone: 717-866-5487
Leave a message!
Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts is Upfront
Copyright ©  Nancy's Plush Toys & Gifts. All Rights Reserved.Built with Volusion