http://www.leadinglady.com/pages/customer-service-terms-conditions
Skip to content.
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Request a ReturnContact UsShipping & ReturnsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyVendor ConductHow to Care
Terms & Conditions
The following rules and regulations apply to all visitors to, or users of, the Leading Lady Website www.leadinglady.com.  By using this Website, you agree to be bound by these rules and regulations as they may be modified and posted at any time. In the event of a violation of these rules and regulations, Leading Lady reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity.
Limited License
Leading Lady Website and all of its materials, including, but not limited to, its software or HTML code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, images, video and audio (collectively, "Materials") are protected by copyright laws and other U.S. and international laws and treaties. All Materials are provided by Leading Lady as a service to its current and prospective customers and may be used only for personal informational and product-ordering purposes and only if you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials. No right, title or interest in our Materials is conveyed to you. This is a limited license, not a transfer of title to our Materials, and such license is subject to the following restrictions: (a) you may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this site or any of its Materials without our prior written permission; (b) you may not access or use the Leading Lady Website for any competitive or commercial purpose; and (c) you will not permit any copying of our Materials. Any unauthorized copying, alteration, distribution, transmission, performance, display, or other use of these Materials is prohibited. Leading Lady may revoke this limited license at any time for any or no reason. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Leading Lady.
Trademarks
Leading Lady and its affiliated companies retain all rights regarding their trademarks, trade names, brand names and trade dress. These marks, names or trade dress, and all associated logos or images, are registered and/or common law trademarks of Leading Lady and are protected by U.S. and international laws and treaties. No license to the use of such marks, names or trade dress is granted to you under these terms and conditions or by your use of the Leading Lady Website. Your misuse of the trademarks displayed on the Leading Lady Website is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Leading Lady will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of civil remedies and criminal prosecution.
Patents
One or more patents may apply to this Website.
Linking
Periodically, links may be established from this Website to one or more external Websites or resources operated by third parties ("Third-Party Sites"). These links are provided for your convenience only. In addition, certain Third-Party Sites also may provide links to the Leading Lady Website. None of such links should be deemed to imply that Leading Lady endorses the Third-Party Sites or any content therein.
Leading Lady does not control and is not responsible or liable for any Third-Party Sites or any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such Third-Party Sites. Access to any Third-Party Sites is at your own risk, and Leading Lady will have no liability arising out of, or related to, such Websites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, any purchase, use of, or reliance on, any such content, goods or services available on or through any such Third-Party Site.
Special Notice
Leading Lady has a no-tolerance policy regarding the use of our trademarks or names in metatags and/or hidden text. Specifically, the use of our trademarks or names in metatag keywords is trademark infringement, and the use of trademarks or names in page text, metatags and/or hidden text for purposes of gaining higher rankings from search engines is unfair competition. Linking to any Leading Lady Webpage is prohibited absent express written permission from Leading Lady. Framing, inline linking or other association of the Leading Lady Website or its Materials with links, advertisements and/or other information not originating from the Leading Lady Website is expressly prohibited.
Disclaimer of Warranty
Access to Leading Lady Website is provided to our customers and prospective customers "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and without warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. Leading Lady reserves the right to block or deny access to the Website to anyone at any time for any reason.
Jurisdiction
Leading Lady controls this Website from its offices within the state of Ohio. Leading Lady does not imply that the materials published on this Website are appropriate for use outside of the United States. If you access this Website from outside of the United States, you do so on your own initiative, and you are responsible for compliance with local laws. The terms of this Website shall be governed by the laws of the state of Ohio, without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions.
Your Communications
Leading Lady shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Website for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. Any personally identifiable information you provide to Leading Lady through the Website shall be subject to the Website's Privacy Policy.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL LEADING LADY BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES FOR USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, COSTS OF REPLACEMENT, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, LOSS OF DATA OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM USE OF, OR RELIANCE ON, THE INFORMATION PRESENT, EVEN IF LEADING LADY IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED ABOUT THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations on liability may not apply to you.
Revisions
Leading Lady may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this Website, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time and without notice. Leading Lady also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms in whole or in part, at any time and without notice. Leading Lady may terminate the authorization, rights and license given above at any time and without notice. Your continued use of this Website after any changes to these terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Notice for Copyright Infringement
Leading Lady does not permit copyright infringing activities on this Website. Leading Lady may remove any content of any kind that a user posts to this Website ("User Communications"), e.g., if properly informed that the User Communications infringe another's copyright rights. Leading Lady may terminate the ability to submit User Communications if, under appropriate circumstances, a person submitting User Communications to this Website is determined to be a repeat infringer.
If you are a copyright owner or an agent for such owner and believe that any User Communications on this Website by third parties infringes upon your copyrights, you may notify Leading Lady by providing the following information in writing:
(1) A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed.
(2) Identification of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists.
(3) Identification of the User Communication(s) or material that is claimed to be infringing and a description of the infringing activity and information reasonably sufficient to permit Leading Lady to locate the same.
(4) Information reasonably sufficient to permit Leading Lady to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
(5) A statement that you have a good-faith belief that use of the User Communication(s) or material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
(6) A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive copyright right that is allegedly infringed.
Our agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By MailLeading LadyWebsite Communications Department24050 Commerce Park, Suite 101Beachwood OH 44122
By Email orders@leadinglady.com
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements above, your notice may not be valid.