https://www.benbridge.com/cookie-policy.html
My Bag
Pay my bill
Sign In
Order by 12/11 to receive in time for Christmas
Menu
Menu
Engagement & Wedding
Engagement Rings
Bridal Sets
InStyle Feature Collection
Vintage-Inspired Rings
Solitaire Rings
Halo Rings
Gemstone Rings
Semi-Mount Rings
Shop By Cut
Princess
Round
Cushion
Emerald
Oval
Wedding Bands
Eternity Bands
Gold Bands
Women's Bands
Men's Bands
Ring Guards
Designer Collections
Bella Ponte Bridal
Ikuma Canadian Diamonds
Signature Forevermark
Forevermark Black Label
ArtCarved
Verragio
Shop Rings
Her
Him
Anniversary Rings
Shop All
Jewelry
Featured
New Arrivals
Jade Trau For Signature Forevermark
Best Sellers
Shop Timeless Holiday Magazine
Diamond Essentials
Trending Hoop Earrings
The Gold Standard
Gemstone Jewelry
Baby Jewelry
Sale
By Category
Bracelets
Earrings
Necklaces
Rings
Men's
Diamonds
Diamond Studs
Diamond Earrings
Diamond Necklaces
Diamond Bracelets
Diamond Rings
Forevermark Diamonds
Shop All
Exclusive to Us
Ikuma Canadian Diamonds
Signature Forevermark
Toscano Italian Gold
HopeCircle Collection
Lisa Bridge
Bella Ponte Bridal
Shop All
Designers
Roberto Coin
MIKIMOTO
Forevermark Tribute™
David Yurman
Shop All
Shop All
Rolex
Rolex at Ben Bridge
The Rolex Watches
Our Rolex History
Festive Selection
New Watches 2020
Contact Us
Collections
The Air-King
The Cellini
The Cosmograph Daytona
The Datejust
The Day-Date
The Explorer
The GMT-Master II
The Milgauss
The Oyster Perpetual
The Pearlmaster
The Sea-Dweller
The Sky-Dweller
The Submariner
The Yacht-Master
Collections
The Air-King
The Cellini
The Cosmograph Daytona
The Datejust
The Day-Date
The Explorer
The GMT-Master II
The Milgauss
The Oyster Perpetual
The Pearlmaster
The Sea-Dweller
The Sky-Dweller
The Submariner
The Yacht-Master
Patek Philippe
Watches
Shop by Watch Brand
Rolex
Patek Philippe
Baume & Mercier
Breitling
Cartier
G-Shock
Grand Seiko
Hamilton
IWC Schaffhausen
Movado
Panerai
Raymond Weil
TAG Heuer
Tissot
TUDOR
All Watch Brands
All Watches
For Him
For Her
Best Sellers
Timeless
New Arrivals
Top Picks Under $1000
Watch Styles
Sale Watches
Certified Pre-Owned
Shop Certified Pre-Owned
Featured Pre-Owned: Rolex
About Certified Pre-Owned
Our Watchmaker Expertise
Shop All
SHOP NOW
Pandora
Shop by Category
Charms
Rings
Bracelets
Earrings
Gift Sets
Necklaces
Themes
Disney
Animals & Pets
Nature
Travel
Birthdays
Love
Collections
New Arrivals
Best Sellers
Pandora Star Wars
Pandora Harry Potter
Pandora Disney
Pandora Winter
Pandora Shine™
Pandora Rose™
Pandora Me
Pandora Stores
United States
Canada
Featured In Ben Bridge
Shop All
Gifts
Shop Gifts
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Kids & Teens
Gifts for Baby
Explore All Gifts
Gift Occasions
Birthday
Graduation
Anniversary
Bridal Party Gifts
Shop by Price
Gifts Under $500
$500-$1,000
$1,000-$2,500
$2,500 and up
Shop All
2020 Timeless Magazine
Search
Search Catalog
Search
Pay my bill
Sign In
Visit a store
Contact Us
Cookies Policy
Cookies Policy
Effective Date/Last Updated: January 1, 2020
Unless otherwise expressly stated, capitalized terms in this Notice have the same meaning as defined in the Privacy Policy.
scope of notice
This Cookie Policy supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy by explaining how we and our business partners and services providers use cookies and related technologies in the course of managing and providing our online services
and our communications to you. It explains what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them.
In some cases, we may use cookies and related technologies described in this Cookie Policy to collect personal information, or to collect information that becomes personal information if we combine it with other information. For more details about
how we process your personal information, please review the Privacy Policy.
what are cookies and related technologies
Cookies are small data files that are stored on your computer that allow us and our third-party partners and providers to collect certain information about your interactions with our email communications, websites and other online services. We
and our third-party partners and providers may also use other, related technologies to collect this information, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, “cookies”).
what we collect when using cookies
We and our third-party partners and providers may use cookies to automatically collect certain types of usage information about how you access and use the services when you visit or interact with our email communications or websites or otherwise
engage with us through a computer or mobile device. For example, we may collect log data about your device and its software, such as your IP address, operating system, browser type, date/time of your visit, and other similar information. We
may collect analytics data or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics to help us measure usage and activity trends for our online services and better understand our customer base.
Third-party partners and providers may also collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our websites and online services.
third party data collection & interest-based advertising
We participate in interest-based advertising and use third party advertising companies to serve you targeted advertisements based on your browsing history. We permit third party online advertising networks, social media companies and other third-party
services, to collect information about your use of our online services over time so that they may play or display ads on our services, on other websites, or services you may use, and on other devices you may use. Typically, though not always,
the information used for interest-based advertising is collected through tracking technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, and similar technology (collectively, “tracking technologies”),
which recognize the device you are using and collect information, including click stream information, browser type, time and date you visited the site, AdID, precise geolocation and other information. We may share a common account identifier
(such as a hashed email address or user ID) with our third-party advertising partners to help identify you across devices. We and our third-party partners use this information to make the advertisements you see online more relevant to your
interests, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics and market research. We may also use services provided by third parties (such as social media platforms) to serve targeted ads to you and
others on such platforms. We may do this by providing a hashed version of your email address or other information to the platform provider. See “Your Choices About Online Ads” below, to learn more about interest-based advertising.
Social Media Widgets and Advertising. Our services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, Pinterest, Instagram, Twitter or other widgets. These social media companies may recognize you and collect information
about your visit to our services, and they may set a cookie or employ other tracking technologies. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of those companies.
We display targeted advertising to you through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and other social media forums. These companies have interest-based advertising programs that allow us to direct advertisements
to users who have shown interest in our services while those users are on the social media platform, or to groups of other users who share similar traits, such as likely commercial interests and demographics. We may share a unique identifier,
such as a user ID or hashed email address, with these platform providers or they may collect information from our website visitors through a first-party pixel, in order to direct targeted advertising to you or to a custom audience on the social
media platform. These advertisements are governed by the privacy policies of those social media companies that provide them. If you do not want to receive targeted ads on your social networks, you may be able to adjust your advertising preferences
through your settings on those networks. You may learn more about advertising preferences by consulting the policies of the social media platforms you use.
Third Party Partners.The following is a sample of the third-party service partners we work with to provide advertising services. We will strive to update this list if or when we work with new partners which offer you choices about the collection
of your information, but as partners change and new technologies become available, this list is likely to change over time and may not always reflect our current partners.
Google Analytics and Advertising. We use Google Analytics to recognize you and link the devices you use when you visit our websites or services on your browser or mobile device, log in to your account on our services, or otherwise
engage with us. We share a unique identifier, like a user ID or hashed email address, with Google to facilitate the service. Google Analytics allows us to better understand how our users interact with our services and to tailor our
advertisements and content to you. For information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data, as well as how you can control information sent to Google, review Google's site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’
sites or apps” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You can learn about Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs, including the
Google Analytics Browser Ad-On here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .
We may also utilize certain forms of display advertising and other advanced features through Google Analytics, such as Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration,
and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These features enable us to use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick advertising cookie) or other third-party
cookies together to inform, optimize, and display ads based on your past visits to the Service. You may control your advertising preferences or opt-out of certain Google advertising products by visiting the Google Ads Preferences Manager,
currently available at https://google.com/ads/preferences, or by visiting NAI’s online resources at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
how we use that information
We use or may use the data collected through cookies to: (a) recognize new or current customers and remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our websites and online services; (b)
provide and monitor the effectiveness of our websites and online services; (c) monitor online usage and activities of our websites and online services; (d) diagnose errors and problems with our websites and online services; (e) otherwise plan
for and enhance our online services; (f) serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising (see below for more on interest-based advertising); and (g) facilitate the purposes identified in the Our Use of Personal Information section of
our Privacy Policy. We and our advertising partners also use the information we collect through cookies to understand your browsing activities, including across unaffiliated third-party sites, so that we can deliver ads and information about
products and services that may be of interest to you.
Please note that we link some of the personal information we collect through cookies with the other personal information that we collect about you and for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy.
your choices about cookies
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers will allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set
your browser to automatically reject cookies. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using our online services, as some features and services on our online services may not work properly. In addition, if you want to
reject cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you actively use. Depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. You may also set
your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it.
You can learn more about Google’s practices with Google Analytics by visiting Google’s privacy policy here. You can also view Google’s currently available
opt-out options here.
your choices about online ads
Controlling Cookies and Tracking Technologies. Most browsers allow you to adjust your browser settings to: (i) notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii)
set your browser to automatically reject cookies. Blocking or deleting cookies may negatively impact your experience using the Service, as some features and services may not work properly. Depending on your mobile device and operating system,
you may not be able to delete or block all tracking technologies. You may set your e-mail options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you viewed or engaged with our
emails.
Interest-Based Advertising. We support the self-regulatory principles for online advertising (Principles) published by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). This means that we allow you to exercise choice regarding the collection of information
about your online activities over time and across third-party websites for online interest-based advertising purposes. More information about these Principles can be found at www.aboutads.info
If you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on your internet browser from advertisers and third parties that participate in the DAA program and perform advertising-related services for us and our partners, please
follow the instructions at www.aboutads.info/choices, or
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to place an opt-out cookie on your device indicating that you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements. Opt-out
cookies only work on the internet browser and device they are downloaded onto. If you want to opt out of interest-based advertisements across all your browsers and devices, you will need to opt out on each browser on each device you actively
use. If you delete cookies on your device generally, you will need to opt out again.
If you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on mobile apps, please follow the instructions at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
Please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on our online services. It means that the online ads that you do see from DAA program participants
should not be based on your interests. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. In addition, third parties
may still use cookies to collect information about your use of our online services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other purpose permitted under the DAA’s Principles.
updates to this cookie policy
Ben Bridge may update this Cookie Policy from time to time. By your continued use of our Sites after we make changes, you are deemed to accept those changes, so please review this Cookie Policy periodically for updates. All changes shall be
effective from the date of publication unless otherwise provided.
contact us
If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Policy or other privacy-related matters, please send an email to privacy@benbridge.com. Alternatively,
inquiries may be addressed to: Ben Bridge Jeweler, Inc., P.O. Box 1908, Seattle, WA 98111, Attn: General Counsel
Top
©
Ben Bridge Jeweler, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Policies
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Unsubscribe
Your Personal Jeweler Since 1912. LEARN MORE
Contact Us
888-448-1912
Visit a store
Chat service by BoldChat
Skip To Main Content