https://www.giarre.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Privacy
Welcome to our website giarre.com
The undersigned company MEGAVISION Srl protects the privacy of personal data and guarantees to them the necessary protection from any event that could put them at risk of violation.
Pursuant to and for the purposes of the provisions of the European Union Regulation no. 679/2016 ("GDPR"), and in particular from its art. 13, below we provide the user ("Person Concerned") with information on the processing of his personal data.
This informative note ("Disclosure"), drawn up on the basis of the principle of transparency and all the elements required by the GDPR, is divided into individual sections, each of which deals with a specific topic in order to make reading faster, easier and easier to understand .
For MEGAVISION Srl ("giarre.com") your privacy and the security of your personal data are very important; thus, we collect and manage your personal data with the utmost attention and we take specific measures to ensure their safety.
Below you shall find the information on the processing by MEGAVISION Srl of your personal data, relating to your browsing and the use of the services offered by giarre.com. For detailed information on how MEGAVISION Srl processes your personal data, please read our Privacy Notice.
You are also requested to read the “Cookie Policy” of giarre.com website, and “General Conditions of Use”, which contain detailed information regarding the conditions of our services. Some services may be subject to specific legal terms, in which case we will provide you with all the relevant information from time to time.
Who is the Data Controller?
Below is the main information on the processing of your personal data performed by MEGAVISION Srl, located in Via Nazionale 19 – 33010 Reana del Rojale, Udine (Italy) Tax Code and VAT Number n. 02258300306 “Giarre.com”, as Data Controller.
For any clarification, question or requirement related to your privacy and the processing of your personal data you can contact us at any time by sending a request to our Customer Care by selecting “privacy”, by calling +39 379 1467150 (WhatsApp) or by writing to the address of MEGAVISION Srl.
What data we process and why The personal data that MEGAVISION Srl collects is that provided by you to us when finalizing an order and purchasing goods, and those that we collect as you browse or use the services offered by giarre.com. MEGAVISION Srl can collect data about you, such as personal details like name and surname, shipping and billing address, browsing data and your purchase habits. Your Personal Data will be processed for the following purposes: – conclude and execute the purchase contract for the articles offered on giarre.com; – provide you with the services of giarre.com such as subscription to the newsletter; – allow registration to the Site and use of services reserved for registered users; – manage your requests to our Customer Service. In the aforementioned cases, the processing of your personal data is legitimate as it is necessary to execute a contract with you or to provide you with the service you have specifically requested. We also conduct statistical surveys and analyzes with data in aggregate form to understand how users interact with and use the US Site, to improve our offer and our services. Only with your express consent, however, we process your personal data to: – perform commercial and promotional communication activities; – customize the US Site and the commercial offers based on your interests.
Who will process your data? Your personal data is processed by duly trained MEGAVISION Srl staff in capacity of Data Controller. For organizational and functional needs related to the provision of services on giarre.com, moreover, your data could be processed by our suppliers. The latter have been evaluated and chosen by MEGAVISION Srl for their proven reliability and competence. Some of these subjects may also be based in non-EU countries and, in these cases, the transfer of your personal data in these countries is performed in compliance with the guarantees provided by law.
How long do we keep your data? We keep your personal data for a limited period of time, depending on the purpose for which it was collected, at the end of which your personal data will be deleted or otherwise rendered anonymous in an irreversible way. The retention period is different depending on the purpose of the processing: for example, the data collected during the purchase of goods on giarre.com are processed until the conclusion of all administrative and accounting formalities, and is, therefore, stored in accordance with local tax legislation (ten years); those used to send you our newsletter are kept until you ask to stop receiving it. For further information, please see our Privacy Policy.
What are your rights? At any time, depending on the specific processing, you can: withdraw your consent to data processing; know what are your personal data in our possession, their origin and how they are used; request the update, correction or integration as well, in the cases provided for by the current provisions, the cancellation, the limitation of processing or oppose to their processing. If you wish, you can request to receive personal data in possession of MEGAVISION Srl that concern you in a format readable by electronic devices and, where technically possible, we can transfer your data directly to a third party indicated by you. If you believe that the processing of your personal data has been carried out illegitimately, you can file a complaint with one of the supervisory authorities responsible for compliance with the rules on personal data protection. In Italy, the complaint can be presented to the Personal Data Protection Authority (http://garanteprivacy.it/) This policy may undergo changes and additions over time, so we invite you to periodically check its contents. Where possible, we will try to inform you promptly of any changes made.
Privacy Policy
General Information Who is the Data Controller? MEGAVISION Srl, located in Via Nazionale 19 – 33010 Reana del Rojale, Udine (Italy) Tax Code and VAT Number n. 02258300306 “Giarre.com”, is the Data Controller, the subject who decides how and why to process your personal data.
You can always contact MEGAVISION Srl writing to the above address, calling +39 379 1467150 (WhatsApp) or writing to our Customer Care and selecting “privacy”.
What personal data do we collect?
The categories of personal data that MEGAVISION Srl collects and treats when you browse or purchase on giarre.com are as follows:
a) We collect the personal data required to conclude and execute your purchase on giarre.com such as your name, email address, shipping address, billing address, phone number and payment details;
b) We collect your e-mail address when you sign up for our newsletter service;
c) We process the personal data you provide us when you contact our Customer Care to request assistance;
d) With your prior consent, we collect your personal data for marketing purposes;
e) For the registration of your giarre.com account, we collect your name and surname, your e-mail address, password and your date of birth. If you are a registered user, we collect information about your access to the reserved area of the Site. Subject to your express consent, and through the analysis of your personal data, we process information about your interests and preferences relating to our products and services, in order to customize the Site and the commercial offers based on your interests.
f) We collect information about your browsing on giarre.com, such as the pages you visit and how you interact with the single page and we save this information on our servers.
g) In the event that you provide MEGAVISION Srl with personal data of third parties, for example if you decide to buy a product to be delivered to a friend, or to send it as a gift, MEGAVISION Srl will arrange to deliver the privacy policy to the third party at the time of the first communication. We remind you that the use of personal data of third parties is subject to the discipline regarding the protection of personal data.
We inform you that MEGAVISION Srl does not process personal data relating to minors. If you access giarre.com and use the services offered by MEGAVISION Srl you declare that you are of legal age.
The protection of minors
The Services / Products offered by the Data Controller are reserved for subjects legally capable of concluding contractual obligations, in compliance with the relevant national legislation.
The personal data of minors will not be processed by the Data Controller unless prior authorization from the holder of parental responsibility.
How do we use the data we collect?
MEGAVISION Srl collects and processes your personal data for the following purposes:
a) Conclude and execute the purchase contract for the products offered on giarre.com. When you complete your purchase, we will request you for the personal data necessary for the execution of the contract; such as payment, anti-fraud checks if you choose to pay by credit or debit card, billing, shipping of the product and possible management of the made.
b) Registration on the Site and use of the services offered to registered users. The registration on the Site is possible through the inclusion of some personal information, necessary to ensure your identification and the performance of services offered to registered users.
c) Provision of the services offered on giarre.com. For this purpose, MEGAVISION Srl needs to collect, in relation to each service and its characteristics, the personal data necessary for the performance of the service requested.
d) Management of requests to our Customer Care, which uses the personal data you provide to meet your requests for information and requests for assistance.
e) Statistical analysis and surveys. We use some information about your use of the Site to perform statistical analysis and surveys in order to improve our offer and services;
f) Sending commercial and promotional communications following the purchase of one of our products, so-called soft Spam. Following the purchase of one of our products on the Site, we will send you to the e-mail address that you provided us communications containing our business proposals and related products and services.
g) Subject to your express consent, we may use the contact details you have provided for commercial communications on our products and services, in order to update you on news, new arrivals, exclusive products, our offers and promotions. In addition, and always with your consent, we will be able to use your contacts as part of market research and surveys for the detection of satisfaction in order to improve our services and the relationship with our users. These communications will take place exclusively through the methods you have chosen (via e-mail, SMS, telephone, paper mail, Whatsapp).
h) Only with your consent, MEGAVISION Srl will be able to personalize your experience as a registered user on giarre.com, proposing anticipations and offers in line with your tastes and sending you commercial communications tailored to your interests, these communications will only take place in the manner you selected (via e-mail, SMS, telephone, paper mail, Whatsapp).
The customization is made possible by the analysis of your personal information in our possession, described in the previous section “What personal data do we collect?”.
In case you do not wish to receive further communications from MEGAVISION Srl ,or would like to limit the manner in which you are contacted, you may interrupt these communications at any time by simply clicking on the appropriate cancellation link at the bottom of each communication, contacting MEGAVISION Srl by calling +39 379 1467150 (WhatsApp) or by contacting our Customer Care and selecting “privacy” or by writing to the aforementioned address.
We inform you that you may receive further communications from us even after submitting your cancellation request, as some submissions may have already been planned, our systems may take some time to process your request.
With regards to all the activities aforementioned, we shall process your personal data mainly through IT and electronic tools; the tools we use guarantee high safety standards, in full compliance with current legislation.
Your giarr.com profile
When you create your profile, we offer you the possibility to use the following services:
My orders: Track the shipping of your orders, change or return items that are not for you and see the history of your orders.
Wish List: Save the items you wish and watch for their availability.
My Data: Manage your registration data.
My Addresses: Save or change your addresses to have them always at hand and complete your purchases faster.
My Cards: Save or change your card information and complete your orders faster and always safely.
My Sizes: Create your personal profile and only pick products in your perfect size.
With your express consent MEGAVISION Srl will customize your experience and the contents of the commercial communications and offers that you will see when you browse on giarre.com as a registered user, based on your interests. This activity facilitates your search for products and services tailored for you and that might interest you, and at the same time allows us to improve our offer for you. The customization is made possible by the analysis of your personal information in our possession, described in the previous section “What personal data do we collect?”. In particular, the information on purchases you have made in the past and those relating to the sections of the Site you visit most often or the services you use most often help us to understand what products and services you are most interested in.
Legal basis of the processing
We treat your personal data only in the presence of one of the conditions provided for by current legislation, and specifically:
a) For the conclusion and execution of a contract of which you are a part.
When we process your data for the conclusion of the purchase contract of which you are a part we take care to use only the minimum information necessary for the execution of the same. This basis legitimizes the processing of personal data that takes place in the following activities:
conclusion and execution of a purchase contract for the products offered on giarre.com;
registration on the Site and use of services reserved for registered users;
provision of services offered on giarre.com;
management of requests to our Customer Care.
The provision of your personal data for these activities is a contractual obligation. You are free to communicate your data or not, but in the absence of the requested data it will not be possible to conclude or execute the contract and your requests. This means that you will not be able to purchase the products and you will not be able to use the MEGAVISION Srl services and that MEGAVISION Srl will not be able to handle your requests;
b) To comply with a legal obligation.
In the event of conclusion of a contract for the purchase of goods on giarre.com, the processing of the data shall take place in order to fulfill the legal obligations to which MEGAVISION Srl is held in accordance with the tax provisions and other regulations to which MEGAVISION Srl is subject. You are free to decide whether to conclude a contract and whether or not to disclose your data, but if you conclude it, your data will be necessary and will be processed to give effect to the aforementioned legal obligations to which MEGAVISION Srl is required.
c) For our legitimate interest.
Some of your personal data in case of purchase of products on giarre.com by credit or debit card, may be processed to perform anti-fraud verifications: we have a legitimate interest in the performance of activity to prevent and prosecute any fraudulent activity. For internal administrative purposes, data may be processed by companies belonging to MEGAVISION Srl.
d) Based on your consent.
We will perform the following processings only with your express consent:
Marketing activities and public opinion polling and market research;
Analysis of your browsing and consumption habits in the use of your giarre.com profile, in order to customize your experience on our Site.
The provision of your personal data for these activities is completely optional. You are free to provide us with your data for these purposes, but without it, it will not be possible for MEGAVISION Srl to perform marketing activities, opinion polls and market research, and to analyze your habits.
Who will process your data?
Your personal data will be processed by MEGAVISION Srl internal staff specifically trained and authorized for this purpose.
Your personal data will also be transmitted to third parties that we use to provide our services; these subjects have been adequately selected and offer a guarantee of compliance with the rules on the processing of personal data. These persons have been appointed as data controllers and carry out their activities according to the instructions given by MEGAVISION Srl and under its control.
The third parties in question belong to the following categories: banking operators, Internet providers, companies specialized in IT and telematic services; couriers; companies that carry out marketing activities; companies specialized in market research and data processing.
Your data may be transmitted to police and judicial and administrative authorities, in accordance with the law, for the detection and prosecution of crimes, the prevention and protection from threats to public security, to allow MEGAVISION Srl to ascertain, exercise or defend a right in court, as well as for other reasons related to the protection of the rights and freedoms of others.
Web push notification
Depending on which device you use, you may receive, upon giving your consent, push notifications regarding our offers, new items, your wish list and your cart.
To deactivate notifications, depending on the platform and/or browser used, follow the steps listed below:
– Desktop: Right-click on notification > disable notifications from www.giarre.com
– Mobile: Access the notification center > Site parameters > Notifications > Block notifications from www.giarre.com
– Common browsers:
Chrome: Settings > Show Advanced Settings > Privacy – Content Settings > Notifications – Manage exceptions > Enter www.giarre.com and select “Block”
Firefox: Options > Content > Notifications – Select > www.giarre.com – “Block”
Safari: Preferences > Notifications > From here select “Deny”
Extra-EU Data Transfer
Some of the third parties listed in the previous paragraph “Who will process your data?” may be located in countries outside the European Union which, nevertheless, offer an adequate level of data protection, as established by specific decisions of the European Commission. (http://www.garanteprivacy.it/home/provvedimenti-normativa/normativa/normativa-comunitaria-e-intenazionale/trasferimento-dei-dati-verso-paesi-terzi#1).
The transfer of your personal data to countries that do not belong to the European Union and that do not ensure adequate levels of protection will be performed only after conclusion between MEGAVISION Srl and said subjects of specific agreements, containing safeguard clauses and appropriate safeguards for the protection of your data personal so-called “standard model clauses”, also approved by the European Commission, or if the transfer is necessary to the conclusion and execution of a contract between you and MEGAVISION Srl (for the purchase of goods offered on our Site, for registration on the Site or the use of services on the Site) or for the management of your requests.
For how long do we keep your data?
We keep your personal data for a limited period of time; depending on the type of activity that involves the processing of your personal data.
After this period, your data will be permanently erased or otherwise rendered anonymous in an irreversible way.
Your personal data is stored in compliance with the terms and criteria specified below:
a) Data collected to conclude and execute contracts for the purchase of goods on giarre.com: until the administrative and accounting formalities have been met. The billing data will be kept for ten years from the date of the invoice;
b) The data of the registered User: The data will be stored until you request cancellation of your profile on giarre.com;
c) Payment data: Until payment certification and the conclusion of its administrative and accounting formalities resulting from the expiration of the right of withdrawal and the terms applied for contesting the payment;
d) Data collected in the context of the use of services offered on giarre.com to the user: these data are retained until the termination of service or cancellation of the subscription to the service by the user;
e) Data related to the requests of the users to our customer service: The useful data to assist you will be kept until the fulfillment of your request;
f) Data used for commercial communication activities towards users who purchase products on giarre.com (soft spam): These data are kept until the termination of service or the exercise of the opposition by cancellation by the user;
g) Data provided for commercial communications activities, opinion polls and market research: Until the request to interrupt the activity and in any case within 2 years from the last interaction of any kind of user with giarre.com;
h) Data used to personalize the Site and to show customized commercial offers: As long as the user does not request the cessation of the activity and in any case within two years from the last interaction of any kind of user with giarre.com;
i) Data used for conducting market research and surveys for the detection of satisfaction: As long as the User does not request the termination of the activity.
In any case, for technical reasons, the termination of the processing and the subsequent cancellation or irreversible anonymisation of the related personal data will be final within thirty days of the terms indicated above.
Your rights
At any time you can exercise the rights with reference to the specific processing of your personal data by MEGAVISION Srl. Find below their general description and how to practice them.
a) Access your data and modify it: you have the right to access your personal data and to request that they be correct, modified or integrated with other information. If you wish, we will provide you with a copy of your data in our possession.
b) Revoke your consent: You can revoke at any time a consent you have given for the processing of your personal data in relation to any activity for marketing purposes. In this regard, we remind you that marketing activities are considered the sending of commercial and promotional communications, the conduct of market research and surveys for the detection of satisfaction for the customization of the Site and commercial offers according to your interests. Upon receipt of your request, we will promptly cease the processing your personal data based on this consent, while different processings or based on other conditions will continue to be carried out in full compliance with the provisions in force.
c) Opposing the processing of your data: You have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interest, explaining the reasons that justify your request; before accepting it, MEGAVISION Srl will have to assess the reasons for your request.
d) Delete your data: In the cases provided for by current legislation you can request the deletion of your personal data. Upon receipt and assessment of your request and, if legitimate, it will be our care to cease timely processing and delete your personal data.
e) Request that the processing of your personal data is temporarily limited: In this case, MEGAVISION Srl will continue to keep your personal data but will not process it, unless it is subject to your different request and the exceptions established by law. You can get the limitation of processing when you dispute the accuracy of your personal data, when the processing is unlawful but you oppose to the deletion of your data, when your data is no longer relevant for anymore but you need to exercise your right in court and when you oppose your processing, in the period in which we evaluate the reasons for your request.
f) Request your data or transfer it to a person other than MEGAVISION Srl (“right to data portability”). You may request to receive your data that we process based on your consent or on the basis of a contract with you in a standard format. If you wish, and where technically possible, we can, upon request, transfer your data directly to a third party of your choice.
In order to exercise some of your rights aforementioned you can access your giarre.com account, or alternatively, you can contact us by calling +39 379 1467150 (WhatsApp) or by writing to our Customer Care and selecting “privacy”, or by writing to the address of the Data Controller aforementioned.
In order to ensure that the data of our users is not infringed or illegitimately used by third parties, we will request you for some information to be sure of your identity before accepting your request to exercise one of the rights indicated.
Security measures
We protect your personal data with specific technical and organizational security measures, aimed at preventing your personal data from being used illegitimately or fraudulently. In particular, we use security measures that guarantee: the pseudonymisation or the encryption of your data; the confidentiality, integrity, availability of your data as well as the resilience of the systems and services that process them; the ability to restore data in the event of a data breach. Furthermore, MEGAVISION Srl undertakes to test, verify and regularly evaluate the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures in order to guarantee the continuous improvement in the safety of processings.
Claims
If you believe that the processing of your personal data has been unlawfully done, you can file a complaint with the competent authority regarding the protection of personal data in your country. We also inform you that, according to the European legislation to which the Data Processor of Italy is subject, you can also contact the Italian Data Protection Authority. Further information on how to file a claim is available on the site of the Italian Data Protection Authority, at http://www.garanteprivacy.it.
Changes to the present policy
The constant evolution of our services may involve changes in the characteristics of the processing of your personal data described up to now. Consequently, this privacy notice may be subject to changes and additions over time, which may also be necessary with regard to new regulatory measures regarding the protection of personal data.
We request of you, therefore, to periodically check the contents: where possible, we will try to inform you promptly about the changes made and their consequences
The updated version of the privacy notice, in any case, will be published on this page, with indication of the date of its last update.
Legislative references and useful links
The processing of your personal data is performed by MEGAVISION Srl, in full compliance with the regulations on the subject provided for by Regulation (EU) 2016/679 general regulation on data protection, the rules on the processing of Italian personal data and the provisions of the Supervisory Authority Italian (http://www.garanteprivacy.it).
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
We use cookies on this website. If you continue to use this website you will be agreeing to the website General Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and the use of cookies while using the website. To find out more about cookies and how to change your preferences please see Cookie Policy
Accept