http://www.tcsjerky.com/pages/security-privacy-policy
Security & Privacy Policy
Ordering online with Tillamook Country Smoker is safe and easy.
When you place your order on our secure server, all of your personal information is encrypted before it is transmitted over the Internet.
Most banks either cover all the charges that result from unauthorized use of your credit card or limit your liability to $50, the maximum liability allowed under the Fair Credit Billing Act. You must notify your credit card provider of the unauthorized use in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Our Guarantee and Privacy Statement Tillamook Country Smoker promises to deliver high-quality beef jerky and snack-food products. If you are not satisfied with your order for any reason, please Contact Us immediately. We promise to do everything we can to make things right. We Respect Your Privacy Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed or loaned. Any information you give us will be handled with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. If you have any questions, please feel free to email or call us toll-free at 1 (800) 325-2220.
Cookies
Websites use cookies to simulate a continuous connection to that site. This makes it more convenient for users by allowing them to visit pages within a site without having to reintroduce themselves with each mouse click. Contrary to popular fears and misconceptions, cookies were not created to spy on or otherwise invade the privacy of Internet users. Cookies contain only information that users volunteer, and they do not have the capability of infiltrating a user’s hard drive. The function of a cookie is to help the user navigate a web site with as little inconvenience as possible.
Smoke Signals
Get the first taste of our new flavors, deals on your favorites and all kinds of other good stuff.
Subscribe
You are eligible for free shipping!
Spend
More & Get Free Shipping
You have no items in your cart.
{option.name}: {option.value}