http://www.shbonsai.com/policy.html
Privacy Policy
Guarantee
Warranty
Shipping
Domestic - USA
International
About Plant Shipments
Shipping Damage
Privacy Policy
We at Sleepy Hollow Bonsai are committed to protecting your privacy. For that reason, we will not disclose to any third parties, for any reason, personal information that is submitted through our site.
Back to Top
The SHbonsai "No Hassles" guarantee
Our mission at Sleepy Hollow Bonsai is to provide only the highest quality bonsai material on the market. The product that you receive should be exactly what you expected to receive when you placed your order. For that reason, we offer to you our exclusive 14-day "no hassles" guarantee. If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with a product purchased from our site, simply contact us
for a Return Goods Authorization number. Once the RGA is received, pack the material in the original box, write the RGA number on the outside of the box, and return the package to us. A full product credit will be issued to you once we receive the returned product in it's "new" re-sellable condition. Its that simple!!
Back to Top
The Joshua Roth 3-Year Warranty
Joshua Roth products are warranted for a period of three years after purchase to be free of defects in manufacturing and materials. If you are dissatisfied with any Joshua Roth tools (except saw blades) for any reason except misuse, please return them to us, along with a copy of the sales slip, and we will replace them or honor a full refund, as you wish.
Back to Top
Domestic Shipping - USA
We strive to ship all Domestic orders within 24 hours of order receipt. Our packages are picked-up every morning at 9:00am EST, Monday through Friday, except for holidays observed by the shipping companies. Upon shipment, the date shipped and the shipment tracking number will be sent to you via an email from the shipping company. In the event that a product cannot ship within a 48 hour time period, you will be notified immediately via email or telephone. Our preferred ground shipment carriers are FedEx
and USPS Priority Mail.
Our shipping and handling charge is a flat rate charge. We can typically accomodate any shipping method, however, additional charges may apply to non-standard shipping method requests.
Back to Top
International Shipping
We have the capability to ship supplies globally and prefer to ship using USPS. Please note that we cannot ship live plant material or moss spores outside of the United States. International shipping rates are calculated based upon the actual shipping weight of your order and are calculated by our shopping cart. There are no additional charges added. Please select one of the "International" shipping methods during checkout. An incorrect shipping method selection will delay your order. You, the purchaser, are solely responsible for any and all taxes, duties, clearing costs, or any other costs associated with shipping product outside of the United States.
Back to Top
Plant Shipments - USA
The health of your newly purchased plant material is our primary concern. Our live plant material is guaranteed to arrive in good health. Live plant material is shipped year round except during extreme weather conditions. Although we use warm packs to keep sensitive plant material warm during shipping, there are instances when the weather is simply too cold to ship certain types of plant products, even with package warmers. Normally we will not offer sensitive material,
however, if unexpected cold
is upon us at the time of your order, we will contact you to discuss your shipment. Cold weather plant shipments contain a warmer within the box. Please discard this warmer when unpacking your plant. In the event that you are not happy with the condition of your newly purchased plant, please follow our return policy listed above under our "Guarantee" paragraph.
Back to Top
Damage Claims
Although rare, shipping damage does occur. In the event that your product is damaged during shipping, please contact us immediately. We will work directly with you to identify and replace the damaged item/items and will submit a claim directly to the shipping company. There is no need for you to contact the shipping company, as you would have been inconvenienced enough already.
Back to Top