https://www.barnhaven.com/privacy-policy
€
£
0033 296 356 841
Contact us
Delivery
My Account
Categories
+-
Primroses
Acaulis
Barnhaven Polyanthus
Victorian Polyanthus
Barnhaven Cowichans
Julianas
Irish Primroses
Gold Laced Polyanthus
Enthusiast's Primroses
Double Primroses
European Species
Seed mixtures
+-
Asiatic Primula
Candelabras
Belled Primulas
Primula sieboldii
Other Asiatics
+-
Alpine primula
Border Auriculas
Alpine Auriculas
Double Auriculas
Striped Auriculas
Show Self Auriculas
Show Fancy Auriculas
Show Edged auriculas
Auricula seeds
Primula marginata and hybrids
Primula allionii and hybrids
Other Hybrids
Alpine Species
+-
Hellebores
Hellebore Seeds
Hellebore Plants
+-
Gift ideas
Gift Vouchers
Publications
Plant collections
+-
About Barnhaven
Our Seeds & PlantsHistoryAwardsWhat people say Visiting our nurseryPlant fairsPress review
+-
Culture
SowingGrowingDividingPests & diseasesFurther reading
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here at Barnhaven, we respect the privacy of our users and we are committed to protecting it. We assure the protection, confidentiality and security of your personal data by having
in place the technical and organisational measures legally required for the processing of personal data.
This privacy policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you use our website and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. This Privacy Policy applies to the data collected by us, through information you enter or from the imported data from authorized and approved sources.
By using or accessing our website in any manner, you acknowledge and accept the practices and policies described in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we may collect, use, and share your information as described herein. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you can choose not to use our Website or our Services.
When we collect your personal data
Your personal information may be collected when you:
browse our website (through use of cookies)
create an account on our website
enter products into the shopping basket
buy our products on-line
sign up for our newsletter
contact customer services by any means of communication (email, contact form etc. )
write a review or leave a comment on our site
share a review via social media (Facebook, Twitter) linked to a product review form
fill in a online form on our website
What personal information we collect about you
Information that is necessary for us to provide the service required.The information fields that are strictly necessary to provide the service you require are indicated with an asterisk. They generally concern the following personal data: name, address, email address and mobile phone or landline number.
Information for marketing purposes.We collect your personal data when you buy our products. We collect data concerning the amount and the type of products you buy, information related to your order, your bills and the way you used our website (your customer journey).
We may collect location data to ensure you are shown the correct postal charges for your country.
What information we do not collect : In accordance with regulations in place, we do not collect or treat sensitive data
(racial or ethnic origins, political opinions, religious beliefs or beliefs of any other nature etc...).
Newsletters
An email address is required. Any personal data collected is intended for the sole use of Barnhaven who is responsible for the processing of the data.
This data is used for direct marketing, statistics and market analysis so as to provide users with offers adapted to their needs.
How we use your data
To fulfil your order i.e taking payment, updating you regarding the status of your order and shipping the order to you, arranging returned products.
To be able to communicate with you regarding your order, shipping or billing information and dealing with queries or complaints related to your order.
To sign you up to receive our newsletters (you consent to receiving our newsletters by opting in when you place an order or when you fill in an on-line sign up form and may opt out at any time by unsubscribing).
To send you promotional offers on products that might interest you.
To analyse customer spend on our website in order to enhance customer experience by offering new types of products, promotional offers or improving our website.
To prevent fraud - mainly in connection with bank card fraud. Barnhaven reserves the right to check the personal information supplied by the client and to ensure that the bank account belongs to the person making the payment. These checks may take the form of proof of ID or address. If we do not receive a response from the customer Barnhaven reserves the right to cancel the order.
Any other use of your personal information will be communicated to you.
Who has access to your data
Only Barnhaven personnel may access your data, if it is necessary to carry out a commercial action.
Your personal data may be shared with other service providers who may use your personal data solely for services requested by Barnhaven such as the delivery service that ensure the shipping or return of your goods. These may also be on-line service providers such as the on-line banking provider, and promotional email service providers.
These services are provided under contract with Barnhaven. We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party. If the service provider operates outside of the European Union we ensure that personnel information and rights are respected in accordance with the clauses on data protection provided by the European Commission.
Where is your personal data stored
Your personal data is stored in accordance with French and European legislation.
How long is your data stored
The storage of your personal information is made in accordance with CNIL (National information science and liberties commission) or legal obligations.
Category of personal information
Rules of active conservation
Information from your client account
5 years from the end of the relation with the client. After this time the data will be rendered anonymous
Copy of ID sent for purposes of access to deleting or modifying personal identification
1 year after receipt of document
Statistics
38 months for Google analytics. After this deadline the information will be rendered anonymous
Consumer data (order information, shipping and billing)
10 years from the end of the transaction with the client
Prospects information
3 years from the end of the relation with the customer. After this delay the data will be rendered anonymous
After these deadlines, we may archive certain data for legal and fiscal requirements.
Use of cookies
Cookies are small encrypted text files that are stored on your device by your web browser. They take up very little space on your computer or Smartphone. They enable your browser to memorise information about you so it does not have to keep requesting it, to offer you functions that facilitate your use of a site and which may be necessary to optimize the use of our site.
Different types of cookies
Essential cookies
These cookies (first-party cookies) provide the functionality on our site to allow you to shop. This includes adding products to your wheelbarrow and allowing us to remember what products you’ve added to your wheelbarrow. Without these cookies, you will be unable to use the Barnhaven.com site.
Performance cookies
These cookies (session cookies) allow us to review how you use the Barnhaven.com website, so that we can measure and improve performance. It is in our legitimate business interests to use these types of cookies but you can restrict these at any time. Without these cookies the site may not perform or look as expected.
You can choose which cookies you’d like Barnhaven.com to store on your device by updating your browser settings. Each browser allows you to restrict or block cookies in different ways.
You can:
Personalise your settings so that your browser asks to accept or refuse a cookie each time one is likely to be saved on your browser
Systematically refuse use of all cookies
Some cookies are essential in order to shop with Barnhaven.com and in the event you do reject or delete cookies from your browser this may impair the functionality of the Website meaning that you are unable to shop.
We cannot accept responsibility for any impaired functionalities of our website if this is the case.
How to manage cookies, according to the browser you use.
The configuration of each browser type is different. We invite you to consult the help menu of your browser in order to change your cookie preferences.
For Internet Explorer
For Safari
For Chrome
For Firefox
For Opera
Cookie management module
Barnhaven provides its users with a module which allows its users to refuse the use of cookies on the website. To enable this function, the user may click on the button ‘Personalize’ that appears in the pop-up menu.
Social media plug-ins
Barnhaven.com uses social media plugins such as Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest (see Social Media). Barnhaven does not manage the data collected by the Social Media services and the user may consult the individual social media’s privacy policy to become acquainted with that media’s policies in terms of data collection and what preferences they may modify to protect their personal data. If the user does not want the social media to collect information via Barnhaven’s website, they should sign out of their account with the social media, before browsing Barnhaven’s website.
Your rights over your information
In order for you to control the use of your personal data, you benefit from the following rights:
The right to object to Barnhaven collecting or using your personal information
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to change the information
The right to portability of your information (moving or transferring your information)
The right to restrict the use of your information
The right to delete, communicate or keep your personal information after death
To contact us concerning your rights, you may:
Email us at info@barnahven.com or through our contact form with a copy of an identity document
Write to us with a copy of your ID to:
Barnhaven Primroses
Keranguiner
22310, Plestin-les-grèves
France
We will ensure a reply reaches you within the earliest possible delay and at the latest within a month of your request.
Links
My accountDeliveryTerms and conditionsPrivacy PolicyContact us
Secured payment
Sign up for news from Barnhaven
Email Address
Privacy Policy
Photos Lawson & Jason Ingram Photography - web Design : Daniel Lawson