http://www.md-logic.net/policies/privacy-policy
Shop All
Shop All
Women's Supplements
Stress Management
Women's Supplements
Sports
Skin Health
Men's Supplements
Joint & Muscle Health
Immune Support
Heart Health
Healthy Aging
Digestion
Cognitive Health
Featured Product
Holiday Season "On the Go" Bundle
No reviews
Add to Cart
Immune Support
Immune Support
Latest Additions
Special Holiday Gift Bundles
Hot
Special Holiday Gift Bundles
All Sale
Blog
0
Privacy policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for MDLogicHealth.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information.
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
Someone recently bought a
[time] ago, from [location]
Close
Customer Login:
You have successfully subscribed! Use code: NEWMEMBER at checkout!
SAVE UP To 40% ON OUR GIFT BUNDLES!
Sign up for exclusive updates on latest arrivals & insider-only sales.
No, I don't like discounts!
ico-collapse
0
Recently Viewed
Sorry, there are no products.
ic-cross-line-top
Top
ic-expand
ic-cross-line-top
ic-close-circle
Shopping Cart
0
Product
Free shipping on order $50
Mid-season sale up to 70% off.
Show now
Free shipping, 30 Days Returns and 2 year Warranty
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Total$0.00
Check Out
View Cart