http://www.chilhowee.net/privacy.html
Order by Phone 877-223-1602 | Free Newsletter
About Us |
Customer Care |
Contact Us |
Shopping Cart |
Customer Reviews
Home
Apparel
LeatherAccessories
Products forHarley-Davidson
Products forMetric Cruisers
Clearance
Custom Motorcycle Leather
Biker Whips
Engine Guard Chaps
Lever Covers
Motorcycle Fringe Kits
Motorcycle Gifts
Tank Bras
Motorcycle Saddlebags
Saddlebags for Harley
Saddlebags for Honda
Saddlebags for Indian
Saddlebags for Kawasaki
Saddlebags for Suzuki
Saddlebags for Victory
Saddlebags for Yamaha
Bolt-On Saddlebags
Throw-Over Saddlebags
Easy Brackets
Motorcycle Jackets
Men's Motorcycle Jackets
Women's Motorcycle Jackets
Motorcycle Gloves
Men's Summer Riding
Women's Summer Riding
Men's Winter Riding
Women's Winter Riding
Motorcycle Boots
Men's Motorcycle Boots
Women's Motorcycle Boots
Motorcycle Luggage
Sissybar Bags
Tool Bags
Windshield Bags
Leather Saddlebags
Click here to read our Customer Reviews!
Click for our Free Newsletter
Four wheels move the body. Two wheels move the soul.      ·
Sometimes it takes a whole tank full of fuel before you can think straight.      ·
There are drunk riders. There are old riders. There are NO old, drunk riders.      ·
You don't stop riding because you get old, you get old because you stop riding.      ·
Catching a yellow-jacket in your shirt at seventy miles per hour can double your vocabulary.      ·
If you still have fuel in the tank, you’re not lost yet.      ·
Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you and scorn in the one ahead.      ·
There are two types of people in this world: people who ride motorcycles and those who wish they did.      ·
If you can't get it going with bungee cords and duct tape, it's serious.      ·
Midnight bugs taste best.      ·
Whatever it is, it's better in the wind.
Chilhowee Corporation Privacy Policy
Chilhowee is committed to protecting your customer information in every transaction, at every level of our organization. We take your privacy seriously! Outlined below is our privacy policy for information collected through our website and email lists. If you have questions about these policies, we encourage you to ask us by emailing us.
For five years now, the Chilhowee name has been a trusted symbol of quality, service, and reliability, and we remain dedicated to those principles. You can count on us to provide you with the responsive, professional service you deserve, and to protect your privacy and security along the way.
The Chilhowee Corporation Privacy Policy describes how we protect and use your customer information. We believe that protecting your privacy is an integral part of the customer service we provide. This is the reason why we do not share customer information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you.
At Chilhowee, we value your relationship, and we work diligently every day to honor the trust you place in us. Thank you for doing business with us!
HOW WE PROTECT AND USE CUSTOMER INFORMATION
1. We begin by safeguarding the security and integrity of customer information.
We are committed to protecting the security and integrity of customer information through procedures and technology designed for this purpose. For example:
We limit employee access to customer information to those who have a business reason to know this information. Employees are required to honor our code of conduct, which includes standards to protect customer confidentiality. They are subject to disciplinary action if they fail to do so.
We maintain policies and procedures covering the proper physical security of our retail store, website and all records.
Our physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards meet or exceed federal standards regarding the protection of customer information
We require outside companies (banks, etc.) who work with us to adhere to strict privacy standards through their contracts with us.
We use technological means (such as backup files, virus detection and eradication software, firewalls, and other computer software and hardware) to protect against unauthorized access or alterations to customer data.
2. We collect and maintain customer information as part of providing better service to you and enhancing your relationship with us.
In the course of serving you, we collect only the information you provide to us during the ordering and checkout process.
3. We do not share information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you.
We only disclose the information we collect with the credit card companies and the gateway used to access them
We do not share or otherwise disclose any personal information, including your name, address, telephone, or email addresses with other organizations. Only specific Chilhowee staff and our authorized agents have access to personally identifiable information provided by visitors to our site.
4. Browser information collected on our website:
As with all websites, Chilhowee Corporation analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of our website. We generate and assess a variety of reports that include page views, unique views, unique visitors, repeat visitors, frequency of visits, and peak-volume traffic periods. We do not use this service to gather, request, record, collect, or track any Internet users' personally identifiable information.
5. Personalization of Content:
We use cookies on our site to personalize and customize the experience of our visitors and to support some necessary functions, like our shopping cart and checkout process. We also use cookies to better understand how our visitors use our site. You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. For more information on how to modify your browser settings to block or filter cookies, see http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/.
However, please note that if you reject some or all cookies, your experience on this and on other sites throughout the Internet may not be complete. In addition, if you do not allow cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of personalized content delivery offered by other Internet sites or by us.
6. Privacy of our email lists:
Chilhowee Corporation maintains an email list for our Newsletter. Individuals must opt in to request to join our mailing lists. We do not share the email addresses on our lists with anyone outside of Chilhowee staff. We configure our list server software to refuse to divulge the email addresses of our list subscribers to anyone but authorized Chilhowee staff. Only Chilhowee staff and our authorized agents have access to personally identifiable information provided by visitors to our site.
7. Children's privacy:
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying FTC regulation establish United States federal law that protects the privacy of children using the Internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect personal information from children under 13. Our site is not intended to solicit information of any kind from children under 13 years old, and we have designed our sites to block our knowing acceptance of information from children under 13 whenever age-related information is requested. It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under 13 years old. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the notification, we will immediately obtain parental consent or otherwise delete the information from our servers. If you want to notify us of our receipt of information by children under 13, please do so by emailing us at customercare@chilhowee.net.
8. Security:
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving financial data from our site. In addition, we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss or misuse of information at our site that we have collected from you.
View Cart |
Checkout |
My Account |
Contact Us |
About Us |
Ironclad Guarantee
Customer Reviews |
FAQuestions |
Free Newsletter |
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy
Chilhowee Motorcycle Leather • Sales & Service 877-223-1602
• customercare@chilhowee.net
© Copyright 2001-2020 Chilhowee Motorcycle Leather