https://www.santa-letters.net/santaletters-privacypolicy.phtml
Click Here To Bookmark Us For Next Year
/ Netscape Users - Ctrl+D /
Low Priced Gift
Customize and mail a letter from Santa Claus to your child TODAY! Postmarked from the North Pole*, on official Santa Claus stationery, Santa will be sure to send his greetings to your little one before the big day! Add an official "Good Boys and Girls" certificate from Santa certifying that your little one has made the list this year!
100% Money Back Guarantee
We use only the highest quality paper, envelopes, postcards, and seals.
Simple And Secure Ordering
1. Select the number of cards you need.
2. Enter the personalization information for each person.
3. Enter your billing address and credit card information through our secure online credit card processor.
4. Make that special little ones Christmas even more exciting, with a letter from Santa!
Keepsake
Bring a special kind of excitement to your child's Christmas holiday with a personalized Santa Letter, signed by Santa Claus himself. Makes a great keepsake.
Santa-Letters.net Privacy Policy
PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. SANTA-LETTERS.NET IS AVAILABE ONLY TO ADULTS 18 AND OVER AND WHO ARE AUTHORIZED TO SUBMIT INFORMATION TO THE SITE FOR THE SOLE PURPOSE OF PURCHASING SANTA LETTERS FOR FRIENDS AND/OR FAMILY. NO ONE UNDER 18 IS ALLOWED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES TO SUBMIT INFORMATION TO THE SITE.
Thank you for choosing Santa-Letters.net ("Santa-Letters.net," "we" or "us") at www.santa-letters.net (the "Website" or "Service"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") covers Santa-Letters.net's treatment of personally identifiable information that we collect when you are on the Website and when you use the Service. It is important that visitors are fully informed about the use of their personal information. All visitors to our Website may accesss selected portions of the Website without entering any personal information.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING CONTAINED HEREIN TO THE CONTRARY, WE DO NOT SHARE AND/OR CONTINUE TO USE THE INFORMATION THAT YOU SUBMIT WITH RESPECT TO INTENDED "SANTA" LETTER RECIPIENTS, OTHER THAN TO SEND SUCH INTENDED RECIPIENTS THEIR "SANTA" LETTERS. THIS RECIPIENT-SPECIFIC INFORMATION IS RETAINED IN A SECURE, PASSWORD PROTECTED DATABASE.
General information collection and use
AGGREGATE: We gather our customer's server, IP address, and browser-type related information in the general administration of our Website. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage or other characteristics of Santa-Letters.net customers as a group without disclosing personally identifiable information.
LINKS: This Website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that Santa-Letters.net is not responsible for the privacy practices of other third party websites. We encourage visitors to be aware when they leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by this Website.
USE OF COOKIES: A cookie is a piece of data stored on a customer or visitor's hard drive containing information about the respective customer or visitor. Cookies can provide great convenience for our customers and visitors. For instance, by setting a cookie on our Website, a customer would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our Website. Even your payment information can be kept on file and thereafter used to facilitate additional "Santa" letter purchases at the Website. However, even in the case where an existing customer rejects a cookie, he/she may still use our Website. The only drawback to this is that the customer will be limited in what he/she can access in some areas on our Website, much like visitor-level access.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
Security
Santa-Letters.net takes every precaution to protect our customers' information. When a customer submits sensitive personal and payment information via the Website, the information is protected both online and off-line. When our purchase process prompts a customer to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card), the information is encrypted and is protected with industry-standard encryption - SSL technology. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect customer information off-line. Access to customer information is restricted. Only employees who need access to the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. If you have any questions about the security at our Website, please contact us. webmaster@santa-letters.net.
Customers who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from us or our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by following the instructions contained in the applicable e-mail.
Minors
Santa-Letters.net is committed to strict compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. The Website is for use by individuals 18 years of age or older. Individuals under 18 years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their personal information at our Website. Santa-Letters.net does not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under 18 years of age.
Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using this Website, you agree to the Santa-Letters.net Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of this policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the Santa-Letters.net Website or acceptance of e-mails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept such changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe from our services by e-mailing a request to the following address: webmaster@santa-letters.net
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, Santa-Letters.net's privacy practices or your dealings on this Website, please contact us at: webmaster@santa-letters.net.
Information Collection at Santa-Letters.net
To complete a purchase and sale of a personalized Santa letter we must collect personal information such as first and last name, email address, telephone number(s), billing and mailing addresses, billing information (such as credit card information), and names of recipients and mailing address for recipients.
Use of Information Collected by Santa-Letters.net
The information that you submit to Santa-Letters.net remains your property, but by submitting the information to Santa-Letters.net you grant us the right to use such information for filling your order.
To the extent that customer credit card-specific information is collected by Santa-Letters.net and any of its affiliates and/or subsidiaries, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties (other than consumer credit agencies) without your prior informed consent, except to charge you for services purchased at the Website.
Click Here to get started or click on the large image to the top.
*All orders must be placed by Dec 9th, 11pm EST to receive the North Pole postmark.
After this time, Santa Letters can still be purchased but they will not have the North Pole postmark.
Got a question for Santa? Email him at webmaster@santa-letters.net Learn more about us and our privacy policy.
Want to become an affiliate? Click here to learn more about our program and apply!Credits: Custom Web Design | Santa Greetings | Santa Claus Letters | Letters From Santa