https://www.newzealandbeadingsupplies.co.nz/terms-and-conditions/
Product Catalogue
Clearance
Project Collection
Ideas & Inspiration
Login
Register
My Cart
About Us
Contact Us
About Us
Contact Us
Sign In
Register
Cart (0)
Search:
Home
Product Catalogue
Clearance
Project Collection
Ideas & Inspiration
Free Shipping
On all orders over $100
Great Range
1000’s of products
Stay up-to-date
Join our Facebook page
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
New Zealand Beading Supplies provides its goods and services to you subject to the following conditions. By using this website and/or purchasing from this site you agree, understand, and accept these conditions of use. If you have any questions or concerns, please don’t hesitate to contact the us using the online query form found in the Contact Us section, or to email us at info@nzbeadingsupplies.co.nz.
Privacy Notice
Please read our privacy notice for more information about our practices.
Copyright
All content within this web site, included but not limited to text, graphics, images, icons, are the property of New Zealand Beading Supplies Ltd or its content suppliers. Transfer, download, reproduction, copy, republish of all content within this site are strictly prohibited. For more information please visit the Copyright Council of New Zealand (www.copyright.org.nz)
Product Descriptions and Site Content
We try our best to describe our products as accurately as possible, however due to the nature of some of our products, they may not be the EXACT items that are seen in the photo.
Please keep in mind that the items may appear larger or smaller in pictures, so please always check the size or measurement in product descriptions. Due to various computer configurations, colours shown on your monitor may also be different from the actual colour of the products.
If you received any of our products that are faulty or not as described, you can return them in unused, original condition. For more information regarding our returns policy, please check out our “Ordering Info” page.
Product Availability
While we try to maintain an accurate stock level of our products, due to unforeseen circumstances, products you ordered may not be available. In such case, we offer options for refund of the cost of the out of stock items, substitute it for another product (with your consent) or will issue credit for future use.
Loss or Damage of Goods in Transit
All orders are sent tracked via NZ Post or New Zealand Couriers. If an order is not received, a claim will be raised on your behalf and the freight company will contact you for verification. Claims can take up to 6 weeks to process, so please bear this in mind.
All orders are packed with the utmost care and protective packaging to avoid any damage being caused in transit
Discounts and Promotion Offers
Any bulk purchase discounts only apply to single orders, we do not adjust discounts for combined orders.
New Zealand Beading Supplies Ltd reserves the right to alter any discounts and promotion offers anytime without notice.
Taxes and Duties
External links and Electronic Data Transmission
This site contains external links, we are not responsible for any lost, damages, harm caused, as we have no control over the information collection, products and services of such web sites. Unencrypted data or emails transferred from us may be intercepted or modified by other parties, we do not warrant that any data transferred are free of viruses or harmful components. Whilst we do everything in our control to ensure our website is safe and harm free, New Zealand Beading Supplies Ltd are not liable to or responsible for any damages caused by using this web site, you accepted the inherent risk associated with the insecurity of the Internet.