http://www.treefrogfarm.com/privacy-notice/
Search Products:
Search Newsletters:
Home
Products
All Products
Flower Essences and Tree Essences
Body Electric Essence Blends
Chakra Blends
Life Process Blends
Organ Energy Blends
Aromatherapy
Gift Certificates
Newsletters
Specials
About Us
FAQ
What Are Flower Essences?
How Are Flower Essences Used?
When Are Flower Essences Helpful?
FAQ about Tree Frog Farm Essences
Information
Ordering Information
Customer Comments
Articles and Interviews
Useful Links
Privacy Policy
Services
Classes and Workshops at Tree Frog Farm
Calendar of Events
Classes
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Tree Frog Farm Flower Essences
SECURITY AND PRIVACY NOTICES
At Tree Frog Farm, we only collect information that you voluntarily give us via our website, email, phone or other direct contact from you. We store your customer personally identifiable information for our use only. We never share, rent, sell or trade your information to others. Only employees who need the information to process your orders or handle customer service are granted access to your personally identifiable information.
What personal information do we collect when you place an order on our website?
Online ordering requires that you provide your email, name, billing address, shipping address and phone number. You may update your information at any time. This information is necessary to set up an account, order with that account or to order as a guest.
How do we use your information?
The first time you order, we will begin the process of adding your email and name to our secure e-newsletter list in iContact. If you confirm your subscription you will receive our e-newsletter and occasionally additional information. You may unsubscribe any time. If you do not confirm, you will not be added to our email e-newsletter list and will not receive information about product specials and other offers.
We use your phone number only to address problems with your orders or to respond to your direct requests or questions.
To obtain your account information.
Call or email us to obtain your account information that we have stored in our website and accounting systems.
Customer Reviews
If you make a review for a product on our website, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge or permission. For this reason, we recommend you do not post personally identifiable information about yourself or others.
Is the Tree Frog Farm website secure?
We use HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure (https). Even though our website is secure, we do not store your credit card information on our website. Instead at checkout you are transferred to PayPal or to eProcessing Network who securely processes credit card transactions for thousands of small businesses.
Cookies – What are they and How do we use them?
We use “cookies” on our website. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer. They help us improve your access to our site and gather information about how you move around and use our website. The only personal information we receive is what you voluntarily provide us when you order. We do not use cookies to gather any other information from your browser or computer. The data we collect is for your benefit and is used only to provide you with the services that you requested.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 360-758-7260 or via email. (link to info@nulltreefrogfarm.com.
Your Shopping Basket
Find a Flower Essence
By Qualities
By Symptoms
By Physical Correlation
Get Subscriber Discounts!
Sign up to receive news, events, and special discounts for Tree Frog Farm by email!
Subscribe by Email
Free Shipping
Get Free Shipping on orders over $50 in the U.S.
Cheaper by the Dozen!
Buy 11, Get One FREE!
12 Flower Essences for $142.45 (a $12.95 savings!)
Order 12 or more 1/2 oz. Individual Flower or Tree Essences. When you check out, your shopping cart will automatically show one credit.
(Offer does not include 1/2 oz or 1 oz Essence Blends or Aromatherapy Misters.)
Start shopping!
© 2008- 2020 Tree Frog Farm. All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy | SITEMAP | Contact Us
Lummi Island, WA USA • (360) 758-7260
Designed by Turtle Island Web Design
Shopping basket icon designed by Goran Babic