https://www.thebetterhealthstore.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms &
Conditions
Privacy and Security Is my credit card information secure when I order from thebetterhealthstore.com? If I don't want to give my credit card information online, are there other ways to order? What is your privacy policy ? Thebetterhealthstore.com Web Site Privacy Statement Optional Phone Ordering. Opt-Out. Delete/Deactivate. Change/Modify. When You Send Email to our Customer Service Department. Contacting the Web Site.
Products What ways can I search for a product on your site? I see that you sell many different brands of vitamins and supplements. Which brand is right for me? How can I view the Supplement Facts or Nutrition Facts for an item? I'm concerned about the ingredients in my food. What chemicals are banned from your store?
Ordering & Payment I have the UPC item number of the product I'd like to purchase. How do I order it? I want to order a product, but you do not seem to carry it. Is there a way you can start carrying it? Do your probiotic products ship refrigerated? What is the guarantee on products I buy from your site? I would like to place an order over the phone. How can I do that? How do I use the Shopping Cart? I just placed an order, and I forgot to add some items. Can I add the items to my already-placed order? I just placed an order, and would like to remove items or cancel the order. Can this be done? I just placed an order and would like to change the address I used for shipping. Can I do this? I am placing an order, but one or more of the items is on backorder. When will I receive my order? Do you offer special order items? How can I track my order? Is there tax charged on my order? What forms of payment do you accept? I order the same products each time. Can I reorder from past purchase history? Can I view orders I've placed in the past? If I already know the item numbers of the products I want, is there a fast way to order? When is my credit card charged for the order I've placed? What is a pre-authorization of my credit card for the order I've placed?
Shipping & Delivery What are theBetterHealthstore.com's domestic shipping policies and options? When will my order ship? Can I get my order faster? What is the shipping time for special order items? I am placing an order, but one or more of the items is on backorder. When will I receive my order? Can I ship to an address other than my own? Do your probiotic products ship refrigerated?
Pricing What currency are your prices in? How often do prices on the website change? When is the price of an item confirmed? Do you offer bulk discounts? Do you offer post-order price matching? Do you price match with other retailers?
Accounts Do I need to set up an account to shop at thebetterhealthstore.com? I've forgotten the password for my account. What should I do? I have changed my address, email address and/or credit card. How do I update my account information?
Returns & Problems with Your Order What is your return policy? How do I return an item? I received my order, but an item is missing. What should I do? My order arrived, but contains a damaged product. What do I do? I received my product a week ago, but I do not like it. I live in the U.S. Can I return it? When will I receive my credit?
Customer Care How do I contact Customer Care?
Privacy & Security
Is my credit card information secure when I order from thebetterhealthstore.com?
We are a Verisign Secure Site, which means your confidential information is also protected.
We want you to feel confident and comfortable that your purchase is transacted with the utmost security. We employ the Internet's strongest security technologies, the Verisign Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). The transactions are protected by the highest levels of encryption available to ensure security and privacy. The information is encrypted on your computer, sent through the Internet as jumbled code, and decoded on thebetterhealthstore.com's secure server. It cannot be read in transit.
If I don't want to give my credit card information online, are there other ways to order?
If you are hesitant about placing your order online, you may place your order over the phone by calling our Customer Service Center at 1-(877) 876-8247.
What is your privacy policy?
thebetterhealthstore.com cares about the privacy of our customers. Please read our entire Privacy Policy.
Thebetterhealthstore.com Web Site Privacy Statement
At thebetterhealthstore.com we protect your privacy as if it were our own. We use the information you provide to us for these purposes only: to process your order(s), to reply to your questions, provide our newsletter via email, and to incorporate your feedback into improvements to our Web site. We will not give, sell, or rent your personal information, including email address, or specific account activity to anyone for any reason.
Optional Phone Ordering.
If you are still skeptical about placing your order online, you may place your order over the phone at 1-(877) 876-8247 or via fax at 1-(248)-735-0677 during customer service hours: Monday through Friday from 9am-6pm EST.
When you subscribe to our newsletters, thebetterhealthstore.com, Inc. asks you for contact information (your name and email address). When you sign up for our newsletters we use your name and email address to send you our health newsletters and to inform you of sales and special offers.
If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial information (such as your credit card numbers for purchases). Contact information from the order form (email address, name, billing and shipping address, and phone number) is used to send orders and information about our company to you. Your contact information, including email address, is also used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. And yes, you can opt not to get email from us, as described in the opt-out section below. The credit card information we collect is used to bill you for products you purchase. For your convenience, your information including credit card and order history is stored on a secure server that allows you to reorder by entering your email address and password. You will automatically be registered to receive our newsletter unless you opt-out at the time of purchase. You may opt-out at any later time by following the unsubscribe instructions in the newsletter or sending an email to our Customer Service Team with the word UNSUBSCRIBE followed by your email address in the subject of the email (example: UNSUBSCRIBE youremail@emailaddress.com).
Opt-Out.
If you decide that you would like to opt-out from receiving newsletters from us, our emails provide you with the opportunity to stop receiving these communications. Simply click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email. You may also opt-out by sending an email to Customer Service. Simply type in the word "unsubscribe" followed by your email address in the subject line of the email (example: UNSUBSCRIBE youremail@emailaddress.com). Please note: You will continue to receive transactional-related emails (such as order confirmations) whenever you place an order.
Delete/Deactivate.
This site gives you the following options for removing your information, including email address, from our database, to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service.
1. You can send email to Customer Support. 2. You can send mail to the following postal address:       thebetterhealthstore.com        42875 Grand River Ave. Novi, MI 48375 3. You can call the following telephone number:        1-(877) 876-8247
Change/Modify.
Our site provides you the opportunity to correct or update your account information, including email address. You can do this by:
1. Accessing the "My Account" page and clicking on       the " Edit your profile" link. 2. Send mail to the following postal address:       thebetterhealthstore.com        42875 Grand River Ave. Novi, MI 48375 3. You can call the following telephone number:        1-(877) 876-8247
When You Send Email to our Customer Service Department.
We provide email links on our "Contact Us" page that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to every one. The information you send us is used to respond directly to your questions and comments.
Contacting the Web Site.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Customer Service
thebetterhealthstore.com  42875 Grand River Ave. Novi, MI 48375 Phone: 1-877-876-8247 Fax: 1-248-735-0677
Products
What ways can I search for a product on your site?
Search:  Use our search engine to find a specific product.
Browse:  Use our browsing tool to help you narrow down your search by product, brand name, category, or health concern. The menu will direct you towards the item or information you are looking for.
Call Us:  1- (877) 876-8247 Our Customer Service Center will assist you in finding the product you are looking for and take your order over the phone or help you order on-line.
I see that you sell many different brands of vitamins and supplements. Which brand is right for me?
Everyone's taste is different. The brand that you use is your preference. We carry brands that we believe in.
How can I view the Supplement Facts or Nutrition Facts for an item?
Most of the products on our site have detailed Supplement Facts or Nutrition Facts available. Click on the item link page to view.
I'm concerned about the ingredients in my food. What chemicals are banned from your store?
CLICK HERE for a list of unacceptable ingredients for the food products we sell.
Order & Payment
I have the UPC item number of the product I'd like to purchase. How do I order it?
Type the 10 digit item number in our search engine to find the item and then add it to your basket.
I want to order a product, but you do not seem to carry it. Is there a way you can start carrying it?
We love to hear your product recommendations and requests. Click on Contact Us page and fill in the appropriate information. That request goes to our purchasing department for review, and possible ordering.
Do your probiotic products ship refrigerated?
No, they do not. We keep our products in a temperature controlled environment in our warehouse, but they are not refrigerated.
What is the guarantee on products I buy from your site?
Every item we offer reflects our commitment to give you the best quality, service and value. If not satisfied with your purchases for any reason, simply return the unused portion with a copy of the invoice within 30 days from date of purchase for a prompt refund or credit, less shipping.
*Note on Product Availability*
Pricing and product availability are subject to change without notice. thebetterhealthstore.com is not responsible for typographical errors or misprints.
I would like to place an order over the phone. How can I do that?
You can place an order over the phone by calling 1- (877) 876-8247, Mon – Fri 9:00 to 6:00 E.S.T.
How do I use the Shopping Cart?
Adding Items to the Shopping Cart: To add any item to your shopping cart, just click on the "Add to Cart" or "Add to Basket" button when displayed next to a product. If you should change your mind as you shop, you can always remove an item later during the checkout process.
Changing Quantities: If you wish to change the quantity of any item(s) in your shopping cart, just type the new quantity in the quantity field for that product and click on "Update Subtotal". You must click on "Update Subtotal" in order for the information to be saved.
Checking Out: When you have finished shopping and have placed each item in your shopping cart, click on "TBHS/Checkout" or Google/Checkout" to send us your order. You'll then be prompted to enter your email and a password, billing and shipping addresses and credit card information. We'll receive your order immediately and will send you a confirmation email. It's that easy!
I just placed an order, and I forgot to add some items. Can I add the items to my already-placed order?
Yes, but with the understanding that your card will be authorized again. By adding additional items onto your order, we would have to authorize your credit card a second time for the full amount, so we do not do that unless approved by you. And you must do this over the phone by calling 1- (877) 876-8247.
I just placed an order, and would like to remove items or cancel the order. Can this be done?
Yes, you may remove items or cancel your order prior to your order being processed.
I just placed an order and would like to change the address I used for shipping. Can I do this?
Yes, contact our Customer Service team prior to your order being processed.
I am placing an order, but one or more of the items is on backorder. When will I receive my order?
If any of your items are on backorder, we will hold the entire order if we anticipate receiving all items in the next 2-3 business days. However, if the missing items are anticipated to arrive later we'll split your order, so that the in stock items will ship automatically, and then the backorder item/items will ship when they come in. Be aware, that you will not be charged shipping charges on the backorder item(s).
Do you offer special order items?
Yes please contact our customer service team. As an additional service to our customers and to help you find the right products for all of your needs, we are pleased to offer special order items. These items are not typically stocked in one of our warehouses and are only ordered when requested by a customer. Also, since we only order these products when they are requested, additional time is needed for processing and shipping. Special order items are not eligible for expedited shipping and are shipped via our standard shipping option and usually ship to the customer within 7-14 business days.
How can I track my order?
You can check on the status of your order at your "Order Status" page.
You will receive a shipping confirmation email once your order has shipped. This email will provide you with the shipping confirmation numbers necessary to locate your order.
If you did not provide us with an email address, please keep your Order Confirmation number readily available from time of purchase. Our Customer Service Center will be able to track your package for you. Just call 1-(877) 876-8247.
Is there tax charged on my order?
Michigan residents are subject to a sales tax on personal care products, aromatherapy, household, pet products, appliances and books.
Canadian residents are subject to a PST/GST tax.
What forms of payment do you accept?
We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover. You may also pay by check or money order when placing your order by mail. If ordering directly from our website, you can also use Google Checkout.
I order the same products each time. Can I reorder from past purchase history?
Yes! Go to the "My Account" page and select "Prior Purchases" Retreive a list of products you have ordered from theBetterHealthStore in the past. You can add an item from this list into your current shopping basket with the click of a button. Very convenient for reordering!
Can I view orders I've placed in the past?
Yes. Click on the My Account option at the very top of the home page. Log in using your email address and password. You'll then be able to view your order history.
If I already know the item numbers of the products I want, is there a fast way to order?
Type the 10 digit item number in our search engine to find the item and then add it to your basket.
When is my credit card charged for the order I've placed?
We do not charge your credit or debit card for any items until your order has shipped. We do pre-authorize your card for the total amount of your order when you place your order.
What is a pre-authorization of my credit card for the order I've placed?
Pre-authorization of your credit card is technically a "hold" on your credit card credit line for the amount of your purchase, but not completely processed. When we actually ship your order the charge process, the pre-authorization amount will be replaced by an actual charge debited from your card.
Shipping & Delivery
What are theBetterHealthstore.com's domestic shipping policies and options?
Shipping & handling is FREE! For Continental U.S. orders over $69.00
Shipping & handling is just $5.99 for Continental U.S. orders under $69.00
Shipment Option
Processing Time
Delivery Time
Shipping Cost
Standard  (for orders over $69)
0-1 day M-F
1-7 business days
FREE
Standard Shipping  (for orders less than $69)
0-1 day M-F
1-7 business days
$5.99
FedEx Ground Shipping
0-1 day M-F
1-5 business days
$8.99
FedEx 2 Day**
0-1 day M-F
Guaranteed  2 Business Days
$16.99
FedEx 1 Day**
0-1 day M-F
Guaranteed  1 Business Day
$31.99
STANDARD SHIPPING  • $5.99 for Continental U.S. orders under $69.00  • BASED ON TIME OF TRANSIT AND COST;        1. FEDEX HOME DELIVERY        2. FEDEX SMART POST 3. USPS PRIORITY MAIL
FEDEX HOME DELIVERY  • 1-5 business days within the contiguous U.S.  • Service Day - Tuesday thru Saturday.  • $8.99 for Continental U.S. orders under $69.00
* This map applies to packages shipped by FedEx Ground only.
FEDEX 2DAY  • 2 Business Days only available in the Continental U.S.  • By 4:30 p.m. in 2 business days to most areas (by 7p.m. to residences).  • Service Day - Monday thru Friday. Does not include weekend delivery (Saturday & Sunday)  • Not available for PO Boxes  • $16.99 for packages UNDER 5 lbs. The packaged weight must be 5lbs. or less to qualify for FedEx 2nd Day Air at our published rate of $16.99. You will be contacted by phone or email for further instructions if during the processing of your order your package exceeds this weight limit.  • All items MUST BE IN STOCK at time of order.  • Delivery may require a signature.  • Not available for Post Office Boxes  • The FedEx 2nd Day Air option does not expedite the processing of your order; it only reduces the amount of travel time once your package leaves our warehouse facility.  • We guarantee your chocolate and heat sensitive items to arrive intact only if you choose FedEx 2nd Day Air or FedEx Standard Overnight, or live in the FedEx Home Delivery two day shipping zone.
FEDEX STANDARD OVERNIGHT  • Next-business-day delivery by 3 p.m. to most U.S. addresses; by 4:30 p.m. to rural areas. • Service Day - Monday thru Friday.  • Not available for PO Boxes  • $31.99 for packages UNDER 5 lbs.  • All items MUST BE IN STOCK at time of order.  • Delivery may require a signature.  • The FedEx Standard Overnight option does not expedite the processing of your order; it only reduces the amount of travel time once your package leaves our warehouse facility.  • We guarantee your chocolate and heat sensitive items to arrive intact only if you choose FedEx 2nd Day Air or FedEx Standard Overnight, or live in the FedEx Home Delivery two day shipping zone.
Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, APO & FPO  • USPS Priority Mail  • Shipping Cost: $10.99 flat rate.
Canadian Orders  • Canadian orders $10.99 flat rate plus taxes  • All Canadian orders are now subject to a $10.00 brokerage fee. • FedEx International Ground  • Delivery typically in 2-7 business days  • Service Days: Monday–Friday. Delivery is by the end of the business day.
Note: Orders being shipped to FPO, APO and P.O. Boxes are delivered via USPS, regardless of weight.
When will my order ship?
Orders placed Monday-Friday usually ship within 24 hours. Orders placed on Saturdays and Sundays will ship on Monday.
Can I get my order faster?
You can chose Fedex 2-day, 1-day, or Fedex Ground to get your order faster. You will be responsible for the extra charges.
What is the shipping time for special order items?
As an additional service to our customers and to help you find the right products for all of your needs, we are pleased to offer special order items. These items are not typically stocked in one of our warehouses and are only ordered when requested by a customer. Also, since we only order these products when they are requested, additional time is needed for processing and shipping. Special order items are not eligible for expedited shipping and are shipped via our standard shipping option and usually ship to the customer within 7-14 business days.
I am placing an order, but one or more of the items is on backorder. When will I receive my order?
If any of your items are on backorder, we will hold the entire order if we anticipate receiving all items in the next 2-3 business days. However, if the missing items are anticipated to arrive later we'll split your order, so that the in stock items will ship automatically, and then the backorder item/items will ship when they come in. Be aware, that you will not be charged shipping charges on the backorder item(s).
Can I ship to an address other than my own?
Yes, you can. If ordering online, you will have the option of entering a separate shipping address. If ordering over the phone, you can just let the customer service associate know that you want to ship your order somewhere else.
Do your probiotic products ship refrigerated?
No, they do not. We keep our products in a temperature controlled environment in our warehouse, but they are not refrigerated.
Pricing
What currency are your prices in?
All prices are in U.S. dollars.
How often do prices on the website change?
Pricing and product availability are subject to change without notice. thebetterhealthstore.com is not responsible for typographical errors or misprints.
When is the price of an item confirmed?
Items in your Shopping Cart will always reflect the most recent price displayed on the item's product detail page.
Some discounts on certain products are limited-time offers. The discount we are able to offer for any item is dependent upon its availability. We cannot confirm the final price of an item until we receive your order; however, we do NOT charge your credit card until after your order has shipped.
Do you offer bulk discounts?
We may offer additional discounts on large orders of a single item or on overall large orders of multiple items. Please contact our customer service team.
Do you offer post-order price matching?
We do not offer post-order price matching. The price of an item when your order was shipped was the lowest price we were able to offer at the time.
Do you price match with other retailers?
thebetterhealthstore.com does not price-match with other retailers. We do, however, consistently work toward maintaining competitive prices on everything we carry.
Accounts
Do I need to set up an account to shop at thebetterhealthstore.com?
No you can order without setting up an account.
However, features such a reordering previous purchased items or check your order status online will not be available. You can however contact our Customer Service Team for answers.
I've forgotten the password for my account. What should I do?
Click on My Account. Then click on the "Forgot Your Password" link under Account Settings and follow the directions for receiving a new password instantly via email. Still have questions? Please contact us.
I have changed my address, email address and/or credit card. How do I update my account information?
Click on My Account. Log in using your current email address and password. You'll then be able to change your account information, billing and/or shipping address and email address.
Returns & Problems with your order
What is your return policy?
All of your purchases at thebetterhealthstore are covered by our 30-day unconditional money-back guarantee. Please note: only one opened package of any product is eligible for return. All others of the same product must be in its original factory-sealed container for refund.
How do I return an item?
To return an item, please contact our customer service department toll free at 1--(877) 876-8247 for a Return Authorization Number and return instructions. Please note: You must have a valid Return Authorization Number prior to returning any merchandise.
I received my order, but an item is missing. What should I do?
At thebetterhealthstore.com, we try to ensure that 100% of the orders are complete and perfect. If you are missing at item, we apologize. Please give us a call at 1-(877) 876-8247, or contact us by e-mail, and we will rectify the situation as soon as possible.
My order arrived, but contains a damaged product. What do I do?
Please give us a call at 1-(877) 876-8247, or contact us by e-mail. Please be sure to include your order or invoice number in the e-mail, and explain the situation. Examples of damaged items are broken glass, cracked plastic bottles, safety seal removed or torn off, and bottles leaking. Dented bottles or packages are most often not considered damaged because this does not take away from the safety or potency of the product inside.
I received my product a week ago, but I do not like it. I live in the U.S. Can I return it?
If for any reason you are unhappy with any product you have purchased from us, you may return it for a full refund (less shipping and handling). Only one opened package of any product is eligible for return. All others of the same product must be in a factory sealed container for refund. You are covered by this unconditional money-back guarantee for a full 30 days from your date of purchase. Please e-mail or call our Customer Service Department within 30 days of the shipment date to receive authorization and return instructions. Back to top I returned my product and still haven't received a credit.
When will I receive my credit?
You will see the credit on your credit card approximately 14 days after you send the product back to us.
Customer Care
How do I contact Customer Care?
Call Us: 1-(877) 876-8247 Monday-Friday 9am-6pm EST
Email Us: We pledge a 24-hour response time (Monday through Friday) on your email requests.
Write Us: thebetterhealthstore.com 42875 Grand River Ave. Novi, MI 48375