http://www.brooklynflavors.com/pages/privacy-policy-1
Free Shipping On All Domestic Orders $75+
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
Menu
Cart 0
Home
The Flavors
+
-
The Flavors
About Our Ingredients
Shop Online
+
-
Shop Online
Aromatherapy Line
Featured Products
Product Reviews
Our Brand
+
-
Our Story
Where to Buy
Contact Us
Press
Shipping
+
-
Shipping
Privacy Policy
Customer Service | How To Order
Blog
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.brooklynflavors.com and Brooklyn Flavors, LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Brooklyn Flavors, LLC include www.brooklynflavors.com. The Brooklyn Flavors website is an eCommerce site. By using the Brooklyn Flavors website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Brooklyn Flavors’ products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.  We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Brooklyn Flavors, LLC. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Brooklyn Flavors website.
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC encourages you to review the privacy statements of website you choose to link to from Brooklyn Flavors so that you can understand how those websites collect, use, and share your information.  We, Brooklyn Flavors, LLC are not responsible for the private statements or other content on websites outside of our company website.
Use of your Personal Information
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Brooklyn Flavors, LLC and its affiliates.  We, Brooklyn Flavors, LLC may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of our current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you.  In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.  We may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.  All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Brooklyn Flavors, LLC and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Brooklyn Flavors may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Brooklyn Flavors, LLC in order to determine what Brooklyn Flavors, LLC services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Brooklyn Flavors, LLC to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Brooklyn Flavors, LLC or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Brooklyn Flavors, LLC; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Brooklyn Flavors, LLC or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Brooklyn flavors, LLC website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server.  Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.  Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.  The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.  For example, if you personalize Brooklyn Flavors, LLC pages, or register with Brooklyn Flavors, LLC site or services, a cookie helps Brooklyn Flavors, LLC to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Brooklyn Flavors, LLC website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Brooklyn Flavors, LLC features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.  If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Brooklyn Flavors, LLC services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Verisign
Children Under Thirteen
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen.  If you are under the age of fourteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Brooklyn Flavors, LLC by contacting us here:  Email: Info@brooklynflavors.com
Changes to this Statement
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback.  Brooklyn Flavors,LLC encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Brooklyn Flavors, LLC is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Brooklyn Flavors, LLC welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Brooklyn Flavors, LLC has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Brooklyn Flavors, LLC at:
Email: info@brooklynflavors.com
Telephone: 718-854-7486