https://www.fireworks.co.uk/mobile-store-app-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Mobile Store App Privacy Policy Personal Data: Is collected for the following purposes and using the following services Analytics:
Google Analytics with anonymized IP and Google Tag Manager Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data
Displaying content from external platforms:
Google Fonts Personal Data: Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Google Maps Widget, Vimeo video, YouTube video widget and Wistia widget Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data. Gravatar Personal Data: email address and Usage Data. YouTube video widget without cookies Personal Data: Usage Data.
Heat mapping and session recording:
Hotjar Heat Maps & Recordings Personal Data: Cookies, Usage Data and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties:
MailChimp Widget Personal Data: email address, first name and last name.
Location-based interactions:
Geo-location Personal Data: geographic position.
Social features:
Inviting and suggesting friends Personal Data: various types of Data.
Traffic optimisation and distribution:
CloudFlare Personal Data: Cookies and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Contacting the User:
Contact form Personal Data: address, city, country, date of birth, email address, first name, gender, last name, phone number, User ID, various types of Data, website and ZIP/Postal code. Phone contact Personal Data: phone number. Mailing list or Newsletter Personal Data: email address, first name, gender.
Handling Payments:
Bitpay, PayPal, Sage Pay and Stripe Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Infrastructure Monitoring:
Pingdom Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data. Uptime Robot Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Managing contacts and sending messages:
MailChimp Personal Data: email address.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms:
Facebook Live button and social widgets, Google+ +1 button and social widgets and Twitter Tweet button and social widgets Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data. YouTube button and social widgets Personal Data: Usage Data.
SPAM Protection:
Akismet Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Google reCAPTCHA Personal Data: Cookies and Usage Data.
BUY FIREWORKS PROFESSIONAL FIREWORK DISPLAYS FIREWORKS SAFETY FAQS
Login