http://www.somisnuthouse.com/policies/
Home / PoliciesPoliciesWe reserve the right to update, change, or modify any product or policy as the company deems necessary without notice. Some items have been finished, painted or powder coated for display. If you have any questions pertaining to our products or policies please call or e-mail us.Privacy Statement Somis Nut House is committed to protecting your privacy and protecting your online shopping experience. Somis Nut House utilizes the information we collect from you to process orders and to ensure the best online shopping experience. When you place an order, Somis Nut House collects your name, address, telephone number, credit card information (orders only), and e-mail address. We use this information to process your request or order and to contact you with any questions about your request or order. The e-mail address that we collect will not be sold or shared with any other companies. On occasion, however, Somis Nut House may e-mail you to notify you of changes in our web site or to notify you of special offers that may be of interest. If you do not want to receive these e-mails please notify us by e-mail stating you wish not to receive e-mails from Somis Nut House. Information sent to Somis Nut House utilizing the contact information page or comment page is used only for correspondence with you regarding the information you sent us. E-mail addresses and other information that is sent utilizing these pages is not used for marketing purposes and is not made available to anyone outside the group the message is intended for. The following principles apply to the personally identifying information we ask for and that you provide. “Personally identifying information” is information that individually identifies you, such as your name, physical address or email address.Data Collection Somis Nut House collects limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit a web site. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your download and in some cases, one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to operate, develop and improve our services. Some of our services require you to register. Somis Nut House asks you for some personal information in order to create an account (typically your name, email address, physical address, and phone number) and we will use that information to provide the service. For certain services, such as our OnLine Shop, we may request credit card or other payment information which we do keep securely stored on our servers. When we require personally identifying information, we will inform you about the types of information we collect and how we use it. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing your personal information with us.Cookies To enhance your experience with our site, some of our web pages use “cookies.” Cookies are small text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, by registering at our site. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our site. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site). We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.Information Sharing We do not rent or sell your personally identifying information to other companies or individuals, unless we have your consent. We may share such information in any of the following limited circumstances:We have your consent. We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the sole purpose of processing personally identifying information on our behalf. When this is done, it is subject to agreements that oblige those parties to process such information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We conclude that we are required by law or have a good faith belief that access, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Somis Nut House, its users or the public.In the event of a transfer of ownership of Somis Nut House (including any publications), such as acquisition by or merger with another company, we will provide notice before any personally identifying information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We may share aggregated information with others. Examples of this include the number of users who downloaded a specific product or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement.Information Security We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personally identifying information for many of our services. You may send an e-mail or letter to the following e-mail or street address requesting access to or correction of your personally identifiable information: Contact Information Somis Nut House 4475 Los Angeles Ave. Somis CA 93066 (805)386-1211 Email Main Office Email WebmasterSecure Shopping & Registration Guarantee The purchase and registration areas of our site (OnLine Shop) are secure. This means that any information you send us is protected by encryption to prevent unauthorized access to your information. The secure site is indicated in the URL with the use of “https://”, and often reflected at the bottom of your browser with a lock or key graphic.Links Any links to external web sites may be developed by people over whom Somis Nut House exercises no control. These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information. Somis Nut House may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed. We use this information to understand and improve the quality of our products and web site. For instance, this data helps us determine how popular a product is and if there is anything we can do to improve on it.Return & Cancellation Policies Accepted orders for Somis Nut House merchandise cannot be cancelled or returned unless merchandise is defective or damaged and purchaser notifies Somis Nut House within 10 days of receipt of shipment by mail at 4475 Los Angeles Ave. Somis, CA 93066 or via facsimile at 805-386-4667. For Return or Cancellation assistance call customer service at 1-800-266-6887. Search for:
Search Product CategoriesCandy (82)Brittles (5)Cordials (1)Dark Chocolate (13)Gummy (6)Holiday (1)Jordan Almonds (2)Licorice (6)Milk Chocolate (18)Mints (4)Miscellaneous Item (3)Old Fashioned Candies (6)Sugar Free (8)Taffy (3)White Chocolate (6)Dried Fruit (39)Apples (1)Apricots (4)Bananas (1)Blueberries (1)Cherries (1)Coconut (2)Cranberries (1)Currants (1)Dates (5)Figs (1)Ginger (1)Mangos (3)Mixed Dried Fruit (2)Papaya (3)Peaches (2)Pears (2)Pineapple (3)Plums (1)Prunes (2)Raisins (2)Gifts (16)Gift Baskets (7)Gift Boxes (9)Nuts (90)Almonds (19)Brazil Nuts (2)Butter Toffee (4)Cashews (7)Corn Nuts (1)Filberts (3)Macadamia Nuts (4)Mixed Nuts (8)Peanuts (15)Pecans (8)Pinenuts (1)Pistachios (9)Walnuts (10)Seeds (16)Flax Seeds (1)Poppy Seeds (1)Pumpkin Seeds (8)Sesame Seeds (1)Sunflower Seeds (5)Snacks (8)Peas (2)Pretzels (1)Snack Sticks (5)Uncategorized (244)