https://www.ukalpaca.com/terms-conditions/
+44 (0)1884 243 579
My Wish List
My account
Create an Account
Sign In
Shopping Bag
UK AlpacaTerms & Conditions
Terms of Use and Copyright
In consideration of UK Alpaca Ltd allowing you to access our website you hereby agree to be bound by the terms of use and if you purchase goods using our website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of sale.
1: This Website contains copyrighted information, the terms of which you agree to observe and follow.
2: The products for sale constitute an invitation to you to make an offer of purchase. The sale contract will only come into being once we accept your offer of purchase. We will inform you if we cannot provide the goods because they are unavailable or if there is likely to be a delay in delivery. In such cases we will not accept your offer of purchase and no sale contract will be in force.
3: Having made an offer of purchase you agree to make payment for the goods, any VAT due and any delivery and postal charges due as laid out in the purchase payment screen. Payment will be made using one of the payment options presented on the purchase payment screen. Purchased items will not be dispatched until UK Alpaca Ltd is confident that payment is successful and cleared funds have arrived.
4: You assume full responsibility for the protection of your computer system including all connected equipment and you will assume the responsibility of ensuring that programmes or other data down loaded or received from our website www.ukalpaca.com are free from viruses and other destructive data.
5: UK Alpaca Ltd takes reasonable steps to ensure that data transmitted electronically to us via this site, and stored by us, is not accessed by unauthorised third parties. You accept the risk that data transmitted electronically to us via this website may be intercepted before reaching us, or accessed from our data storage means by third parties unauthorised by us, and may be exploited unlawfully by such unauthorised third parties. We do not assume responsibility for guarding against the acts of such unauthorised third parties.
6: The privacy policy operated by UK Alpaca Ltd and this website can be found under the separate tab on the website called Privacy & Cookies.
7: Information contained in this website may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical mistakes. Information may be changed or updated without notice and any queries relating to the information should be addressed to UK Alpaca Ltd, Vulscombe Farm, Pennymoor, Tiverton EX16 8NB All information made available within this website is provided for information purposes only and without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties as to non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
8: Unless otherwise stated, UK Alpaca Ltd is the copyright owner for this website and its contents. No part of this website may be published, distributed, extracted, re-utilised or reproduced in any material form (including photocopying or storing it in any medium by electronic means) except in accordance with the permissions set out below. 8a: For personal use you may view our website electronically and save to your personal storage devices or print extracts as needed for your personal use.
8b: You may copy or print extracts for the use of individual third parties in their personal use provided you clearly also print the source acknowledgement UK Alpaca Ltd along with their web address www.ukalpaca.com. All such extracts must be in full and unmodified. You further agree to advise such third parties of these conditions and the need for compliance.
Terms & Conditions of Sale
1: UK Alpaca Ltd reserves the right periodically to update prices on the website. They shall make every effort to ensure prices are correct at the point at which the buyer places an order.
2: UK Alpaca Ltd reserves the right to withdraw any goods from the website shop at any time
3: UK Alpaca Ltd shall not be liable to anyone for withdrawing any goods from the website or for refusing to process an order.
4: UK Alpaca Ltd warrants that the goods at the time of dispatch will correspond to the description given on the website for these goods.
5: UK Alpaca Ltd will dispatch orders in a timely manner and will endeavour in most cases to dispatch within 24 hours of order receipt. Further information is available under the Shipping tab on the website. Buyers from outside the UK will be responsible for obtaining any relevant import license and payment of any import duties payable. Goods will be dispatched to the postal address indicated in the Shipping Address section of the website order.
6: In the event of a loss of a package the buyer should inform UK Alpaca Ltd stating the order number and invoice number, whereupon UK Alpaca Ltd will commence their tracing operation. Should UK Alpaca Ltd agree that the goods are lost, a replacement package will be dispatched. Title in the goods shall only pass to the buyer upon successful delivery of the goods.
7: The buyer shall inspect the goods immediately upon arrival and advise UK Alpaca Ltd by letter, email or telephone of any damage or if they do not comply with the order. Failure to notify within 7 days of delivery will be deemed as acceptance by the buyer of the goods.
8: If the buyer is unhappy with the goods, for any reason, they can be returned to UK Alpaca Ltd (unused and in their original packaging) within 10 days of receipt, for exchange or full refund, stating the reason for return. All return postage and packaging costs are the buyer’s responsibility.
9: FORCE MAJEURE. UK Alpaca Ltd shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform any of its obligations if the delay or failure results from events or circumstances outside its reasonable control, and shall be entitled to a reasonable extension of its obligations.
10: Except as may be implied by law where the buyer is dealing as a consumer, in the event of any breach of these terms and conditions by UK Alpaca Ltd, the remedies of the buyer shall be limited to damages which shall in no circumstances exceed the price of the goods and UK Alpaca Ltd shall under no circumstances be liable for any indirect, incidental or consequential loss or damage whatever.
11:By agreeing to purchase product through this website you are giving permission to UK Alpaca Ltd to add your email address and post code to our newsletter mailing list. Should you wish this data to be removed from our mailing list please email to advise or on receipt of the first newsletter, use the Remove option.
12: These terms of use and conditions of sale are governed by the law of England and Wales
Yarn Care
Shipping
Wholesale
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Contact Us