http://www.jigthings.com/privacy-policy/
Country selection
Home
Products
About Us
Blog
Shipping
Contact Us
1-716-701-1099
Menu
Jigthings Company Policies
We want to make it enjoyable for you to deal with us. For that reason we don't have the usual list of do's and don'ts in the form of 'Terms and Conditions' - if something is not right then let us know and we promise to make it right!
Your Security
Whenever you visit a secure page (such as our checkout) you will see the familiar padlock sign that signifies transferred information is encrypted and your safety is guaranteed.
Ordering
If you experience any problems with our online checkout procedures then please do not hesitate to either telephone us on 1-716-701-1099 or e-mail us at pete@jigthings.com. We will be pleased to help in any way we can.
Many of our customers still prefer to order and pay by telephone and we welcome orders placed by this method.
All orders placed over the Internet will be acknowledged by e-mail soon after we receive them - usually within one hour.
Payment
We are happy to accept payment by all popular credit cards and PayPal.
All payments processed over the Internet will be acknowledged by e-mail soon after we receive them - usually within one hour.
Shipping
All orders within the USA are shipped free of charge. For shipments outside the USA, please email us for cost of shipping.
Orders will normally be dispatched on the same day or the next working day after we receive the order.
If you have an urgent need for dispatch on the same day as the order is placed then please telephone us on 1-716-701-1099 and we will do everything we can to help you.
We use Fedex as our carriers for almost all orders.
Provided that we have a valid e-mail address for you, we will send you an e-mail to let you know as soon as your goods are dispatched. The e-mail will contain your tracking code so that you can track the progress of your parcel online.
Product Safety
All of our products are safe for the purpose for which they are sold - to the best of our knowledge no-one has ever hurt themselves on one of our products! Therefore in all circumstances, our liability is restricted to the value of the goods.
Returns Policy
Goods may be returned to us for up to 7 days from date of receipt. Please inform us before returning goods and we will then acknowledge this. Please make sure that any goods returned are unused and in their original packaging.
Privacy Policy
We thoroughly disapprove of spam and we will not subject you to unwanted e-mails. After the initial e-mails confirming your order and payment we will contact you no more than twice by e-mail or letter in any 12 month period.
Your details will not be given to anyone outside of our organization and you will never be contacted by any third party as a result of information that you supply to us.
If you have any comments or concerns then please do not hesitate to contact us by one of the means given at our Contacts page.
Free delivery
Order by noon for same-day dispatch
Site Information
Jigthings Company Policies
Testimonials
Resources
View desktop site
Contact Information
Jigthings LimitedHerons WayWragg MarshSpaldingLincsPE12 6HH
admin@jigthings.com
1-716-701-1099
Payment
Paypal
Mastercard
Visa
Maestro
Discover
American Express
JCB
Social
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Follow Us On Google+
© Jigthings 2013-2020
TJS - Web Design Lincolnshire
We use cookies to make your experience of our website better.
To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent -
I agree -
No thanks -
Find out more