http://www.cyclotronrecords.com/store/privacy.php
Warning: I am able to write to the configuration file: /home/cyclotro/public_html/store/includes/configure.php. This is a potential security risk - please set the right user permissions on this file.
Breaks Downtempo Drum n Bass House NRG/Hard House Techno Trance DJ Tools Gift Ideas
What do you think of satellite radio?Great way to hear new musicLove not hearing the commercialsHaven't tried it yetIt's the future of radioCan't compete with my MP3 player
[ Results | Polls ]905 Votes
Help DJ News DJ Books Shipping & Returns Affiliate Program Redeem Gift Voucher Events Vinyl Records RSS Contact Us Privacy Notice Conditions of Use
Sign up for the newsletter to stay on top of all the latest releases.Sign up here!
Privacy Notice
Home » Vinyl » Privacy Notice
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This page describes our policies for handling your personal information.
Privacy Commitment
We will not share your information with a third party unless required by a law enforcement agency to do so. Your billing information is transmitted using industry-standard SSL encryption. We don't store your credit card number or expiration date.
Data Collection
We require your name and mailing address in order to properly ship your order. We must have your email address and phone number so that we can communicate with you regarding your order. For credit card orders, we also require your card number, expiration date, billing name and address in order to verify sufficient funds and charge your card, and to prevent fraud.
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to store your shopping cart (dj bag)—enabling you to checkout at your convenience—and your shipping address—speeding up the checkout process during later visits. However, your browser does not need to have cookies enabled in order to use our site. Users with cookies disabled should still be able to store items in a shopping cart and check out, but this information will be gone if you leave the site or close your browser.
0 items
Your Ad Here