http://www.westbend.com/pages/privacy-policy
My Account
Welcome to West Bend!
Login
Create Account
0
Cooking
Slow Cookers / Versatility Cookers
Skillets / Griddles / Grills
Toasters / Ovens
Breadmakers
Pressure Cookers / Rice Cookers
Specialty
Air Fryers
Beverage
Coffee Makers
Coffee Urns
Tea
Cocoa
Juicers
Popcorn
Stir Crazy
Air Crazy
Theater Crazy
Popcorn Poppers
Serving / Accessories
Popcorn / Seasonings
Movie Night
Popcorn Carts
Food & Fun
Frozen Treats
Ice Cream Makers
Ice Shavers
Replacement Parts
A - F
Blenders
Bread Makers
Can Openers
Chefscape
Cocoa / Hot Drink Makers
Coffee Makers
Cookware
Cotton Candy Makers
Crockery Cookers
Egg Cookers
Electric Skillets
Fondue Pots & Rice Cookers
Fruit & Veggie Preparation
G - O
Griddles
Grills
Hot Pots & teakettles
Ice Cream Makers
Ice Treat Makers
Iced Tea Makers
Jelly Belly
Juicing & Sprouting
Meat & Grain Grinders
Microwave Ovens
Mixers
Ovens
P - Z
Performance
Popcorn Poppers
Preserving & Canning
Pressure Cookers
Slow Cookers
Smoothie Makers
Steamers
The Chris Freytag Collection
Toasters
Waffle Makers
Woks
Recipes
Support
Products FAQs
Warranty
User Manuals
Contact us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to West Bend!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WEST BEND respects your personal privacy and is committed to adhering to federal and state privacy laws and industry guidelines in order to protect you and your identity. This privacy policy describes how we handle the personal information that you provide to us on this WEST BEND Web site. This Privacy Policy applies only to the U.S. WEST BEND Web site, not to any other WEST BEND or third party sites that may be accessible from here.
After reading this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated into and is a part of the WEST BEND Web site’s Terms of Use, you will know:
What information WEST BEND collects from you.
How WEST BEND uses your information.
What choices you have about how WEST BEND treats your information.
How WEST BEND protects your privacy.
What WEST BEND does about children visiting the Web site.
How you can contact WEST BEND.
Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using the Web site or submitting information to us. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the WEST BEND Web site is acceptance of such changes, so please check this area periodically for updates to this Privacy Policy.
Section 1 - What Information WEST BEND Collects From You
Like many other Web sites, we actively collect information from our visitors both by asking specific questions on the Web site and by permitting you to communicate directly with us via online forms and e-mail. Some of the information that you submit may be personally identifiable (that is, information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your name, business name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, etc.). Also, if you place an order, you may be required to provide financial information. If you direct comments to us or request information, we may ask you to verify where you live so we can be assured that the response or information we provide is appropriate for your county of residence.
When you visit the WEST BEND Web site or interactive advertisements, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. The Web site or interactive advertisements may invite you to submit names, e-mail addresses or addresses of others in connection with certain promotions or offers that appear on the Web site or interactive advertisements. If you opt not to provide us with personally identifiable information you still can visit the Web site, but may be unable to access certain options and offers.
WEST BEND does not have control over the privacy policies applied by any other party that you may disclose information to. Third party sites that are linked to from the Web site are not under the control of WEST BEND and we are not responsible for their content or privacy policies. If you would like information on any other party’s privacy policy, you should contact that party directly, and we encourage you to do so.
If you register with the WEST BEND Web site in order to gain access to certain Web site features, during the registration process we may ask for both personal and demographic information, all of which are generally required in order to complete the registration. We also may ask you for other optional information. Users who provide this information and register can benefit from access to additional information about WEST BEND products and other features that WEST BEND may offer from time to time.
Passive Information Collection
As you navigate through a Web site, certain information can be passively collected (that is, gathered without you actively providing the information) using various technologies and means, such as navigational data collection. Like most Web site operators, we track IP addresses, but only during your session and use both session and persistent cookies. Our system also automatically gathers information about the areas you visit on the Web site and collects operational information about the technology you use, such as your internet browser, type of computer, operating systems, Internet service providers and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to our site or advertisement. In addition, when you view the Web site or our advertisements, we use session cookies to record current session identifiers. This information is not on your computer after the session is over. The cookies allow us to tailor a Web site or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. The WEST BEND Web site does not collect personally identifiable information automatically, but we may tie information collected automatically to your previously submitted personally identifiable information. We passively collect information to understand what areas of the WEST BEND Web site are most popular, which areas may require improvement and what technologies are being used by our visitors. This information helps us to update and improve the Web site. We also use this information for security purposes, to detect and to block security breaches and to provide you with a safe online environment.
Section 2 - How WEST BEND Uses Your Information
WEST BEND uses your personal information to enhance the operation of the Web site and allow you to use all of its features.
Your contact information (name, billing, shipping, e-mail addresses and phone number) and financial information (credit card number) will be used for the purposes for which you supplied it to us (e.g., processing orders) and to send you related notices. From time to time we may use it to send you notices of special events and our newsletter and to allow reputable third parties to provide you with valuable information and special offers. WEST BEND also may disclose this information to the vendors who assist us in processing information or fulfilling our customers’ requests. These vendors are required to use this information only for this purpose. WEST BEND will not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information to any outside organization for the organization’s own use with out your consent.
WEST BEND may store and process your personally identifiable information to better understand your needs and how we may improve our products and services, and we may use your personally identifiable information to send you marketing or promotional materials or other information, or respond to your comments or requests for information. We may also enhance or merge personally identifiable information with data obtained from third parties for the same purposes.
WEST BEND does not otherwise distribute your personally identifiable information to third parties. WEST BEND, however, will have no liability for disclosure of information obtained due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized intervention of third parties.
WEST BEND may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information. WEST BEND reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other Web site users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to an emergency situation.
Although WEST BEND does not currently rent, sell, or otherwise share your information with third parties for purposes unrelated to the Web Site, it may do so in the future. If you do not want your information to be shared, you should contact us at WebAdmin@TheLegacyCompanies.com as described in Section 3.
Section 3 - Choices You Have About How WEST BEND Uses Your Information
We strive to provide you with as many choices as possible regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
You may view and modify the personal information you have provided to us by clicking on the Gift Registry icon on the top navigation bar. Enter your e-mail address and password. When you click enter(proceed) the screen that follows will allow you to change your personal information. If you have forgotten your password click on the link that states “Click here if you forgot your password” and you can choose to see the ‘password hint’ that you selected at the time that you created your password or you can choose to have your password e-mailed to you.
You may also send us an e-mail message at WebAdmin@TheLegacyCompanies.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. To protect your privacy, we will only respond to e-mail messages sent from the e-mail account you specified when you gave us your contact information or when you set up your account. Should you elect to have your information deleted, we will also delete your user account. You also may opt out of having your e-mail address used for promotional purposes by WEST BEND. This opt out does not apply to information provided to WEST BEND as a result of a product purchase, product service experience or other transactions. If you no longer wish to receive information or promotional materials from us by e-mail you may opt out of receiving these communications. We offer two methods for such opt-out choices:
If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may reply to the promotional e-mail by inserting “REMOVE” in the subject line of the return e-mail.
You also can opt out by updating your profile on the West Bend site. Go into your profile through the Gift Registry icon on the top navigation bar(as Described above), uncheck the box that states “add me to the mailing list” and click on “Update Information” at the bottom of your profile.
If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Web site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
You should review this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use the Web site. Remember, by using any part of the West Bend Web site, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this Privacy Policy, your continued use of the Web site means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.
Section 4 - How WEST BEND Protects Your Information
We work hard to protect your personal information. We use both technical and procedural methods to maintain the integrity and security of our databases. Access to data on the WEST BEND computer system is secured by user identification and password and only Customer Service and Information Technologies personnel are allowed access to your profile and order information.
We have made a substantial investment in server, database and backup technologies to protect the information that you provide us. We do not store your information on the internet and authorized WEST BEND personnel must use a password to retrieve it via the Internet. Also, we do not make credit card information available over the Internet. All data on the WEST BEND computer system resides in a tightly controlled, secured area and the Web site is a secure site that uses 128 bit SSL for security. We have invested in these security mechanisms to keep your information safe from disclosure to third parties, other than reputable third parties we may select to provide you with valuable services, information and special offers. WEST BEND is committed to keeping secure the data you provide us and take reasonable precautions to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or alteration. Agents or contractors of WEST BEND who have access to your personally identifiable information in connection with providing services for WEST BEND are required to keep the information confidential and are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for WEST BEND.
Section 5 - What WEST BEND Does About Children Visiting The Web Site
The WEST BEND Web site is not intended for children under the age of 13. We will not knowingly collect information from site visitors in this age group. We encourage parents to talk to their children about their use of the Internet and the information they disclose online. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us via e-mail at WebAdmin@TheLegacyCompanies.com if they would like this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to delete the child's information from our databases.
Section 6 - How You Can Contact West Bend
If you have submitted personally identifiable information through the Web site or an interactive advertisement, or if someone else has submitted your personally identifiable information through the WEST BEND Web site or an interactive advertisement, and you would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us via e-mail at WebAdmin@TheLegacyCompanies.com. We will then use reasonable efforts to remove your personally identifiable information from our files. You also may contact us to request the personally identifiable information that West Bend has collected about you through the Web site or interactive advertisements. WEST BEND will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and correct any factual inaccuracies in this information.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the WEST BEND Web site, please contact us.
-
Slow Cookers
Popcorn
Coffee
Beverage
Food & Fun
Replacement Parts
Recipes
_
FAQ
Product Registration
User Manuals
Warranty
WestBend® Media
WestBend® Press
Terms of Sale
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
_
Affiliates
About Us
Timeline
Contact us - 1-888-610-0498
International/Canada
Recall Safety Info
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Pinterest
Instagram
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 West Bend
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
JCB
Klarna
Mastercard
Shop Pay
Visa