https://www.official-military-art.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
1.480.925.3610
todd@official-military-art.com
HOME
Log In
Register
SHOP ART
Top Selling Military Art
NASA Apollo 11 Collectible
Military Art Canvas Prints
Military Artists
Presidential & Executive Portraits
Recent Commissions
Contact
MILITARY ART
US Air Force Military Art
Cannon Air Force Base Military Art Unit
Nellis Air Force Base Military Art Unit
Marine Corps Military Art
Navy Military Art
Military Art ARMY: USAWOA
Army Military Art
MILITARY PRINTS
MILITARY ART COMMISSIONS
Arlington National Cemetery
Nellis Air Force Base | United States Air Force Art Installation
Marine Corps Academy, Harlingen, TX
Marine Corps Mountain Warfare Training Center, Bridgeport, CA
USAF Cannon Air Force Base, Cannon New Mexico
Marine Corps Recruit Depot (MCRD), Johnson Hall,
San Diego, Ca
Naval Health Clinic Patuxent River, MD
Naval Hospital at Camp Pendleton, CA
Naval Medial Center Balboa Hospital, San Diego, CA
Naval Air Station Pensacola, Florida
Veterans Museum of San Diego, CA
William Beaumont Army Medical Center, El Paso, Texas
MILITARY ARTIST
Artist Todd Krasovetz
PORTRAITS
MEDAL OF HONOR
Shipping and Product Info
NEWS
MILITARY
BATTLES
Battle at Roberts Ridge Military Art
Battle of Ramadi Military Art
NASA
Apollo 11 Collectibles
NASA
Privacy Policy, Anti-Fraud, & Return Policy
Official Militray Art, LLC
Privacy Policy, Anti-Fraud, & Return Policy
Refund Policy
Thanks for purchasing our products at www.Official-Military-Art, operated by artist Todd Krasovetz.
In order to be eligible for a refund, you have to return the product within 3 calendar days of your purchase. The product must be in the same condition that you receive it and undamaged in any way.
After we receive your item, our team of professionals will inspect it and will determine if your refund warranted. The money will be refunded to the original payment method you’ve used during the purchase. For credit card payments it may take 7-14 business days for a refund after items have been shipped back to us, to show up on your credit card statement.
If the product is damaged in any way, or you have initiated the return after 3 calendar days have passed, you will not be eligible for a refund.
If anything is unclear or you have more questions feel free to contact our customer support team.
ANTI-FRAUD INTRODUCTION
ANTI-FRAUD POLICY
The Company Official Military Art, LLC (know as “The Company”) is committed to ethical behavior and values. It is amongst its first priorities to establish a corporate and working culture that enhances the value of ethics and promote the individual responsibility as well. To this effect, the company has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, a Code of Conduct and Ethics for Corporate Officers and Directors and an Ethics and Compliance Policy, which set the highest standards for personnel conduct related to ethical behavior and alertness.
The cornerstone in preventing fraud is the creation of an environment that fosters morality, integrity and business conduct.
1. FRAUDDEFINITION
Fraud can be defined as: “Any illegal acts characterized by deceit, concealment, or violation of trust. These acts are not dependent upon the application or threat of violence or of physical force. Fraud is perpetrated by parties and organizations to obtain money, property, or services; to avoid payment or loss of services; or to secure personal or business advantage.”
Fraud may involve:
• falsification or alteration of accounting records,
• misappropriation of assets or theft,
• suppression or omission of the effects of transactions from records or recording of transactions without substance,
• intentional misapplication of accounting policies or willful misrepresentation of transactions or of the entity’s state of affairs,
• misapplying corporate or bank funds
Fraud may also involve manipulation of information system applications and data for personal advantage.
2. PURPOSE&SCOPE
The purpose of this document is to outline the responsibilities of all the involved parties with respect to fraud prevention, the actions to be taken if fraud is suspected and the mechanism of verifying suspicion of fraud, the reporting process and the recovery action plan.
3. RESPONSIBILITIES AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Committee’s duties and responsibilities are included in its Charter and included herein by reference.
The Audit Committee should ensure that the Company has put in practice an effective ethics and compliance program and is currently derived and defined by the relevant policy codes referred to herein. It should be stressed that fraud has been, frequently, attributed to the weaknesses or override of the internal controls. Therefore, the Audit Committee plays an important role by ensuring that the
1|Page
Company has identified the key risk areas and internal controls adequately address and mitigate those risks.
OFFICERS AND KEY PERSONNEL
The management personnel of the Company constitute the front line of monitoring and preventing fraud. Managers are responsible to monitor business activities of employees and be aware of and alert to potential signs of fraud.
Management is accountable to “set the tone at the top”, point out the risks to which the operations and the systems are exposed, establish an effective system of Internal Controls, Governance and Risk Management process, and follow up systematically on the implementation of the Company’s procedures and policies.
STAFF
Staff is responsible to act at all times with the highest degree of honesty, integrity, accountability, and propriety. Staff should conduct their duties in a manner the does not jeopardize, to the contrary, safeguards the Company’s resources and assets. Staff shall comply with the Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and the Code of Conduct and Ethics for Corporate Officers and Directors. If fraud, violation, unethical conduct or dishonest practice is suspected and/or verified, then it should be reported through the “Ethics and Compliance” Link and provide any required information during the investigation process.
INTERNAL AUDITOR
“The Internal Auditor should have sufficient knowledge to identify the indicators of fraud but is not expected to have the capacity of a person whose primary responsibility is detecting and mitigating fraud.”
The Internal Auditor is responsible to evaluate the adequacy of the internal control system, prioritize auditing activities in accordance with a documented risk assessment plan, and provide recommendations, through consulting and assurance activities.
4. FRAUDRESPONSEPLAN
The fraud response plan is a guide to follow in the event of fraud being discovered or suspected. Its purpose is to ensure that proper action is taken in case of fraud.
Any allegations of fraud, theft or other irregularity should be reported via the Ethics and Compliance link on the web site of the Company.
All allegations are reported anonymously, are treated as confidential and are directed to the Audit Committee, which will undertake any further investigation.
The Audit Committee is responsible to retain any relevant records, examine the allegations, and plan the investigation and deterrence of fraud. Deterrence of fraud lies with management. The Audit Committee will appoint a suitable person, internal or external, to investigate and ensure that the investigation is conducted in a professional manner. The Audit Committee and the management are responsible to secure the anonymity and prevent the harassment or discrimination of the people that make such allegations.
The results of the investigation should be reported directly to the Audit Committee, which will determine to whom should be communicated, including the Internal Auditor, the CFO, and the CEO. Upon conclusion of the investigation, an action plan should be agreed, enforced, documented, and distributed appropriately.
2|Page
All records and reports of the investigation process should be under the custody of the Audit Committee, retained in a safe place with restricted access in the Company headquarters.
The Internal Auditor should be periodically informed of the progress and the final conclusions of any such investigation.
5. DISCIPLINARY/LEGALACTION
Proven fraud or suspected fraud which comes to light, whether perpetrated by a member of staff or by persons external to the organization, should be referred to the appropriate authorities, internally or externally, at the earliest possible opportunity.
6. PERSONALCONDUCT
The personal conduct is governed by the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, the Code of Conduct and Ethics for Corporate Officers and Directors and the Ethics and Compliance Policy.
7. FRAUDDETECTION/ETHICS&COMPLIANCEPOLICY
Staff should be alert to the possibility that unusual events or transactions could be symptoms of fraud or attempted fraud. An “Ethics and Compliance” policy is in place and enables the reporting of fraud or other illegal actions. The “Ethics and Compliance” policy shall ensure that all employees have free access to which unbiased judgment is addressed and anonymity and confidentiality are maintained.
3|Page
Privacy Policy
Effective date: October 29, 2018
Official Militart Art / Artist Todd Krasovetz (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the https://www.official-military-art.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. Our Privacy Policy for Official Militart Art / Artist Todd Krasovetz is managed through Free Privacy Policy.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.official-military-art.com
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
First name and last name
Phone number
Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
Cookies and Usage Data
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data
Official Militart Art / Artist Todd Krasovetz uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer care and support
To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
To monitor the usage of the Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Official Militart Art / Artist Todd Krasovetz will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Legal Requirements
Official Militart Art / Artist Todd Krasovetz may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Official Militart Art / Artist Todd Krasovetz
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: Wingsofhope@gmail.com
Search »
Important Links
Partners & Clients:  BSWW, SDFA, KIA, SSC, BSSD, KC, A2BData, Buy Liquor Online, Best Wine Online, Restoration,Abel’s
Total Visits: 23,850Calendar of Events
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Feb
Official Military Art Contact
Name:*FirstLast E-mail:* Phone* Subject:* What Branch of Services* Project
Details
(i.e, Art for Air Force Base or Unit, Graduation or Retirement, Art Commission) Word Verification:SubmitReset
Proud Clients & Sponsors
Top News51 of the best holiday gifts to give (or get) this yearWe tested the best flannel sheets to keep you warm this winterCartOFFICE HEADQUARTERS Official Military Art
750 B Street Suite #3400
San Diego, CA 92101
Direct 1.480.925.3610
todd@official-military-art.com
2018 Official Military Art : All art and images property of Artist Todd Krasovetz. All Rights Reserved. Built by Best SEO Worldwide
By visiting this site, you agree to our Terms, Shipping & Return Policy - Privacy Policy
WordPress
Di Responsive Theme
0
No products in the cart.
Go to Shop