http://www.pondpals.com/privacy_policy.html
Hemphill's Garden & Pond Center Terms
Pond Lighting
Pond Filtration
Waterfall Tanks
Pond Kits
Pond Liners
Pond Pumps
Pond Air Pumps
Pond Accessories
Koi Food
Aquatic Plants
Skimmers-Drains
Ultraviolet Sterilizer
Water Treatments
Pond Supplies
Hemphill's Info
Contact Us
Terms
View Cart/Check Out
Home Page
This is the web site of Hemphill's Garden & Aquatic
Center
Our postal address is
2222 Fallston Road
Fallston, Maryland 21047-1444
To contact us by phone call 410-803-1688
For general inquiries e-mail:  hemphillsales@pondpals.com
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically
recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address
(where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of
visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages
consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer,
such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then
discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to
customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual
visitor, shared with other reputable organizations to help them
contact consumers for marketing purposes, not shared with other
organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors
preferences, record past activity at a site in order to provide better
service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please
let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at
the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only
receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will
only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding
orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure
your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special
relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new,
unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If
our information practices change at some time in the future we will
post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes
and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you
are concerned about how your information is used, you should check
back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for
purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by
calling us at the number provided above.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all
information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about
them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our
site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries).
Consumers can access this information by sending an e-mail to us at
the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies
corrected in contact information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail
at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard
encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data
exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types of
sensitive information such as financial or health information, we
redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through
a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in
place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse
or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our
site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information
policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number, The
DMA's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at mgoldberger@the-dma.org,
state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local
consumer protection office, The Federal Trade Commission by phone at
202.FTC-HELP (202.382.4357) or electronically at
http://www.ftc.gov/ftc/complaint.htm.
Aquatic Plants | Koi Food | Pond Accessories | Pond Filtration Systems | Pond Kits & Combos
Pond Lighting |
Pond Liners | Skimmers & Drains |
Pond Pumps |
Pond Air Pumps | Pond Water Treatment
Ultraviolet Sterilizer |
Waterfall Tanks | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Terms | Sitemap
View Cart/Check Out
Phone: 1-410-803-1688
©2019 Hemphill's Garden & Aquatic Center www.pondpals.com