http://www.purdys.com/terms-of-use
SUPPORTShipping & Gift GuaranteeOrder LookupGift Card BalanceChocolate OffersFAQsTerms Of UsePrivacy PolicyContact UsPurdys' SustainableCocoa ProgramSustainable FarmsSustainable LivingClean Water ProjectOur StoriesAbout UsPurdys HeritageSUPPORTShipping & Gift GuaranteeOrder LookupGift Card BalanceChocolate OffersFAQsTerms Of UsePrivay PolicyContact UsWebsite Terms of UseFor information on privacy issues please also see our Privacy Policy.Terms and ConditionsBy accessing our website, you, the user, agree to the terms and conditions we set out here. These terms and conditions may change at our discretion any time, and without notice. All orders and purchases made through this site are also governed by these terms and conditions.Use of and orders placed on this website are governed by the laws and the courts of the province of British Columbia, and by the applicable laws of Canada. The user is also responsible for complying with these laws. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods will not apply.We may correct errors or inaccuracies and change or update information on this website at any time without notice, including prices and item availability. All sizes and weights quoted are approximate. We do not guarantee the reliability of these descriptions and we will not be liable for any inaccuracy, error or omission in the information contained on this site in relation to the products and articles offered for sale by us, including their prices. All prices listed exclude applicable taxes and are in Canadian dollars, and all delivery and any additional charges will be clearly displayed where they apply and will be processed in Canadian dollars. All prices listed on this site are subject to confirmation. You agree to pay all charges payable for your order. We reserve the right to limit the quantity of items that you may buy. We also reserve the right to cancel orders at our discretion.We will use commercially reasonable efforts to deliver items as quickly as possible, and within any time indicated. However, we are not responsible for delivery delays beyond our control. We will endeavour to notify users if delivery is delayed. All items are delivered by a third party, and delivery is governed by their shipping contracts. We reserve the right not to ship to certain addresses.By using this site, you represent that you are of the age of majority in your jurisdiction. If you are a parent or legal guardian agreeing to these terms and conditions, you must monitor and supervise the use of this site by the minor and you are fully responsible for the minor’s use of this site, including all financial charges and legal liability that he or she may incur.The sale of products on this site may be subject to additional terms that will be made available when you place your order.Passwords and AccountsYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password used to access your account and restricting access to your computer. We are not under any obligation to verify the actual identity or authority of any user of a password and login name. We may rely on the authority of anyone accessing your account or using your password and will not be liable for any damages or expenses arising out of or relating to any unauthorized use of such account or password. You agree that you are responsible for all activities that occur on your account.You agree to notify us immediately if the confidentiality of your account or password is compromised. We have the right to take any actions that we deem reasonable in such event provided that we will have no liability for any act or omission on this regard.We may suspend or cancel your account at any time for any reason without notice or liability to you or any other person.Copyright ConsiderationsAll textual and graphic content on this site, its organization and presentation, and our organization and domain name are our property, and are therefore copyrighted by us. The materials on this site may not be copied, reproduced, posted, or republished in any way. They may be downloaded, displayed, or printed by the user for non-commercial and lawful personal use only. Otherwise, the republication or use of these materials on any other website without prior written consent from us is prohibited, and all rights are reserved.The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of Purdys Chocolatier, and so your own use of them is prohibited.Images of people used on this site are used with permission or in accordance with applicable law. Reuse of them without permission may violate the privacy and publication rights of those persons.Using Linked ContentThis site provides links to other websites. All those sites are independent from Purdys Chocolatier’s, and therefore we have no control over, and no liability for, those websites or their contents, or their use. We provide these links for your convenience, and you decide to access them at your own risk.User-Provided ContentBy submitting content on or through this site, by email or telephone, or by otherwise disclosing, submitting or offering content in connection with your use of this site, you warrant that you have full right and authority to submit that content, and that you have sole copyright and proprietary right over that content.You grant us a perpetual, royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable, unrestricted, sub- licensable right and license to use the content however we desire, including without limitation, to use, copy, reproduce, disclose, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, display, translate, create derivative works from and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world and for any purpose without restriction and without compensating you in any wayYou may not contribute, post or transmit unlawful, defamatory, or threatening material, that which would constitute or encourage criminal offenses, or violate any law. We reserve the right not to publish, or to remove, any content we deem inappropriate for any reason whatsoever.Site SecurityYou are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the site, including, without limitation: (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging onto a server or an account which you are not authorized to access; (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, "flooding", "spamming", "mailbombing" or "crashing"; or (d) sending unsolicited email, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. We will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this site or any activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to scrape, navigate or search this site other than the search engine and search agents available from us on this site and other than generally available third party web browsers.Our LiabilityThis website should be accessed and used at your own risk. Though reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the website is current and contains no inaccuracies or errors, no guarantees are made that the website’s content will be error-free, accurate, complete or current at all or any times. When a mistake is noticed, we will correct it as soon as possible and make reasonable efforts to notify affected users. This may mean that orders not yet shipped may be cancelled.We are not responsible for lost, incomplete, illegible, misdirected or stolen messages or mail, unavailable connections, failed, incomplete, garbled, or delayed transmissions, online failures, hardware, software, or other technical malfunctions or disturbances, whether or not these circumstances affect, disrupt, or corrupt communications.Purdys Chocolatier is not liable for any damages arising out of or related to access to or use of our site, or sites we link to, whether or not these damages are foreseeable and whether or not we have been advised of the possibility, including, without limitation, direct, indirect, special, consequential, incidental or punitive damages.This agreement between Purdys Chocolatier and you, the user, supersedes all prior agreements and understandings pertaining to this subject matter.PrivacyYour consent to the use of the personal information you provide to Purdys Chocolatier is outlined in our Privacy Policy.