http://www.singandsign.com/privacy-policy
Where am I?
You are here:
Home
privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Sing and Sign Limited are committed to protecting and respecting your
privacy and follow
strict rules on how data is used and kept to ensure that they meet GDPR
regulations and the Data Protection Act.  We take the privacy of all
visitors to this Website very seriously and therefore set out in this privacy
policy our position regarding certain privacy matters on this Website. This
policy covers all data that is shared by a visitor with us whether directly
via www.singandsign.co.uk or
via email.Information
we collect :
In operating our Website we may collect and process the following data:When you place an order using our online shop we collect
information including your name, postal address, email address and a contact
phone number to meet our obligation to fulfil the safe delivery of your order
(performance of a contract). Similarly, when an individual registers for
subscription to our online resources Sing and Sign collects information about
their name and email address to facilitate their unique login to the service.
Credit and debit card information for purchases are submitted via secure payment
site Worldpay and not held by, nor accessible to Sing and Sign Ltd. Sing and
Sign Ltd will not release your information to organisations outside Sing and
Sign for marketing purposes. The Sing and Sign website is hosted by Memset and
their own GDPR privacy policy and links to relevant information can be found
here:Memset
Privacy Policy https://www.memset.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Memset Customer Data Protection Addendum https://www.memset.com/about-us/data-processing-addendum/
Memset Terms & Conditions https://www.memset.com/about-us/terms-conditions/ Use
of your information : The information that we collect and store relating to you is
primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may
use the information for the following purposes:To
provide you with information requested from us relating to our products or
services and to provide information on other Sing and Sign products, which we
feel may be of interest to you.To
meet our contractual commitments to you.To notify
you about any changes to our Website, such as improvements or service/product
changes, that may affect our service.If you
are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about Sing and
Sign products and services similar to those which were the subject of a
previous sale to you.We
will not share your information with any third parties Storing your
personal dataData
that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers.The
transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and
therefore we cannot guarantee the security of information sent to us
electronically and the  transmission of such data is entirely at your own
risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you
can access certain areas of our site, you are responsible for keeping this
password confidential. Sing and Sign
FranchiseesSing and Sign is a
national franchise. Each franchise is a separate business that is owned
and managed by the Franchisee, who is contractually obliged to observe
Data Protection Regulations. Franchisees display their own privacy policies at
point of booking. Data collected by our Franchisees is stored on a secure
online database. Details are available on request. The sharing of
data between Sing and Sign Ltd. and our Franchisees is governed by contractual
obligations in the franchise agreement. The Sing and Sign franchise network
shares information with Sing and Sign Ltd. in order for us to monitor the
delivery and quality of classes. Sing and Sign franchises will not release
your information to organisations outside Sing and Sign for marketing purposes.A Franchisee may
sell their business to another approved person, who meets the criteria to
become a Sing and Sign Franchisee. In such circumstances, the potential new
Franchisee will be given access to your personal data to assist in the transfer
of the franchise. All new Franchisees are expected to provide an updated
privacy notice and review the personal data held and, where relevant, the
consents given to ensure continued compliance with data protection law. Personal Data
(Teachers and Franchisees)If you submit an application to be considered as a Sing and
Sign Teacher or Franchisee then we will keep your information securely on file.
Your information will only be used to help your application proceed and if
successful to facilitate our ongoing professional relationship. Your
information will never be shared outside Sing and Sign.  Access to
informationThe
Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we
hold about you. Please note that any demand for access may be subject to
payment of a fee of £10 which covers our costs in providing you with the
information requested. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you
please contact us using the contact details below. Data BreachAll companies and the GDPR acknowledge that data breaches
can and do occur. Should your data be unlawfully accessed or the subject of a
data breach that may cause you significant harm, we will contact you and the
Information Commissioner’s Office within 72 hours. How long do we
keep your data?Businesses are required to keep records for a minimum of six years from
the end of the last company financial year. Sing and Sign Ltd will keep data you submit
to this website or via the Franchise Application process for a period of up to
seven years. Your RightsIf you wish to
complain, remove consent or delete data please email us at info@singandsign.co.uk. If you would
like a copy of the information held about you, please write to Sing and Sign
Ltd with ID, to:
Sing and Sign Ltd.Unit 13691 Western RoadBrighton BN1 2NWinfo@singandsign.co.uk Sing
and Sign Ltd. Registered in England No.4223316Reg.
Office 1, Harbour House, Harbour Way, Shoreham by Sea, West Sussex BN43 5HZ If you believe we
are processing your personal data not in accordance with the law you can
complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO).Changes to this PolicySing and Sign keeps
their Privacy Policy under regular review and will update this page as
required.May 2019 GeneralIf
there is any conflict between these terms and specific terms appearing
elsewhere on singandsign.co.uk then the latter shall prevail.If any
of these terms are determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable
by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended
to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction in which that
term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted from
these terms and the remaining terms shall survive, remain in full force and
effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.These
terms shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
England and Wales.
“ Just wanted to say a really big thank you for the brilliant Sing and Sign classes. It has given us a tremendous lift to be able to communicate with Joseph before he can talk. He loves signing because he gets understood and I'm convinced it helps us get inside each other's worlds. Keep up the good work!“
Find out what others think about baby signing.
Favourite Signs
Some of our favourite signs
moremusic
Can't see videos?
Click to update player
Become a member to see more
News
A Whole Generation of Children brought up on the Sing and Sign Approach!
Our 20th Year
Free online resource for Stage 1
Free to class attendees
Britain's first ever baby signing classes has a birthday!
Fifteen years and going strong!
Sing and Sign shortlisted for franchisor of the year
'Mumandworking Awards'
The Ultimate Baby Signing Resource!
Sign up now!
Sing and Sign win national prize
Sing and Sign named "Best National Toddler Development Activity"
...more news
Just a few of the awards and honours Sing and Sign has received
COPYRIGHT ©
2020 Sing and Sign | Privacy Policy
Developed by
WK360