http://www.avlimil.com/privacy-policy/
×
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Vianda takes your privacy seriously. Earning and keeping your trust is important. That is why we handle any personal information, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number ("Personal Information") that you provide to us as important to us. This Privacy Statement describes the Personal Information we gather about you, what we do with it, the safeguards we have in place to protect it, and how you can control our use of it. By using our Websites, the user agrees, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Statement.
When you provide Personal Information in our Call Center and on our Website, you are consenting to the manner in which Vianda will collect, use, disclose, and otherwise manage your Personal Information, as set out below.
Who May Use this Website The Websites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 18. We do not collect Personal Information from any person we know to be under the age of 18. If you are under 18, we ask that you not send us any Personal Information.
The Websites are intended for users from the United States and those not governed by privacy policies of other countries. Users from the European Union are advised not to disclose Personal Information to Vianda. Information sent to us will be housed on servers located in the State of Ohio, in the United States. Do not send us information unless you consent to the application of U.S law and to the use and disclosure of your information consistent with this Privacy Statement.
Collection and Use of Personal Information We may collect Personal Information that you provide us when you:
Purchase, order, return, exchange, or request certain information about our products and services;
Contact our Call Center;
Visit or register with our Websites;
Enter into a contest or sweepstakes;
Respond to one of our surveys; or
Provide us with comments or suggestions.
We may also collect Personal Information about you from our Service Providers who provide us with e-commerce related services related to the Websites.
Shopping at Vianda If you use a credit or debit card for any of your purchases, we will collect your credit or debit card information and keep a history of your purchases. We use this information to process your orders and to better assist you when you visit or call us. We may also ask for your zip code as well, to help us improve our product and service offerings to your area. When you return previously purchased merchandise, or request a refund or exchange, you may be asked to give your name, address, and phone number. We collect this information to help prevent fraud.
Call Center When you call our Call Center about a product, delivery, billing question, or for Customer Care, you may be asked for Personal Information that identifies you, along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question, such as your name and address and a phone number where we might contact you. We may retain this information to assist you in the future.
Contests, Questions or Surveys When you ask a question, participate in a survey, or enter a contest or sweepstakes through our Website, we may collect your name, address, phone number, and e-mail address. We use this information to administer your participation in a contest or sweepstakes. At the time you are entering a contest or sweepstakes, we may ask your permission to send you future marketing information from Vianda.
Other Uses of Personal Information Vianda also uses Personal Information, including information provided to us from our Service Providers, to continually assess and improve the products and services we offer. To serve you better, we may combine the Personal Information that you give us with publicly available information and other information we receive from, or cross-reference with, our marketing partners and others. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.
Promotional Information and Marketing Materials We would like to inform you of products and services, sales, and special offers that might benefit you. When you shop online, or participate in a survey, you will have the opportunity to sign up for e-mails about our products, services, sales and special offers. We may also send you mail, email, or call you with information about our product and service offerings if you have provided us with your name and address, email address, or phone numbers at our Call Center or Website. If you would like to stop receiving such promotional information from Vianda, please see the "Privacy Preferences/Opt-Out" section of this Privacy Statement.
Disclosure of Personal Information We enter into marketing relationships with advertisers or other companies that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to Vianda customers. We will share your Personal Information with those marketing partners in order to help them send you information that we believe will be of interest to you. We may share non-identifiable aggregated information with these companies. We will never disclose your telephone number, credit card account information, or e-mail address without your express consent. We may also provide Personal Information to any of our affiliated businesses.
Access to Personal Information by Companies that Work with or on Behalf of Vianda Some of our operations, such as our electronic commerce, may be managed by Service Providers who are unaffiliated companies. These companies may share Personal Information with their affiliates and with service providers whom they engage to perform services related to our Websites or the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, Website evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. These companies may have access to your Personal Information, on a confidential basis only, to the extent necessary to perform their functions. In no event will we authorize these companies to use your Personal Information for any reason other than to provide you with those specific services. If your purchases are being shipped to you, your shipping information will be shared with our delivery service providers (U.S. Postal Service, UPS, or other delivery companies we, or you, select). Our delivery service providers are asked not to use your Personal Information for any purpose other than making the delivery.
Sale of Business In the event that Vianda or some of our assets are sold or transferred, or used as security, your Personal Information may be transferred to third parties as part of that transaction.
Disclosures of Personal Information in Legal Proceedings If Vianda or any of our Service Providers is requested by law enforcement officials or judicial authorities to provide Personal Information on individual users, Vianda, or the applicable Service Provider may, without your consent, provide such information. In matters involving claims of personal or public safety, Vianda, or the applicable Service Provider, may provide your Personal Information to appropriate authorities without your consent or court process. Vianda or our Service Providers also will provide your Personal Information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or in litigation involving Vianda, the applicable Service Provider, or otherwise as required by law. We may also disclose Personal Information to assist in debt collection where you owe a debt to us.
Privacy Preferences / Opt-Out You may change your marketing preferences or remove yourself from our mailing list by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you or by contacting us at: Vianda, Regulatory Affairs — 11260 Cornell Park Drive, Suite 706, Cincinnati, OH 45242, or by e-mailing us at privacyconcerns@viandalife.com
Information Sharing Disclosure Requests If you are a California resident, you have the right to request one Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure per year which will identify the third parties with whom Vianda or any of our affiliates has shared the Personal Information we have collected from you. You may request the Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure by writing to Vianda, Regulatory Affairs — 11260 Cornell Park Drive, Suite 706, Cincinnati, OH 45242, or by e-mailing us at privacyconcerns@viandalife.com. We will respond to your request for a Notice of Information-Sharing Disclosure within 30 days.
Additional Information about Our Websites
Visiting Our Websites In general, you can visit our Websites without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. The kinds of information we collect from you will vary, depending on how you use our Websites.
In addition to the information you choose to submit, our systems are set up to gather certain anonymous data to help us better understand how our Websites are being used and how we can improve them. We collect the IP (Internet Protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Websites and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system, and average time spent on our Websites.
Cookies and Tracer Tags Our Websites use a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Websites can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. All pages on our Websites where you are prompted to log in, or that are customizable, require that you accept cookies. If you have registered with our Websites, these cookies (1) may let us know who you are, (2) are necessary to access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver products and personalized services, and (3) will provide us and our Service Providers with information that we will use to personalize our Websites in accordance with your preferences. Cookies are also required to optimize your shopping experience in that they allow you to add multiple items to your shopping cart before checking out. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, should you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Websites. Tracer Tags: Our Websites may also use a technology called "tracer tags". These may also be referred to as "Clear GIFs" or "Web Beacons". This technology allows us to understand which pages you visit on our Websites. These tracer tags are used to help us optimize and tailor our Websites for you and other future website visitors.
Security of Personal Information We maintain administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of Personal Information in our custody and control. We also are committed to employing reasonable technology in order to protect the security of our Websites. However, even with the best technology, no website is 100% secure. We will take reasonable measures which we believe are appropriate to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction, and where possible, will ask that any third parties to whom we may transfer such information to take comparable steps to protect that security.
Secure Shopping When you place orders on our Websites, all of your order information, including your card number and delivery address, is transmitted through the Internet using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. SSL technology causes your browser to encrypt your order information before transmitting it to our secure server. SSL technology, an industry standard, is designed to prevent someone other than operators of our Website from capturing and viewing your Personal Information. Since any order information you provide to us on our Websites will be transmitted using a secure connection, if your Web browser cannot support this level of security, you will not be able to order products through our Websites.
Our Privacy Statement and Outside Links This Privacy Statement only applies to our various Websites. Our Websites may include links to the websites of our business partners, vendors, and advertisers. These other sites are outside of our control. Please be aware that these websites may collect information about you, and operate according to their own privacy practices, which may differ from those contained in our Privacy Statement. Remember to consult that website's own privacy policy; as once you are outside any of our Websites, any information you submit is no longer in our control.
Privacy Statement Modifications From time to time we may modify or amend this Privacy Statement in order to comply with new laws or regulations, or to reflect future changes in our business practices. Any changes to our policies will be communicated in this page, so please check back on occasion. We may also post a notice on our Website or send an email describing the changes.
Contacting Us If you have any questions about our handling of Personal Information, please contact us at Vianda, Regulatory Affairs, 9898 Windisch Rd, West Chester, OH, 45069, or e-mail us at privacyconcerns@viandalife.com. Alternatively, you may call us toll-free at 1-866-834-1715.
Last Updated 2020.
×
×
OK
Categories
Shop Avlimil
All Shop Avlimil
Try Sorbera
Home
Categories
Account
Contact
customercare@viandalife.com
Order by Phone: 866-834-1720
More
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create Account