http://www.equestriancollections.com/privacyPolicy
Home
0
Added To Your BagX
Price
Qty
0 Items In Bag
Subtotal 0.00
Checkout
Sign In
877-872-4415
Shop By Category
Plus Size Riding ApparelMen's Riding BootsBarn & StableWestern Tack & EquipmentSale RackJewelry, Gifts & HomeKids Riding ApparelEnglish SaddlesEnglish Horse TackKids Riding BootsLadies Riding ApparelRider GearHorse Blankets, Sheets, CoolersFly & Insect ControlLadies Riding BootsHorse DewormersHorse HealthcareMen's Riding ApparelHorse Equipment
Privacy Policy
Updated June 19, 2018.
This privacy policy is in effect as of the date listed above on this page. We reserve the right to change this policy, but the current privacy policy will remain in effect until changes, modifications, additions, or deletions from this privacy policy have been posted to this site. New privacy policies will go into effect immediately upon the posting of the policy to this site.
1. Commitment To Your Privacy
EquestrianCollections.com respects your privacy and your desire to understand how your information will be handled and used. This policy explains how we collect, use and store your information. The purpose of this updated Privacy Policy is to clarify how we gather and use your information, as well as explain how we to allow you make changes to your account. Our goal is to empower you to make the best decisions about the information that you share with us.
Choice Brands Unlimited, LLC, a Pennsylvania, USA Corporation, doing business as, EquestrianCollections.com, hereafter referred to as (“CBU”, “Company,” “us,” or “we”) respects the privacy of visitors to the CBU website, www.EquestrianCollections.com and related sites or mobile apps collectively referred to as the “website” or “site”. This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy” or “policy”) is an agreement between CBU and you (“you”), the user. Descriptive headings contained herein are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning of this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy does not extend to anything beyond the control of CBU, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. This online Privacy Policy only applies to information collected through this site.
All activities in which you may engage on this website are voluntary. You are not required to provide any personal information to CBU unless you choose to access certain features on this site, such as registering or placing an order, which require personal information. However, when you use the website, other types of information may be collected about you and your usage.
2. No Use Of This Site By Persons Under 18 Permitted
2.1. We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age.
We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
2.2. CBU intends only persons who are 18 years or older to use this website unless under the guidance of the minor’s legal guardian.
Any general information provided by a person under the age of 18 and gathered (for example, through the use of cookies) during his or her visit may be used as indicated in this policy.
CBU is committed to protecting the privacy of children and has no intention of collecting personal data from children under the age of 18. We encourage parents and guardians of children under 18 to regularly check and monitor their children’s use of e-mail and other activities online.
3. What Information Is Collected Automatically Upon Visit to EquestrianCollections.com and How Is It Used?
When visiting our site, we collect information about your device to ensure we can continue to drive innovation and improve usability to benefit your online shopping experience. Information can be collected through your IP address (enables us to identify your computer or device, but does not tell us who you are), clickstream data (server address, domain name), Universal Event Tracking (UET, provides online ads and remarketing campaigns), and through cookies (small text files that are stored within your internet browser by the websites that you visit).
These pieces of information may be combined with other information you provide to us (such as by creating an account on our website). This will allow us to learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on a personal level, to better understand our users’ interests and needs, so we can improve our products and services, and deliver the type of content, features, and promotions that will be of greatest interest to you.
3.1. Universal Event Tracking (UET) and Personalized, or Interest Based Advertising
CBU participates in online ad and remarketing campaigns through the Bing Ads network, which is a Microsoft Company. As a company that advertises through Bing Ads, a small snippet of computer code is added to each webpage called a, “universal event tracking tag” (“UET”). This UET enables Microsoft to identify user visits to the CBU website, then allows CBU to segment users to optimize marketing campaigns by creating remarketing lists based on user activity on the website. This type of advertising is commonly known as “interest based advertising”. Interest based advertising allows CBU to offer products and services we feel would be of greatest interest to you.
Bing requires you to be notified that individual end user tracking and data sharing with third parties for the purpose of advertising and marketing is taking place on the CBU website. These remarketing lists will only be used by CBU and will not be shared with any third parties or any other advertisers or partners, and not otherwise used by Microsoft for any purpose not described in this policy or the Microsoft, Bing Ads policies.
We respect the sensitivity of certain types of data of our users and do not create marketing lists based on data considered sensitive such as but not limited to, health information, personal identification numbers or sexual orientation. In addition, we do not create marketing lists or otherwise profile any individuals under the age of 13, or other age restrictions as required by law.
If you want to “opt out” of interest based advertising, the next section called “Opting out of interest based advertising” provides further direction.
3.2. Opting Out Of Interest Based Advertising
You may “opt out” of interest based advertising by going to each of these websites and following the directions to opt out: NAI consumer opt-out page and the DAA opt-out page. Opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the NAI member company or companies from which you opted out will no longer customize ads based on your interests and web usage patterns using cookie-based technology.
3.3. How We Respond To "Do Not Track" Disclosures
We are strongly committed to not sharing non-public information with third parties. Under this Privacy Policy, we may share your information only under particular situations, as described in this Policy. Because we protect all users in this manner, we do not change our behavior in response to a web browser's “do not track” signal.
3.4. Cookie Types
EquestrianCollections.com uses 3 types of cookies. Essential cookies are cookies that are required for the proper functioning of our website. Third-party cookies are cookies provided by carefully selected third-parties. Analytic cookies help us understand how visitors are using our website and to help us make improvements.
Examples of how our Essential Cookies are used include:
Storing how many items are in your cart
Determining whether you are signed into your account or not
Maintaining your logged in status during your shopping session after you log in
Determining which currency we should display to you based on your location
Allowing you to move back and forth between browser screens (when clicking the back button).
Learning more about how you arrived at our website
Storing your preferences so you don’t have to enter them each time you visit.
Carefully-selected third-party cookies are used on our website to provide us with information on how you use EquestrianCollections.com. These cookies may also be used to promote our newest products and latest offers to you on other websites based on your activity at EquestrianCollections.com.
For example, you may see products that you viewed at EquestrianCollections.com presented on other websites as you move around the internet. Some of our partners will use your location to provide more relevant messaging.
Analytics cookies help us study, then improve, how customers interact with our website. They also help us know how many visitors visit our website, how many times they visit EquestrianCollections.com and how many times a user viewed specific web pages within our site. Although analytics cookies allow us to gather specific information about the pages that you visit and whether you have visited EquestrianCollections.com multiple times, we cannot use them to find out details such as your name or address.
Examples of these cookies include, but are not limited to:
Google Analytics
Adobe Analytics
User Replay
Managing and Opting Out of Cookie Use on Your Device
All popular browsers (e.g. Chrome, Firefox, Edge and Safari) allow you to amend your cookie settings so that cookies are no longer enabled across all websites that you visit, or you may choose to have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. If you do not want to accept cookies from EquestrianCollections.com, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you choose to do this, please be aware EquestrianCollections.com may no longer function as intended, and you may lose access to some of our website’s features. See your browser’s documentation on how to adjust your cookie preferences.
4. Information Collected When You Create an Account and Log In
When you create an account, we collect your email address, name,  a password for use to log in, and your host string (who your internet network provider is and their location). From your account, you will be able to manage settings for editing your shipping addresses, shipping update notification preferences, wishlists, and other features.
Each time you log in, we collect the date/time you logged in, IP address, user agent string (information about what device operating system, browser version, etc.), and host string.
5. Information Collected When You Use Place an Order
When you make a purchase on EquestrianCollections.com, we will collect information about you to ensure we can fulfill your order and provide email updates regarding the status of your order. This information will include your name, contact details, delivery address, payment information, and IP address (to prevent fraudulent transactions). This information may be shared with third-party processors as needed to complete your order. Credit card information is NOT stored by CBU at any time.
You will be offered the opportunity to use our guest checkout path, or to create an online account on our website. In order to register an online account, we will ask you for your email address, name, and a password. You will also be asked to create a password.
If you choose to place an order via guest checkout, but have a current account with us that uses the same email address, we will automatically add those order details to your account dashboard so you can conveniently see those details the next time you log into our website.
CBU uses third-party processors to process credit card payments, provide international checkout options, detect fraudulent activity, provide shipping services, and request feedback on your order. We will share your personal information with these providers only as needed to process your order with us. Additionally, if an item that you order is drop shipped by the manufacturer, we may send your name, address, email address and phone number to our shipping vendor, allowing you to access their online delivery scheduling system. Our vendor does not share your personal information with third parties; it is used strictly to coordinate and complete your shipment. Items are drop shipped by CBU’s discretion in order to provide you with the quickest shipping response that we can provide to you.
CBU and/or related third-party processors may contact you via phone, text message (if you choose) or email as needed to confirm your order, notify you of your order’s status, and request feedback on your purchase.
6. Marketing Preferences
You may edit your marketing preferences at any time by visiting your preference center by clicking “update preferences” in any marketing email that you receive. You may choose to provide information in addition to your email address (such as date of birth, gender, etc.) This information is used solely for providing marketing that will be more likely to be of interest to you.
7. Other Personal Information We May Collect
You may also provide other personal information which includes information that pertains to your identity. Such information may include, but is not limited to, items such as your name, address, date of birth, age, gender, email address, telephone number, or credit card or debit card number. You may be required to provide personal information to access or use certain parts of our website or features of the site. If you do not provide the requested personal information, you may not be able to access or use the features of the site where such information is requested.
7.1. Information you provide using certain features on our website including Product Reviews and Product Q&As on our product pages may be published to our website and are available for public viewing. This may include a name/nickname that you choose to provide to us.  This information may also be shared with third parties to provide a service to our website. Please use discretion in what type of information you provide using these features.
7.2. As always, contact made via our “Contact Us” page via email or chat are private, and are not published anywhere. Phone calls made to EquestrianCollections.com are recorded for quality assurance and are tracked to provide information regarding what items you may have been viewing when you called us. Specific call recordings may be stored for up to 180 days.
8. Information Security
We take our customers’ personal information seriously and take steps to protect our customers' personal information against loss, misuse, alteration and unauthorized access. We use encryption technology whenever receiving and transferring your payment information on our website. We never store any of your financially sensitive data including credit card numbers, secret codes, or credentials used through a 3rd party payment service.
When you make a purchase online, either a solid key or a locked padlock icon will appear in the lower right of your browser window. This icon indicates that your transaction session is secured through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). If one of these icons does not appear, please contact EquestrianCollections.com at 1-800-8-SADDLE to complete your purchase.
Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While CBU strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online. By using this site, you expressly acknowledge and agree that we do not guarantee the security of any data provided to or received by us through this site and that any personal information, general information, or other data or information received from you through the site is provided to us at your own risk, which you expressly assume, however, if we receive notification that a data breach has occurred, we will notify you promptly as stated in GDPR guidelines.
9. Lawful Release Of Information
CBU will release personal, general or other information without your consent for security purposes, when required by law, or to prevent imminent harm to any person or entity. We will disclose whatever information required upon receipt of a court order or subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, which may include responding to requests and court orders from jurisdictions outside the United States. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities.
We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful, as determined in our sole discretion. Release of your personal data for security purposes, as described in this agreement to any person or entity under any circumstances shall be based on a determination made solely by us, exercising our own discretion, permission for which is expressly granted by you to us in accordance with this policy.
10. Your Right To Access, Rectify, and Deletion Of Your Personal Data
10.1. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
CBU is committed to protecting the privacy of children and has no intention of collecting personal data from children under the age of 18. We encourage parents and guardians of children under 18 to regularly check and monitor their children’s use of e-mail and other activities online.
You (or the parent/guardian of children under the age of 18) control the personal data you share with us.  You can access or rectify this data at any time. You can also deactivate your account.
We provide you tools to object, restrict, or withdraw consent where applicable for the use of data you have provided to us, and we make the data you shared through our website portable and provide easy ways for you to contact us.
10.2. If you have registered an account on our website, we provide you with tools in your account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal data you provided to us via your “my account” section of the website. We encourage you promptly to update your personal information when it changes.
11. Opting Out, Updating, Or Deleting Your Account
You may cancel your account at any time, and you may opt out of receiving non-transactional emails from CBU by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link on any marketing email that you receive.
Additionally, you can choose to view, modify, or delete all of your personal information that is not stored on our website, except for that information which is necessary to keep in order to comply with state and federal, or international law. To do this, please contact our Privacy Compliance Manager at privacy@EquestrianCollections.com with your specific request. Please include in the subject of your email the words “My Account” and your country’s name so we can direct your request to the proper representative.
If you wish to utilize your rights under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation please contact our Privacy Compliance Manager with your specific request. Please include “GDPR” and your country’s name in the subject of your email.
12. Question Or Comments
If you have any questions or comments relating to our website or the Privacy Policy, how we collect or process your personal data, or anything else related to our privacy practices, please contact:
Privacy Compliance ManagerChoice Brands Unlimited, LLC (dba - EquestrianCollections.com)254 North Cedar StreetHazleton, PA 18201privacy@EquestrianCollections.com
13. How We May Use Your Information
We will use the personal information you provide CBU in combination with, general information, click stream data, cookies, UET tags, and additional sources of information, to, analyze visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on a personal level to better understand the users interests and needs, so we can improve our products and services and deliver the type of content, features and promotions that will be of greatest interest to you which include but are not limited to; information or materials via e-mail about products, offers, and news we think might interest you; efforts to administer a promotion, survey or other offering to provide you with relevant products or services (for example, to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest) we believe would be of interest to you; and from time to time we may share your information with select partners, subsidiaries or others we feel would enhance your experience on the CBU website or offer you products and services that would be of interest to you.
14. Information Sharing
Information sharing can provide a valuable type of consumer networking. By helping to make new connections and introduce new resources to our customers, you may discover new opportunities and products compatible with your interests and needs. With that end in mind, information may be shared with other select companies whose products and services you may find useful. Information sharing also helps us to guard against potential fraud and other wrongdoing. We review transactions internally on a regular basis to identify potential concerns, and we partner with select outside companies to further enhance our ability to ensure that fraudulent orders and/or potentially damaging worms, viruses and other types of malware do not interfere with our ability to provide the best possible products, value and services to you and to our other valued customers.
15. Information Sharing Choices
We appreciate and respect that not all customers may wish to benefit from the opportunity to share information with other select companies. If you do not want CBU to share your personal information for marketing purposes, please immediately contact us and we will remove your name from lists we share with other companies. When contacting us, please clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, email address and phone number so we can verify that it is you who is contacting us.
After we process your request, your personal information will no longer be shared for marketing purposes. It is important to understand that with some companies or online partners, your information must be shared in order to receive their services. Opting out of sharing your information for marketing purposes will not prevent your relevant information from being provided to shippers when you order products for delivery or from other sharing for non-marketing purposes. Similarly, this will not prevent us from sharing information as and to the extent it is combined or aggregated (in a non-personally identified manner) or otherwise analyzed by us, or our Service Providers.
16. Third Party Service Providers
Some of our services are provided to you through contractual arrangements we have with affiliates, services providers, partners and other third parties (collectively, “service partners”). Our service partners may use your personal information to operate our sites and to deliver their services. For example, your data may be transferred to website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in designing and operating the website, executing services (such as for prize fulfillment), or helping us analyze collected data. We will encourage our service partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by our service partners is governed by the privacy policies of those service partners and is not subject to our control. As such, you expressly agree to hold CBU harmless for any damages you sustain as a result of information shared with third parties under this agreement.
17. Links To Third Parties
For your convenience and to improve the usage of the website we may insert links to third parties on this site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to such third party websites. These links take you outside our service and off of the CBU website and such links are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use CBU 's logos as part of a co-branding agreement. The sites those links can take you to have their own separate Privacy Policy and although we seek to protect the integrity of our site, CBU is not liable for the content and activities of those sites. Your visits and access to such websites is at your own risk. Please note that those other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.