http://www.dancedirect.com/other-policies
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info
Dancewear Dance Shoes Uniforms Accessories Gymnastics Costumes Revolution Christmas Clearance
Dancewear
Leotards
Leotards Fashion Dancewear Catsuits & Unitards Black Leotards View All
Tutus & Skirts
Ballet Skirts & Tutus Character Skirts & Tunics Tutus Tutu Skirts View All
Tops
T-Shirts & Casual Tops Crop Tops & Vests Crossovers View All
Legwear
Dance Pants & Leggings Shorts & Hot Pants Leg Warmers View All
Ballroom
Dancewear Mens & Boys Tops Accessories View All
Men & Boys
Leotards Legwear Ballroom T-Shirts & Tops View All
Warm Ups
T-Shirts & Tops Leggings, Pants & Shorts Cardigans & Hoodies All-in-One View All
Dance Underwear
Tights & Socks Dance Bras Dance Briefs & Thongs Body Stockings View All
Dance Fitness
Capezio - Activewear Collection
Dansez - Healthy Seas Collection Leggings Fitness Bras View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes
Leather Ballet Shoes Canvas Ballet Shoes Satin Ballet Shoes Pointe Shoes View All
Jazz Shoes
Leather Jazz Shoes Canvas Jazz Shoes PU & Mesh Jazz Shoes Full Sole Jazz Shoes View All
Tap Shoes
Leather Tap Shoes Canvas Tap Shoes PU Tap Shoes Low Heel Tap Shoes View All
Character Shoes
Leather Character Shoes Canvas Character Shoes PU Character Shoes Low Heel Character Shoes View All
Contemporary Shoes
Foot Thongs Warm Up Booties View All
Mens Dance Shoes
Mens Ballet Shoes Mens Ballroom Shoes Mens Character Shoes Mens Jazz Shoes View All
Uniforms
Associated Board of Dance International Dance Teachers Association Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing National Association of Teachers of Dancing
Royal Academy Of Dance United Kingdom Alliance United Teachers of Dance
Accessories
Costume Accessories
Animal Masks, Ears & Tails Bandanas Belts & Braces Boas View All
Dance Accessories
Dance Bags Dance Gifts Hair Accessories Feet & Body Accessories View All
Gymnastics
Gymnastics Leotards Gymnastics Shorts Gymnastics Tops
Gymnastics Skirts
Costumes
60s, 70s & 80s Around The World Animals & Bugs Boys Costumes Broadway Clowns Cowboys, Cowgirls & Native Americans Fairies Fairytales & Make Believe Flappers, Gangsters & Molls Pirates & Sailors Pop Stars, Punk & Street Rock & Roll Seasonal Spooky Uniforms & Military Wartime & Period
Ballet Boys Costumes Debut & First Performance Jazz & Tap Lyrical & Contemporary
Tutus Two In Ones Urban & Commercial
Revolution
Costumes
Ballet Character Contemporary + Lyrical Debut View All
Dancewear
Leotards Dresses Tights + Underwear Skirts + Bottoms View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes Jazz Shoes Tap Shoes Contemporary Shoes View All
Christmas
Gifts Stocking Fillers Under £10 Under £20
Dancewear Dance Bags Dance at Home
Clearance
Dancewear
Leotards Leggings & Shorts Skirts T-Shirts & Tops View All
Costumes
Ballet Contemporary & Lyrical Debut Gentlemen View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes Ballroom Shoes Jazz Shoes Tap Shoes View All
Accessories
Costume Accessories Dance Accessories View All
Gymnastics
Gymnastics Leotards Gymnastics Tops Gymnastics Shorts View All
Free UK Returns
Free Delivery on orders over £40
< View All Home
Home
Other Policies
Other Policies
Covid - 19 Dance Direct  is committed to the highest standards of Health and Safety to ensure we are COVID secure. We regularly update our procedures and are in full compliance with UK Government guidelines.
Control measures already implemented;
Risk assessments – evaluation of risk levels and incorporating control measures
Safe systems of work – safe method of working; this includes one way systems, compartmentalised packing stations, floor signage and even a personal waist kit bag containing a hand sanitiser and stationery.
Hygiene etiquette – education on the importance of hand washing and personal hygiene
Information posters – guidance on COVID19 awareness
Hand sanitising stations – installed at all entrance and exits
Hygiene screens – compartmentalised pods to maximise personal protection
One-way systems – to minimise contact between team members
Personal protective equipment – if safe distancing cannot be achieved, face masks and disposable gloves are used.
Independent audit – external auditors have reviewed and documented report.
In addition to these comprehensive arrangements we continue to react in accordance with the latest COVID-19 UK Government guidance.
On behalf of the business and team we thank you for your continued custom and support during these times and look forward to welcoming you back to our even safer business.
Corporate & Social Responsibility
Behaving Responsibly
Dance Direct (DD) has a long tradition of doing the right things for the right reasons. Since Cedric Grosjean started the business over 20 years ago, we have sought to do business in the correct and proper way.
Doing business the right way means more than being fair with your customers and staff, it means being a good citizen, behaving in an ethical manner in all aspects of the world we live in.
We at DD believe we operate in a very principled way, and would like to share some of our initiatives with you.
Ethical Business
Honesty and respect
We believe in dealing in an open and honest manner with our customers and staff. We treat everyone we come into contact with in a respectful manner.
Ethical sourcing
DD seeks to be an ethical organisation which only uses suppliers of the highest reputation and quality standards. If any allegations are made against a supplier in relation to the unfair or illegal treatment of workers, DD shall investigate the allegation and work with that supplier in resolving any issues.
Our Commitment to Privacy
At DD, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We welcome the changes to the data protection laws which we believe will bring about positive changes for organisations and individuals. We have been updating our policies and procedures to bring them in line with the new General Data Protection Regulation.
We will only use your information in line with our Privacy Policy. So for example, we use the information we collect about you to process orders and to inform you about developments. When you order, we need to know your name, email address, delivery address, credit or debit card details which allows us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of your order status. We also ask for your telephone number, this lets us contact you urgently if there is a problem with your order.
The law requires us to keep your data safe and secure and all data provided to DD is treated with the utmost sensitivity. Data is coded using advanced techniques and is transferred via a maximum safety connection (SSL). Any account information provided can only be read by DD authorised computer terminals and staff.
We may use your shopping history to help us advise you about merchandise that might interest you. We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the website and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please send an email to e-mail(?) and you can also unsubscribe at any time using the links at the bottom of the emails we send you.
We only share your personal information with companies who provide services to us. For example when taking address details from you we do not pass these to third party companies other than for the purposes of delivery via carriers. We never share your email address or any telephone numbers given to us with third parties for marketing purposes.
If you would like to see our Privacy Policy, it is available here(link). It gives you important information about how we use your personal data, who we may share it with and your rights.
Environmental Sustainability
Commitment to Environmental Management
The Proprietors of DD have resolved that environmental responsibility is important to them and their business. The business and its senior managers and employees will therefore promote that responsibility and develop sustainable practices throughout the business.
Our Policy is to:
Wholly support and comply with or exceed the requirements of current environmental legislation and codes of practice.
Minimise our waste and then re-use or recycle as much of it as possible.
Minimise energy and water usage in our buildings, vehicles and processes in order to conserve supplies and minimise our consumption of natural resources especially where they are non-renewable.
Operate and maintain company vehicles with due regard to environmental issues as far as reasonably practical and encourage the use of alternate means of transport and car sharing as appropriate.
Apply the principles of continuous improvement in respect of air, water, noise and light pollution from our premises and reduce any impacts from our operations on the environment and local community.
As far as possible purchase products and services that do the least damage to the environment and encourage others to do the same.
Assess the environmental impacts of any new processes or products we intend to introduce in advance.
Ensure that all employees and outside contractors understand our environmental policy and conform to the high standards it requires.
Address complaints about any breach of an environmental policy promptly and to the satisfaction of all concerned.
Update our environmental policy annually in consultation with staff, associates and customers.
Ensure that our policy is available to the public.
Use of Recycled Material and Recycling
We are very aware of our impact on the environment and aim to keep waste to a minimum in both the products we sell, and the products we use.
We also have in place a strict recycling policy in the office, with separate bins around the building for different recyclable materials, from paper to ink cartridges and batteries.
Paper
We use recycled or sustainable (PEFC or FSC) paper for all our corporate stationery, and monitor its usage to ensure our waste is reduced.
All paper or card we purchase should be recyclable or biodegradable.
We recycle all of our office paper, shredding all confidential documents. All non-confidential paper is recycled by the local council.
Packaging
Our cardboard boxes are 100% recycled. The tape we use is paper rather than plastic to aid in recycling by our customers.
All cardboard packaging we receive is flattened and recycled.
IT Equipment
We recycle all of our ink toner cartridges in special bins around the building.
All non-repairable electrical and electronic appliances are disposed of in accordance with WEEE regulations.
Data Cleansing
Currently, we mail one catalogue a year and several printed marketing pieces. Through more efficient data management we have been able to reduce the amount of wasted catalogues, and marketing literature. As our customers become more comfortable shopping on the internet, our ability to reduce paper increases and we monitor how we use this medium carefully.
Energy and Water
Our offices are heated and cooled by a centrally controlled system set on a summer/winter schedule. Any changes to the settings have to be approved by the Health and Safety Co-ordinator.
We ask all team members with access to computers to switch off their machines when not in use. All machines are checked prior to the building being locked up at night.
All staff are responsible for turning off lights that are not on motion sensors. All small electrical appliances are monitored and switched off accordingly.
Transport
We have a green transport policy in place and encourage the use of public transport, car pools, cycling and walking where possible. This includes a pool bicycle for staff usage, and all information is on notice boards in the staff room and on the company intranet.
Our company vehicles are regularly serviced and are checked for fuel efficiency, catalytic converter efficiency, emissions and battery life.
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Data Retention Policy
GDPR Statement
Image Licence
Other Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns