http://www.abbyshot.com/pages/terms-of-use
icon-account
icon-glass
Close menu
Main Menu
All Our Gear
Outlander
See More
All
Claire Fraser
Jamie Fraser
Tartan
Knitted Goods
Coats & Jackets
Accessories
Sale
Contact Us
Shop By Interest
AbbyShot
Doctor Who
Outlander
Firefly
Jay & Silent Bob
Once Upon A Time
My Account
Log in
Create account
"Close Cart"
Currency
USD
GBP
CAD
AUD
EUR
Connect
info@abbyshot.com
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Terms of Use
This website is operated by AbbyShot Clothiers Limited (“AbbyShot”).
Throughout the site, the terms “we,” “us” and “our” refer to AbbyShot. AbbyShot offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
Your access and use of this or any other publicly accessed site maintained by AbbyShot linked to this Legal Notice (collectively, the “Sites”) is your responsibility and indicates your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions and our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these conditions of use, please do not access or use our Sites.
AbbyShot may revise and update these Terms and Conditions and/or our Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued usage of or access to the Sites will indicate your acceptance of those changes so please revisit them regularly (sounds terrible, we know, but required!). These Terms and Conditions must be read by you along with any other terms, conditions or disclaimers located throughout the Sites.
You are responsible for complying with any local laws that are applicable in your jurisdiction.
All products and services provided and advertised by AbbyShot are subject to any other applicable terms and conditions governing their use. Our online store is hosted on Shopify. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. We also use PayPal and Authorize.net to process payments. Depending on what you choose as your payment method, you will be bound by the terms and conditions of the payment processor.
Copyright
AbbyShot authorizes you to view, print, copy and distribute material on the Sites provided that:
(a) the information may be used internally (by you or any third party to whom you distribute it) only for informational, non-commercial purposes;
(b) no fee may be charged for distribution of any information to any third party; and
(c) any and all copyright or other proprietary notices that appear herein including “© Copyright 2019, AbbyShot Clothiers Limited. All rights reserved,” together with this Legal Notice, must appear on all copies that you make or distribute.
The content on the Sites is protected by Canadian and foreign copyright laws. Any use of the content not expressly permitted in these Terms and Conditions is a breach and may violate copyright and other laws.
Disclaimers
(1) Any product, process or technology published on the Sites may be the subject of Intellectual Property rights reserved by AbbyShot, its subsidiaries or licensors, or its suppliers, and are not licensed under this agreement.
(2) All information provided via the Sites, including, without limitation, any AbbyShot or its subsidiaries’ or suppliers products, software programs, software code, offerings or programs, or other technical or marketing materials (collectively, “Information”) is intended for informational purposes only and is subject to change or withdrawal by AbbyShot at any time without notice. AbbyShot assumes no responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the Information. THE INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CURRENTNESS, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. ABBYSHOT FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITES OR THE INFORMATION PROVIDED HEREIN. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. IN NO EVENT WILL ABBYSHOT BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR OTHER CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES FOR ANY USE OF THE SITES, THE INFORMATION, OR ON ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA ON YOUR INFORMATION HANDLING SYSTEM OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ABBYSHOT IS EXPRESSLY ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
AbbyShot assumes no liability for or relating to the delay, failure, interruption or corruption of any data or other information transmitted in connection with your use of the Sites.
Intellectual Property Rights
AbbyShot’s logo and AbbyShot brand and product names referenced herein are either registered trademarks or trademarks of AbbyShot or its licensors or suppliers. All other brand and product names mentioned herein are trademarks of their respective owners.
Unless expressly provided otherwise by AbbyShot, all comments, feedback, information or materials submitted to AbbyShot through or in association with the Sites shall be considered non-confidential and AbbyShot’s property. By submitting such comments, feedback, information or materials to AbbyShot, you agree to a no-charge assignment to AbbyShot of all worldwide rights, title and interest in copyrights and other intellectual property rights to the comments, feedback, information or materials. AbbyShot shall be free to use, copy or distribute such comments, feedback, information or materials on an unrestricted basis without accounting to you.
Acceptable use of the Sites
The moral of the story? Be a good person and you don’t have to worry! If you insist on contemplating something not so good, know that you must not:
(a) use our website in any way or take any action that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the performance, availability or accessibility of the website;
(b) use our website in any way that is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity;
(c) use our website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software;
(d) conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to our website without our express written consent;
(e) access or otherwise interact with our website using any robot, spider or other automated means;
(f) use data collected from our website for any direct marketing activity (including without limitation email marketing, SMS marketing, telemarketing and direct mailing).
You must not use data collected from our website to contact individuals, companies or other persons or entities (who wants spam from strangers? No one!), and you must ensure that all the information you supply to us through our website, or in relation to our website, is true, accurate, current, complete and non-misleading (please & thank you).
Links to Third Party Sites
The Sites may contain hyperlinks to other Web Sites controlled by parties other than AbbyShot. AbbyShot is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents or use of these Web Sites.
Statutory and Regulatory Disclosures
Our VAT number is 173 0017 47
Contact
Questions? You have many ways to reach us. You can contact us by email to info@abbyshot.com.
© AbbyShot, 2019. All rights reserved.