https://www.nationalmailboxes.com/national-mailboxes-privacy-policy/
Home /
At National Mailboxes, we protect your personal information as stated in this National Mailboxes privacy policy. Our parent company, NMHP Inc., owns information collected on this site and will never sell or rent this information. We will not share it in ways different from what is described in this statement unless you authorize us to do so.
Google Analytics, Remarketing, & Social Media NMHP, Inc. utilizes search and event analytics on its sites in order to improve user experience. This is a standard online practice for measuring the number of users and daily interactions with pages on a site. As with Yahoo! Analytics, this data is anonymous: no personal data is tracked or recorded. At its sole discretion, NMHP, Inc. may use the email addresses of customers who have completed purchases on its sites to advertise via remarketing platforms like Google AdWords, Bing Ads, Facebook Ads, Twitter Ads, and other marketing platforms. Please see the section titled Your Personal Information below for more details. To opt out of periodic emails or online remarketing lists, see our section entitled How to Opt Out of Periodic Emails and Remarketing Lists. To opt out of Google Analytics, you must download and install this web extension by Google.
Cookies & IP Addresses
The National Mailboxes is firmly committed to our customer’s privacy. Like many sites, we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and provide a better web experience. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and gather general demographic information. We use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and for other purposes like personalizing the site. Cookies are a small piece of information stored by your internet browser to your computer’s hard drive. Your browser is usually set up to initially accept cookies. If you set your browser to reject cookies, the site will not be able to recognize your cart, your account, or any personalization. We do not and cannot use cookies to gather your confidential information that may be stored on your hard drive. The National Mailboxes also uses web beacons as a means to deliver us cookies in order to determine whether and how many times our web pages have been browsed. Third Party advertisers also help us display tailored content to our customers and serve ads on our behalf. These advertisers may also utilize cookies and/or web beacons to measure effectiveness, efficiencies, etc. of the sites.
External Links
This site contains links to other websites. The National Mailboxes is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites.
Your Personal Information
Our site uses forms for you to request information, products and services. We collect your contact information, including but not limited to: addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, and financial information. Collected information remains secure and is used for the benefit of The National Mailboxes to send information to customers about orders, to fulfill orders, to process and collect payments, to send promotional marketing material about our company and partners either via email or through social media networks (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.), and to contact customers about orders when necessary. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our sites (see the section above titled Google Analytics, Remarketing, and Social Media). We use this data to tailor your experiences at our sites, to show you content that we think you might be interested in, and to display the content according to your preferences.
How to Opt Out of Periodic Emails & Remarketing Lists
To opt out of our periodic emails, simply click the “Unsubscribe” option in the footer of the email you received. We take all requests to be removed from marketing lists seriously and make every effort to abide by our customers’ wishes within the limitations of our Privacy Policy.
Please note: ads displayed on Google, Bing, Facebook, Twitter, and other networks are based on the user’s search history — this means that even if you have unsubscribed from our marketing lists, you may still see our ads online depending on your web searches and web history.
Third-Party Service Providers
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance such as tailoring content on our sites and serving ads on our behalf, providing search results and links, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.Customer information is considered to be an asset of NMHP, Inc. and as such may be transferred to another company as part of an acquisition of The National Mailboxes.
Security Information
This Website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When you send sensitive information (such as your credit card number) to us via our order form, that information is encrypted and protected with SSL, the current industry-standard encryption protocol. When you are on such an SSL-protected page, a picture of a closed lock appears at the bottom or top of some Web browsers. At other times this lock appears open. Another way to tell if you are on a secure page is to look at the address or URL of the page. (Look in the address box or right-click on the page and select “Properties”.) These secure SSL-encrypted pages have URLs that start with “https://” instead of “http://.” If you have any questions about security at our Website, please email us.
Legal Disclaimer
We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, or to comply with a legal process served on our Website.
Revision Date: 6/25/19
5 Easy Ways to Order:
1: Online Ordering: Full Product Line
2: Phone: 1-800-676-5161(Monday-Friday 8am-5pm CST)
3: Print & Fax: ORDER FORM Fax: (414) 585-9843
4: Email Us this completed ORDER FORM
5: Mail: P.O. Box 13144, Wauwatosa, WI 53213
Click here to request the Best Sellers Catalog via U.S. MailClick here to Download a Printable Version (pdf format)
Latest Posts
How the Perfect Mailbox Can Transform Your Space into Beautiful Apartments
Security Mailboxes 101: Your Locking Mailbox Questions Answered
6 Factors to Consider When Choosing Mailboxes for Businesses
7 Common Questions about Commercial Mailbox Guidelines
What Are Parcel Lockers? Why It Matters
How to Ensure Prompt Mail Delivery
8 Big Benefits of Having a Commercial Mailbox for Your Business in 2020
How Big Should Your Mailbox Be? USPS Mailbox Regulations and More
Colors apply to select mailboxes which include most of the primary USPS Approved commercial mailbox product lines including the NEW 4C Series and CBUs.All high quality powder coated finishes are rated and approved for outdoor/indoor use and installations. And all powder coated paint finish colors are weather resistant, rust proof and corrosion resistant providing decades of extended life and use.