http://www.jonrocket.com/store/support/conditions-of-use
Categories
Kits
Kits
See all
Back
By Manufacturer
By Skill Level
By Style
Accessories
Accessories
See all
Back
Altimeters
Display Stands
Launch Pads and Controllers
Motor Adapters
Tools
Books
Books
See all
Back
Rocketry Books
Space Exploration Books
Other Books
Parts
Parts
See all
Back
Baffle Kits
Body Tubes
Centering Rings
Couplers
Engine Hooks
Fins
Launch Lugs
Motor Mount Kits
Nose Blocks
Nose Cones
Recovery
Transitions
Other Parts
Launch Sets
Supplies
Supplies
See all
Back
Adhesives
Books and Catalogs
Finishing Supplies
Igniters
Recovery Wadding
Motors (Engines)
Motors (Engines)
See all
Back
By Total Impulse
By Type
By Size
Bulk Packages
Igniters
All Motors and Igniters
Other
Other
See all
Back
Apparel
Arts and Crafts
Hardware
Office Supplies
Plastic Model Kits
Toys
Basement
New
Sale
More
Contact us
Sign in
My account
Home/
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
JonRocket.com provides access to this web site for the convenience of its customers. By browsing this web site you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use which, together with our privacy policy, govern our relationship with you in relation to this web site.
The term 'JonRocket.com' (or 'JonRocket.com LLC,' 'us,' or 'we') refers to the owners of the web site. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our web site.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this web site for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Prices are subject to change at any time and some items are limited to stock on hand. We reserve the right to refuse to honor any incorrectly posted prices as we cannot account for the occasional human error.
Your use of any information or materials on this web site is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this web site meet your specific requirements.
This web site contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited without express permission.
JonRocket and JonRocket.com are trade and service marks of Roger and Bracha Smith. All other trademarks that appear on this web site are the property of their respective owners.
Unauthorized use of this web site may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
This web site also include links to other web sites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
By visiting JonRocket.com, you signify your understanding that model rockets are not toys. Children building and flying model rockets must do so under proper adult supervision. All model rocket activities should follow the Model Rocketry Safety Code.
By visiting JonRocket.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and JonRocket.com LLC.
Address
JonRocket.com
PO Box 623744
Oviedo, FL
32765
Shop
All Categories
New Products
Specials
Customer Services
Contact Us
My Account
Discount Coupons
Polices & Privacy
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Conditions of Use
Privacy
Legal
© 2020 JonRocket.com LLC
Web design by Numinix