https://www.medicalsafetyglasses.com/privacy-security/
Home
Account
Cart
All Products
Splash Safety Glasses, Safety Goggles and PPE
Laser Safety Glasses
X-Ray Radiation Leaded Eyewear | MedicalSafetyGlasses.com
Prescription Safety Glasses (SRx)
High-Rx Prescription Safety Glasses
Prescription X-Ray Radiation Leaded Safety Glasses
Prescription Laser Protective Eyewear
Laser & IPL Disposable Patient Eye Patches
X-Ray Radiation Leaded Bifocal Reading Glasses
LaserRad Combination Laser/Radiation Protective Eyewear
IPL Protective Eyewear
X-Ray Radiation Face Shield
Thyroid Shields
X-Ray Radiation Body Shields
Surgical & Dental Loupes
Radiation Medical Loupes
MRI Patient Protection
Patient Transfer Boards
Bifocal Magnification Reading Glasses
Eyeglass Cords
Eyeglass Cleaning Accessories
eGift Cards
Open box/Closeout items
Laser
Laser/Rad
Leaded
Leaded Reading
Leaded Rx
Safety Rx
High-Rx
Privacy & Security
Online Ordering Security
128 Bit SSl Encryption
All of our internet transaction processing is done using 128 bit “SSL” or “Secure Sockets Layer” channel encryption technology. 128 Bit SSL is the most advanced commercial encryption technology available. You will know that out site is secure because it will exhibit the standard SSL Icon – a closed yellow lock or key on the bottom of the right corner of your browser screen. This icon tells you that your data is securely encrypted as it is transported to our secure server. Please be aware that only the sensitive areas of our site, such as where credit card and customer information is entered, will show the SSL lock.
Our Privacy Policy
Medical Safety Glasses.com recognizes that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain about our customers is an important responsibility. This privacy notice generally describes our policy about how we treat that information.
You can freely access much of our web site without providing any personal information. Certain areas of our site, such as the shopping cart, require that you submit some personal information. We do not collect any personal information without your knowledge. We collect, maintain and use personal information you have voluntarily submitted to contact you, including via e-mail, and to respond to your comments or requests for information.
We will not sell or rent your personal information to others. We use customer information we collect only for the purposes of filling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information, enhancing the operation of our site, serving advertisements, for statistical purposes and to administer our systems.