https://www.poundsfloors.com/privacy-policy/
Questions?
Call (877) 836-6991
Customer Service
My Account
My Wishlist
Shopping Cart
0 items in cart
Home
Our products
Customer Service
Client Testimonials
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for https://www.poundsfloors.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email, the forms on the website or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Opt Out Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  Please contact us by one of the options listed in the Contact Us section on the bottom of this page.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
If you wish to review, change, delete your data or discuss any concerns you may have, please contact us by one of the options listed in the Contact Us section on the bottom of this page.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Contact Us
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Toll Free: 1-877-836-6991
In Austin, Texas: (512) 836-6990
Fax: (512) 836-3731
Email: info@poundsfloors.com
Write to Us:
Pounds Floor & Tile
8732 North Lamar
Austin, Texas 78753
For Any Inquiry/Questions
Send Us an Email
Need Help? Call Now
877-836-6991
Home
About Us
Customer Service
Our products
Client Testimonials
Contact
Copyright ©
2014 Pound Floor & Tile. All Rights Reserved
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy