https://www.opticsplanet.com/our-policy.html
Customer Service and Policy Information
email
Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsPlanet.
Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!
JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsPlanet are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
Please add "opticsplanet.com" and "https://opl.0ps.us/assets-69163122eb0/" to whitelist,
or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
Thanks!
Customer Service and Policy Information
— Page 1
Shipping and Fulfillment Update
Due to overwhelming demand, our operations are severely delayed at this time, including shipping delays. Please visit our Operational Status page for current updates. Thank you for your patience and understanding.
OpticsPlanet.com was founded in 2000 as the Destination for Gear™ and one of the largest internet retailers in the United States. Learn more about OpticsPlanet and hear from some of our loyal customers!
Secure Ordering
OpticsPlanet is committed to providing a safe and secure shopping environment for our customers. We consider the online security of your payment and personal information to be a top priority. All debit/credit card and PayPal transactions are backed by our Safe Shopping Guarantee which promises that you will never pay for any unauthorized charges made on your account by OpticsPlanet.
We are dedicated to assuring that:
All payment information, including credit card number, name, address, etc. is encrypted via Secure Socket Layout (SSL) during order checkout. SSL is industry standard technology that ensures that all information sent to us remains private and cannot be read by any third parties during transmission.
All credit card information is processed via a secure payment gateway which protects all personal information. For more information on how OpticsPlanet keeps your personal information safe, please review our Privacy Policy.
We use industry-leading secure servers that ensure that our ordering process is up-to-date, safe, and capable of protecting your personal information.
All purchases paid via PayPal at OpticsPlanet are automatically eligible for PayPal Buyer Protection and are covered against fraud for the full purchase price of your order.
Please note that in addition to placing orders online, you can always place orders for any of our items via phone.
For any additional questions or concerns about the safety and security of your personal information, please contact us.
Order Status
You can check your Order Status at any time using our handy tools. Learn more about how to use those tools and what those statuses mean by reading our
Order Status FAQ .
Pricing, Promotions, Discounts & Coupons
OpticsPlanet.com is committed to providing great deals to our customers! You can find answers to common questions on pricing, promotions, discounts and coupons as well as our policies from our Pricing Policy & FAQ section.
Shipping Policy & Free Shipping Offer
OpticsPlanet provides FREE Value Shipping to the contiguous 48 states, DC, and to all U.S. Military APO/FPO/DPO addresses on qualifying orders over $49. All other orders will be charged competitive shipping rates. For exact rates, use our convenient online shipping calculator found in the cart and in checkout.
You can find answers to common questions about shipping and our shipping policies from our Shipping Information page.
In-Stock Inventory, Availability & Backorders
OpticsPlanet offers one of the widest selections of gear you'll find anywhere, with hundreds of thousands of items in-stock in our warehouses and shipping within 1-2 days, many more items shipping quickly from our partners across the country, and the unique ability to take backorders on hard-to-find items, working tirelessly to fulfill them by working with our extensive supply chain.
If you have questions about inventory or product availability, you'll find answer in our
Inventory & Availability FAQ .
Order Cancellation
At OpticsPlanet, we know sometimes plans change, and that's why we make it easy to cancel your orders! If you decide you would no longer like an item that you ordered, you can cancel it any time before we begin preparing the item for shipment.
You can learn how to cancel your order and about our policies on our Order Cancellation information page.
Return Policy & Free Return Shipping Information
We want your experience with us to be easy and hassle-free. If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with a purchase, you may return most items within 30 days of receipt for an exchange or full refund. For your convenience, OpticsPlanet offers a FREE pre-paid shipping label for qualifying domestic returns.
Learn more about our
Return Policy & FAQ .
Payment Options
We want your shopping experience with us to be both safe and convenient. We offer a wide variety of payment options so that you can choose the one that best fits your needs. OpticsPlanet accepts most major debit and credit cards, PayPal, PayPal Credit, checks, money orders, wire transfers, purchase orders and gift certificates.
For more detailed information on our payment option policies, please read our Payment Options Information Page.
Ammunition Sales Policy
We're very excited to offer ammunition to our customers, and we hope that you share that excitement with us. We want your shopping experience with us to be the best it can be, so while you're adding ammo to your cart and planning your next trip to the range, please keep in mind that you must comply with all relevant terms of our policy located here and applicable United States federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations.
Unfortunately, we aren't able to support sales of ammunition to several locations right now, including the states of Alaska, California, Connecticut, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, Washington D.C, P.O. Boxes, and U.S. Territories. We know that's disappointing. We are working hard to do what we need to do to serve you in the future.
Please view the full Ammunition Policy here. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please feel free to contact us.
Product & Brand Specific Policies
OpticsPlanet is continuously adding new brands and categories to meet our customers' needs. Please note that certain products, brands, and programs require exceptions to our normal policies and procedures. For more information on these additional requirements, please see the following:
DEMO Product Policy
Special Made to Order Products Policy
Domestic Compliance Policy
Learn about how we comply with all federal, state, and local regulations in our Domestic Compliance Policy.
Sales Tax
Sales tax, if any, is charged based on the applicable state and local sales tax regulations and rates.
OpticsPlanet withholds sales tax as required by law; these laws are subject to change. In addition, OpticsPlanet reserves the right to change this policy as needed.
Sales tax does not apply when placing an order for a tax-exempt government agency or institution. Purchaser must provide a copy of your tax-exempt status or resale certification at the time of ordering for our records.
Sales tax does not apply to the purchase of a gift certificate; however, sales tax does apply when a gift certificate is redeemed for a purchase.
Sales tax does not apply to orders shipping internationally.
Alabama: Seller has collected the simplified sellers use tax on taxable transactions delivered into Alabama and the tax will be remitted on the customer's behalf to the Alabama Department of Revenue.
Seller's program account number is SSU-R010170999.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us via phone or email.
International Orders
OpticsPlanet specializes in shipping internationally and aspires to make the process as simple as possible for our customers. Most of our products can be shipped to almost any destination worldwide. For all customers with either an international billing or shipping address in their order, please read the following and contact us via phone or email should you have any questions.
Returns
OpticsPlanet allows returns on international orders for an exchange or refund within 30 days of merchandise receipt. All exchanges and returns require the completion of a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) form that is only active for 10 days from the date of submission. Please promptly ship the product back to us to meet this timeframe. In addition, please note that OpticsPlanet is not responsible for any shipping charges incurred in returning the merchandise to us or for any shipping charges associated with your new order.
For more information, please review our Return Policy Information Page.
Order Verification
OpticsPlanet takes the security of our customers' financial information very seriously. All international orders regardless of payment method are subject to our order verification process. By limiting fraudulent transactions and verifying order information ahead of time, we are able to provide consistently low prices and superior service, while maintaining the security of the ordering process and limiting unnecessary expenses. Please be aware that there may be a slight delay in the processing of your order while the order details are being verified.
OpticsPlanet reserves the right to validate any order through a variety of tools and methods available to us. OpticsPlanet may require additional information from the customer in order to confirm that all received information is verifiable and legitimate prior to clearance. Orders will not be processed prior to being confirmed valid.
Pricing
Please note that pricing and availability are subject to change without notice. All prices listed are in U.S. dollars. For more detailed information on our pricing policies, please review our Pricing Policy & FAQ.
Privacy Policy
OpticsPlanet respects consumer privacy and works to safeguard your personal information, while complying with all International and United States Federal and State laws and regulations. We are dedicated to providing you with the superior customer experience that you know and expect from OpticsPlanet. We view your privacy as an important component of your customer experience and ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. For additional details, please see our full Privacy Policy.
Compare (0)
1 item has been added
Add at least two items to compare
Remove All
+
Cart
Customer Service and Policy Information