http://www.llmedico.com/shipping-policy/
Shipping delays due to the holiday's and Covid can be expected. Click for more info.
Sign in to your account
×
Email Address:
You must enter a valid email.
Password:
You must enter a password.
Forgot your password?
Create New Account
Or sign in with:
×
Home
Customer Service
Shipping
How much is shipping?All orders ship free! No minimum, no kidding! (Only applies to US lower 48)
How long does it take to get my order?Orders placed before 3PM (Eastern) Mon-Fri will usually ship the same day. It usually only takes 1-3 business days to receive your order (US lower 48)! Sometimes orders (or part of orders) will take longer due to stock issues at the warehouse nearest to you.
How do you ship your orders?We use UPS, FedEx & USPS for most of our orders but also use smaller regional carriers (Lasership, Ontrac, and GSO) for some orders. The carrier we use for your order depends on the items and your location. If you require a specific carrier, we can usually make accommodations.
Do you ship to PO Boxes?Sorry, but at this time we do not.
Do you ship to HI/AK, US territories or APO/FPO addresses?We do for a lot of items. There is an additional $12.95 shipping charge. If you have items in your cart that we can't ship, you will see the message "Unfortunately one or more items in your cart can't be shipped to your location." under shipping methods.
Do you ship internationally?We do for some smaller items (cloth diapers, plastic pants mostly). If you have an item in your cart that we don't ship internationally, you will see the message "Unfortunately one or more items in your cart can't be shipped to your location." under shipping methods.
Do you ship discreetly?We try our best to ship all orders discreetly in plain packaging or plain brown boxes. For adult diaper cases, we do sometimes ship in the manufacturers box, but cover all branding with brown packing tape. This isn't guaranteed though. For orders to business addresses, your order might come in the original packaging (mostly for orders of adult diaper cases).
How do I track my order?We'll send you a tracking email to once your order is shipped and we have the tracking information, or you can check in the Orders section of your account. You can also give us a call, and we'll be happy to provide tracking for your order.
What happens if my package gets lost or stolen?
Lost or Stolen Shipments (USA only) LL Medico is not liable for any lost shipments or shipments that occurred due to customer error. Please make certain all customer related information, such as address, is entered correctly upon placing the order.In the event that an order has not been received within 7 days from receipt of a shipping confirmation, please contact us at sales@llmedico.com.If the carrier confirms that your order was delivered, and you are not in receipt of it, we recommend that you first contact the carrier for more information.Mail theft and mail fraud (i.e., the false reporting of stolen or unreceived mail) are federal crimes. We are happy to assist US Postal Service, authorities, and our customers by providing any documentation that may be helpful in reporting and/or recovering a lost shipment.
Lost or stolen packages internationallyBy placing an order, you agree that LL Medico cannot be held liable for lost or stolen packages. Although seeking recourse for lost or stolen packages is the responsibility of you, the recipient, please let us know and we will do our best to investigate the matter from our end. Ultimately however, you are responsible for seeking recourse should your package be lost or stolen.