http://www.howarth.uk.com/terms.aspx
Home
Instrument Finance
New Instruments
Sale Instruments
2nd Hand Instruments
Accessories
Sale Accessories
Music
Music Exams
Repairs
Rental Options
Contacting us
Maps and Directions
About us
Shop + Admin
Howarth of London
31 Chiltern Street
London
W1U 7PN
020 7935 2407
Manufacturing + Shop
19 Buckingham Road
Worthing
BN11 1TH
01903 239219
Online Ordering Terms and Conditions
Please Note: This is a summary version of our terms.
For more details, see our Full Document here or use the links at the bottom of this page
Our Details
Mailorder Department
Howarth of London
31 Chiltern Street
London
W1U 7PN
Telephone: +44 (0) 20 7935 2407
Fax: +44 (0) 20 7224 2564
Email:
mailorder @ howarth.uk.com
Delivery
We pride ourselves on offering a fast and efficient service.
Where items are in stock we can normally deliver:
to UK addresses on the next business day.
untracked deliveries (to addresses in Europe) between 2 - 14 days business days.
tracked deliveries (both to Europe and the rest of the world) between 2 - 10 business days.
Part Orders
If any items you order are not in stock, we will email you to keep you informed. Depending on your location, we may wait until your complete order is in stock before dispatching. If you require any of your order urgently, please contact us.
Privacy
We will not disclose your personal details to any other companies. -- See our Privacy Policy for more information
Credit-Card Security
Credit card details are encrypted and sent to our card provider’s servers over a secure connection.
Prices
We will contact you if the price of an item has changed and your order will cost more than you were informed at time of ordering.
Returns and Cancellations Policy
Howarth offer a no quibble 30 days returns policy. Goods must be returned in a saleable condition.
We do not accept returns of the following:
Reeds
Any items if sealed for hygiene reasons on delivery to you and becoming unsealed after delivery
CDs if sealed on delivery to you and becoming unsealed after delivery
DVDs if sealed on delivery to you and becoming unsealed after delivery
Computer software if sealed on delivery to you and becoming unsealed after delivery
Sheet music with digital content where the CD packaging has been opened or where the online licence code has been revealed
Items that are made to the customer’s specifications or which have been clearly and irremediably personalised.
You are responsible for the cost of returning the goods (unless they are faulty) and ensuring their safe return. We recommend that you use a tracked service to return goods to us.
Refunds
We will refund you for returned goods that we have agreed to accept back. If you return a full order, you will also receive a refund of the original standard delivery charge. If you paid for an enhanced delivery service, you will still only be refunded the standard postage charge as per your statutory rights.
We will not refund any costs incurred in returning the product to us unless previously agreed otherwise.
We will refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
If goods are faulty
In the unlikely event that received goods are faulty, we will provide a replacement or repair at no cost to you.
Should you prefer a refund, we will refund any money received from you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase. Please see our full returns policy for information on how your rights to a refund changes depending on how long after your purchase a fault appears.
Full terms and Conditions Documents
The full document can be found here
Some policies are also listed below
Delivery Charges
Returns Policy
Refunds Policy
Products Policy
Prices Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Second Hand Instrument Sales Policy
Trials and rentals
Difficulties and complaints Policy
Cancellations
Last updated:18 December 2019
Search our Product Range
View Cart
Further Info
News
Howarth Dealers
Links
Manufacturing
Fun Stuff
Site Map
International Sales
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
London Hours
M-F:
9:30am - 5:30pm
Sat:
10:00am - 4:30pm
Sun:
Closed
Worthing Hours
M-F:
9:30am - 5:30pm
Sat:
Closed
Sun:
Closed