http://www.woolies-trim.co.uk/topic/privacy
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Find out more here
close
Seals
Door/Boot Seals
Side Seals
Top Seals
Draught Excluder
Edge Trims
PVC Edge Trims
Cloth Covered Edge Trim
Rubber
Rubber Extrusion
Rubber Matting
Rubber Strip
Screen Section
Rubber Tube
Putty
Sponge
Sponge Extrusion
Sponge Piping
S/A Sponge Strip
S/A Sponge Sheet
Weatherstrip
Window Channel
Single Track
Double Track
Plain Felt
Materials
Carpet
Wool Pile Carpet
Wilton Type Carpet
Rubber Backed Carpet
Rotproof Carpet
Thin Rib Carpet
Karvel Carpet
Carpet Binding
Carpet Fasteners
Heel Pad
Headlinings
Wool
Vinyl
Brushed Nylon
Dobby
Hoodings
Duck
Vinyl
Mohair
Webbing
Window Material
Hoodcare
Seating Cloths
Bedford Cord
Moquette
Wool
Brushed Nylon
Alicante
Moleskin
Vinyls
Expanded Vinyl
Non Stretch
Hooding
Embossed
Sound Deadening
Felt
Hardura
Heat Deflection
Sound Damping
Fittings
Fasteners
Durable Dot
Lift the Dot
Tenax
Turnbuckles
Carpet Fasteners
Clips
Rivets
Self Tapping Screws
Woodscrews
Cup Washers
Brass Eyelets
Handles
Bonnet Catch
Exterior Handles
Grab Handles
Hood Fastener
Interior Handles
Key Hole Cover
Lifting Ring
Locks
Over Centre Catches
Sidescreen Peg/Socket
Accessories
Aeroscreen
Badge Bar / Clips
Badges
Bolts
Bonnet Corners
Check Strap / Staples
Clevis Pins
Door Buffer
Electrical
Goggles
Grease Nipples
Horn Bulb
Reflectors
Restoration Guide
Spoke Brush
Spring Binding
Metal Strips
Aluminium Sections
"Chrome" Strips
Hood Bar
Pin Beading
Brass Taps
Copper Tube
D/E Unions
Drain Plugs
Elbows
Nuts & Nipples
Taps
T-Pieces
Trimmings
Adhesive
Binding/Lacing
Bonnet Tape
Chalk
Gaskets
Hidem Banding
Hook and Loop
Interior Piping
Material
Millboard
Overider Beading
Paddings
Piping Cord
Pirelli Webbing
Seating Foam
Tacks
Thread / Needles
Tools
Wing Piping
Zips
Renovation
Hood Renovation
Leather Renovation
Vinyl Renovation
Next day delivery *
Worldwide Delivery
Same day despatch
Privacy Policy
Last updated 24th May 2018 in line with the GDPR Regulation
Introduction
I & C Woolstenholmes Ltd (trading as Woolies) takes your privacy and your rights to control your personal data seriously.  We do not and will not sell your data to third parties.
This privacy policy describes what personal information and data we collect from you, how and why we obtain it and how we store and process it.   We may update this policy from time to time and shall indicate on the web site when changes have been made.  Terms such as ‘we’, ‘us’ or Woolies refer to I & C Woolstenholmes Ltd.
Types of Information we collect
Information you provide to us - Information is collected from you when you register with us, buy from us or when you contribute to or use some of the advanced features on the site e.g. subscribing to the mailing list.  Information such as name, phone number, postal address, delivery address and email address are collected.
The information we collect is clearly set out on the web page on which we collect it.
Information we collect automatically - We automatically collect information.  We collect your IP address and use cookies and similar technologies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them. We may collect information such as  the type of device you use, the operating system you use and your general geographic location.
Why we collect it
We collect information about you so that we can get your goods to you, personalise your use of the site and  assist your use of the site.  Depending upon your selections for our data protection questions we may arrange for you to be sent information about related products and services from us. You may update the answers to your questions at any time.
Woolies will not give or sell your details to any third party. We will only use customer data for legitimate business purposes.
How we use personal data
Woolies uses the data we collect to provide you with the products and services we offer and that you want and also to personalise your experiences.  We also use the data to communicate with you e.g. inform you about your order or new products available.
Who we disclose it to
We will only pass on information about you as an individual to third parties to enable us to perform services requested by you or with your prior consent.  Woolies uses a variety of third party vendors to carry out services like website management and hosting, online product purchases and shipping, credit card processing and email communications.
For questions about third-party vendors please email info@woolies-trim.co.uk
In certain circumstances we may need to disclose information about you if you breach this privacy policy or if you breach the Terms and Conditions. We may also disclose or access your account if required to do so by law or by any Governmental body.
The legal bases for using Personal Information
There are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information :
Performance of a Contract – The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the agreement you have with us e.g. it is necessary to fulfil an order you have given us, sort out any delivery issues and maintain your account.
Consent – If you give us your consent to add you to our mailing list so you can receive information or promotional offers.  You can alter this at any time by logging in to your account and amending the option or you can unsubscribe from any of our mailings by clicking on the unsubscribe link.
Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us, all parts of our site are fully secure and accessed over HTTPS, data is encrypted by the HTTPS protocol. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure whilst we strive to protect your personal information no security system is impenetrable.
Woolies takes precautionary measures  e.g. we store the personal data you provide on computer systems that have limited password protected access.
You can only access your on-line account using an individual user login and password.  To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person.  Please notify us immediately if you believe your password has been misused or compromised.  Woolies will never ask you to disclose your password in an unsolicited email or phone call.
Retention of data
Woolies will retain your personal information for as long as we deem it necessary to fulfil your requirements and maintain the relationship with you.  You can ask for data to be deleted or removed from our systems at any point by emailing us at info@woolies-trim.co.uk
Accessing and updating your personal information
We want you to be in control of how your personal information is used by us, you can do this in the following ways :
You can ask us for a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
You can inform us of any changes to your personal information or if you want us to correct any of the personal information we hold about you.
In certain situations you can ask to us delete, block or restrict the personal information we hold about you or object to ways in which we are using your personal information.
In certain situations you can also ask us to send the personal information you have given us to a third party.
We may ask you for 2 valid forms of identification to process some requests.
We rely on you to ensure that your personal information is complete, accurate and up to date.  Please do inform us of any changes to or any inaccuracies in your personal information info@woolies-trim.co.uk
Questions?
If you have any questions or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact us info@woolies-trim.co.uk. We will endeavour to respond to you promptly and obtain a fair resolution.
Should you feel unsatisfied with our handling of a complaint regarding our handling of your data you are entitled to escalate your complaint to a supervisory authority within the European Union which for the UK is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
£0.00
Continue Shopping
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty. This is the topic Named: emptywishlisttext. You edit this in the ADMIN site.
Total:
£0.00
Continue Shopping
Move all to Cart
Loading...