http://www.creativekidsathome.com/terms.html
Corporate Information
About Us
Link to Us
Media
Privacy
Secure Shopping
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions of Use
Please read these terms and conditions of use before using the
Creativekidsathome.com website. By using this website you are
indicating your acceptance of these terms and conditions.
Ownership
The creativekidsathome.com website, its design, text, graphics, and
all other content are the property of Creative Kids at Home. Creative
Kids at Home is a division of S & N Enterprises Inc.
Copyright
All of the content on this website is protected by the copyright
laws of Canada and other countries. None of the content found on
creativekidsathome.com may be reproduced, republished, distributed,
displayed, sold, transferred, or modified without the express written
permission of Creative Kids at Home.
Please use the 'email us' button at the bottom of this page to
contact us for permission.
Use of Website
The creativekidstathome.com website may not, in whole or in part, be
copied, reproduced, republished, transmitted, or distributed without the
written permission of Creative Kids at Home, except that you may
download, display and print materials presented on
creativekidsathome.com for your personal, non-commercial use only.
Customer Content
Creative Kids at Home allows visitors to provide feedback, craft
ideas, or other Customer Content.  If you provide Customer Content
you grant Creative Kids at Home a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
perpetual, irrevocable, and sublicencable right to use, delete,
reproduce, modify, adapt publish, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute and display such Customer Content world wide in any
media, now known or to be developed, and you waive any and all rights in
the Customer Content. If not otherwise specified by you, you grant
Creative Kids at Home the right to use your name in connection with the
submitted Customer Content.
Ads on our website
We do not necessarily endorse the companies whose ads are shown.
In fact, many of the ads are served by third party companies such as Google,
and any dealings between the visitors with the advertisers are the sole
responsibility of the visitors.
Privacy
You have read the Creative Kids at Home Privacy
Policy, the terms of which are incorporated into these Terms and
Conditions, and agree that the terms of such policy are reasonable. You
consent to the use of your personal information by Creative Kids at Home
and/or third parties in accordance with the terms of and for the
purposes set forth in the Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
Send us a note if
you have any questions about these terms and conditions or call
us on our toll free line at 1-877-853-6788.
Experience the thrill of well behaved kids overnight with this One-Of-A-Kind, Powerful New Parenting Tool!
Watch as the Wheel of
Better Behavior changes the atmosphere in your home overnight. It's
guaranteed! Homework gets done, clothes get
picked up, arguing stops...in short, the Wheel produces great kids and a stress
free environment! The mere presence of the Wheel will have a marked effect on
your kids. Chances are, you'll seldom even have to spin it!
Get the Wheel!
Kids Gifts
Kids Science
Kids Crafts
Kids Games
For Parents
Creative Kids Blog
About Us
Crafts Info
Media
Advertise
Terms And Conditions
Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2015 Creative Kids at Home