http://www.sundaycross.com/terms-and-conditions
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
cross necklace
big cross necklace (22)
celtic cross necklace (30)
contemporary cross necklace (130)
cross necklace for her (332)
cross necklace for him (229)
crucifix cross necklace (43)
designer cross necklace (327)
golden cross necklace (19)
gothic cross necklace (100)
onyx cross necklace (19)
pewter cross necklace (21)
picture frame cross necklace (5)
rhinestone cross necklace (134)
shell cross necklace (4)
silver toned cross necklace (161)
stainless steel cross necklace (122)
titanium cross necklace (26)
victorian cross necklace (83)
wood cross necklace (28)
See All cross necklace
cross pendant
crucifix cross pendant (4)
stainless steel cross pendant (54)
titanium cross pendant (2)
See All cross pendant
cross bracelet
celtic cross bracelet (1)
cross bracelet for her (28)
cross bracelet for him (23)
designer cross bracelet (21)
gothic cross bracelet (3)
pewter cross bracelet (2)
silver toned cross bracelet (3)
stainless steel cross bracelet (3)
victorian cross bracelet (5)
See All cross bracelet
cross ring
cross by design
big cross necklace (22)
celtic cross necklace (31)
contemporary cross necklace (141)
cross necklace for her (360)
cross necklace for him (252)
crucifix cross necklace (10)
designer cross necklace (349)
gothic cross necklace (103)
victorian cross necklace (88)
See All cross by design
cross by material
golden cross necklace (19)
onyx cross necklace (19)
pewter cross bracelet (2)
pewter cross necklace (21)
rhinestone cross necklace (131)
shell cross necklace (4)
silver toned cross necklace (164)
stainless steel cross necklace (193)
titanium cross necklace (28)
wood cross necklace (28)
See All cross by material
chain
crucifix cross necklace
charms
heart jewelry (27)
keychain cross (3)
special christmas (14)
See All charms
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsAt sundaycross.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. sundaycross.com does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to other companies. sundaycross.com will not collect any personal information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information.We use the information we collect about you to process orders only. When you Place your order, we request your credit card billing information for order processing, order fulfillment, and order tracking. We may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes at sundaycross.com and special offers we think you will find valuable.sundaycross.com use session "cookies" and we do not store customer's personal information.By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your contact information by sundaycross.com for order transaction purposes only. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.Questions about this policy may be addressed to info@sundaycross.com.CopyrightAll content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, images, audio clips, and software, is the property of sundaycross.com or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement, and assembly) of all content on this site is the exclusive property of sundaycross.com and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and software on this site may be used as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display, or performance, of the content on this site is strictly prohibited. Trademarkssundaycross.com, the sundaycross.com logo and all other trademarks, service marks, and trade names appearing on the site are the property of sundaycross.com or their respective owners that have granted sundaycross.com the right to use such trademarks.DisclaimerThis site is provided by sundaycross.com on an "as is" basis. sundaycross.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, sundaycross.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. sundaycross.com will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.+Anti-Spam PolicySundayCross.com encourages you to use our service as long as you abide by the SundayCross.com Terms of Service and SundayCross.com's prohibition on spamming and unethical marketing activities. Violations of our Terms of Service or this Anti-Spam Policy may result in legal action against you. Nothing in this policy is intended to grant any right to transmit email to or through SundayCross.com computer systems. SundayCross.com does not waive any rights by the failure to enforce this policy in every instance in which it might apply.NOTICE: Sending unsolicited email advertisements to or through SundayCross.com computer systems will use or cause to be used SundayCross.com servers located in California. Any unauthorized use of SundayCross.com computer systems is a violation of the SundayCross.com Terms of Service, Anti-spam Policy, and certain federal and state laws, including the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (18 U.S.C. § 1030 et seq.), Section 502 of the California Penal Code, and Section 17538.45 of the California Business and Professions Code. Such violations may subject the sender and his or her agents to civil and criminal penalties.