http://www.parleysdieselperformance.com/privacy-policy
Toggle navigation
Login
Order Tracking
PRODUCTS
Tuners
Air Intake & Filtration
Exhaust
Fuel Injection
Stack Kits
Gauges
Transmission
Turbos
Water Methanol Injection
Engine Parts
Accessories
View All Products
BRANDS
Access Cover
AEM
Aero Exhaust
AFE
Agricultural Diesel Solutions By PSI
Airaid
AirDog
AMP Research
Andersen
ARP
Auto Meter
B&W Trailer Hitches
Banks Power
BD Diesel
Bully Dog
Bully Dog Big Rig
Bushwacker
Daystar
Diablosport
Diamond Eye Exhaust
Dynomite Diesel
Edge Tuners
FASS
Fleece Performance Engineering
Fluidampr
Grand Rock Exhaust
Hypertech
Industrial Injection
Injen Technology
K&N Engineering
Mag-Hytec
Magnaflow
MBRP
Mishimoto
Pedal Commander
PDI
P.P.E.
RECON Lights
Rigid Industries
S&B Filters
S&B Tanks
SCT
Smarty Tuners
Snow Performance
South Bend Clutch
Superchips
Truxedo
Volant
Warn
Weigh Safe
View All Brands
VEHICLES
Dodge Ram Cummins
Ford Powerstroke
GM Duramax
Volkswagen TDI
Nissan Titan XD
Agricultural Tractor
Big Rig Semi Tractor
RV Motorhome
Audi TDI
GM Pre-Duramax
Construction Equipment
Jeep CRD
Medium Duty
Mercedes-Benz
Sprinter
View All Vehicles
PROMOTIONS
ACCOUNT
Login
Order Tracking
Shop by Diesel
Select Make
Select Model
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Statement
You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
Any data we request that is not required will be specified as voluntary or optional.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience – your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website – we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service – your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions – your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested by the customer.
To send periodic emails.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order or request, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, promotions, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, simply send us an email with your name and email address and let us know you would like to unsubscribe.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you submit a request or place an order. These security measures include: password protected directories and databases to safeguard your information, SSL (Secure Sockets Layered) technology to ensure that your information is fully encrypted and sent across the Internet securely or PCI Scanning to actively protect our servers from hackers and other vulnerabilities.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, paypal account,
etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do We Use Cookies
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
Do We Disclose Any Information to Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
CAN-SPAM Compliance
We have taken the necessary steps to ensure that we are compliant with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by never sending out misleading information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change.
This policy was last modified on 9-16-13
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may Contact us via email or by phone at 801-938-4891.
Privacy Policy Customer Pledge
We pledge to you, our customer, that we have made a dedicated effort to bring our privacy policy in line with the the following important privacy laws and initiatives:
Federal Trade Commision Fair
California Online Privacy Protection Act
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act
Privacy Alliance
Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act
Respectfully,
Parley’s Diesel Performance Team
www.parleysdieselperformance.com
Subscribe and Save
Connect with Parley's
Customer Service
Shopping Cart
Account Login
Order Tracking
Return Request
Company
Parleys News
Contact Us
About Us
F.A.Q.
Testimonials
Policies
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Warranty Policy
Learning Center
Installation Videos
Diesel Performance 101
Diesel Performance Articles
Diesel Fuel Mileage
Customer's Rides
COMPANY
Parleys News
Contact Us
About Us
Testimonials
LEARNING CENTER
Installation Videos
Diesel Performance 101
Diesel Performance Articles
Diesel Fuel Mileage
Customer's Rides
POLICIES
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Warranty Policy
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Shopping Cart
Account Login
Order Tracking
Return Request
1-801-938-4891
© 2020 Parleys Diesel Performance, St. George UT 84790 - All Rights Reserved