http://www.bjs.com/content?template=B&espot_main=about_privacy
Privacy Policy
Updated: December, 2019
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. and our affiliates (collectively, “BJ’s,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) in connection with the information we collect about you, including through BJ’s Sites (including BJs.com, berkleyjensen.com, wellsleyfarms.com and other websites operated by or for BJ’s and our mobile applications that link to or post this policy), BJ’s Club wireless network services (“BJ’s WiFi”), and interactions with us in our Clubs and Fuel Stations (collectively “Clubs”).
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties including our Member Service Partners (third parties whom we partner with for specialized member offers) to the extent you provide information directly to them.  Some third parties such as BJ’s Travel and BJ’s Auto Buying, though BJ’s-branded, are not operated by BJ’s.  Any information that you provide directly to third parties or Member Service Partners is subject to their own privacy policies, and we encourage you to read those privacy policies when you do so. Should you wish to change your marketing preferences with respect to any third party or Member Service Partner, please be sure to do so by following the instructions contained in the individual privacy policies.
To the extent that information collected through your use of BJ’s Sites, BJ’s WiFi or Clubs is patient information provided to obtain optical services, such information is governed by the BJ’s Optical Notice of Privacy Practices and not this Privacy Policy.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and will post the date the policy was last revised to help you determine whether any changes have been made.  Your continued use of BJ’s Sites or BJ’s WiFi, patronage of our Clubs, or interaction with BJ’s constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
We know that you care about how your information is used and shared, and your ability to make informed choices about the use of your information is important to us.
We want to help you understand the information we collect about you, how it is used, how it is shared, and the safeguards that we have in place to protect it.
This Privacy Policy explains our policy regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your information.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
As described below, we collect information about you when you provide that information to us or when we collect it automatically through your interactions with us. We might also receive some information about you from other sources. We generally refer to this information in the policy as personal information.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
We, or those acting on our behalf, may collect the personal information that you provide to us, such as when you purchase, renew, or modify your BJ’s Membership, visit or make a purchase in our Clubs or on BJ’s Sites, create an account on BJ’s Sites, contact our member care agents, apply for a job with BJ’s, access and use BJ’s WiFi, sign up for BJ’s newsletters, participate in surveys, respond to marketing emails, promotions, sweepstakes, or contests that BJ’s offers or administers, or otherwise communicate or interact with us in any fashion.
The information that you provide us can include, but is not limited to:
Membership-related information, such as your name, date of birth, mailing address, email address, telephone or mobile number, username and password, Membership number, driver’s license number, and preferences;
Transactional information, such as items purchased and credit card or financial account information and related transaction records;
Employment information, such as information you provide us when submitting an employment application form;
Other information that we collect or you provide, such as when contacting us or through the course of visiting or using BJ’s Sites, BJ’s WiFi, or our Clubs, or otherwise interacting with us, including engaging with BJ’s social media channels.
We might not be able to provide you with certain services if you choose not to provide us with the personal information requested.
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED FROM YOU
We, and our service providers, may automatically collect information from you or your devices while you visit or use BJ’s Sites, BJ’s WiFi, or our Clubs.
For example, we might collect certain transaction-related information, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device information (for example, device identifiers, operating system and version, application version, language region, and time zone, among others),
advertising identifiers, your general location, your browser type, the website that referred you to us, if any, the items you view or place in your shopping cart on BJ’s Sites, and movement taken through BJ’s Sites.
We use a variety of technical methods to automatically collect information, including cookies,
web beacons online, and in-store beacons in our Clubs.
See the section titled “Information Collected Through Cookies and Web Beacons” below for more information about our online collection of information.
When you access BJ’s WiFi, we may also automatically collect information from your mobile device, such as the device’s Media Access Control (“MAC”) address, its association to specific wireless access points (which can be used to approximate your location within a BJ’s Club), date, time and duration of use, device type and operating system, and the amount of bandwidth used.
When using BJ’s WiFi or when we have sensors in our stores to detect your device, we may use in-Club technology to measure foot traffic and flow patterns.
Cameras: Our Clubs are equipped with CCTV cameras that monitor the Club and its surroundings for security and loss prevention purposes and to enhance your shopping experiences.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PRECISE LOCATION INFORMATION
When you use a BJ’s mobile application, including when you have our mobile application open, or connect to our Wi-Fi, we and our service providers may collect your precise location information.
We’ll generally collect your precise location information with your permission, such as when you continue using a service after we notify you of the collection of your location information, or when you grant us access to your device’s GPS (like we request in the BJ’s mobile application).
You can stop us from collecting your device’s GPS by changing your Location Services preferences.
Even without your phone’s GPS information, we might be able to approximate your location through other means, such as through WiFi access points as described above.
INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies are pieces of information that any website may transfer to your browser that are then stored in your computer’s system and that allow BJ’s Sites to recognize you if you return to the Sites using the same computer and browser.
Web beacons, also known as “clear gifs,” “one–pixel gifs,” “Internet tags” or “pixel tags,” are small graphic images (usually invisible) that can be embedded in content and advertising on a website or in an email.
These may be embedded on BJ’s Sites or on advertisements for BJ’s appearing on third–party websites or in email.
Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on your browser, check whether you have viewed a web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date that you viewed the web beacon, the IP address of your computer or device, and the URL of the web page from which the web beacon was viewed.
We use these technologies to store users’ preferences and to record information about your visit to BJ’s Sites.
We also use these technologies to customize advertising, web page content, and other offers based on user profile information.
Our use of cookies and web beacons may enhance your experience with BJ’s by allowing us to save your preferences for your next visit and better understand the products and services that are relevant to you.
We may also measure the general activity on BJ’s Sites and measure advertising effectiveness, which allows us to determine which areas and features are most popular.
This information allows us to make improvements to BJ’s Sites.
We, and third parties, may collect your email address using web beacons when you interact with BJ’s Sites or our email advertising.
However, web beacons do not collect your name, postal address, credit card account information or other personally identifying information.
Third parties may use “third–party” cookies to collect your information.
These third parties will use the information that they collect to deliver advertisements about our products and services and those of third parties that are customized to your preferences. These third parties may be online advertising networks or other similar online intermediaries that collect information through cookies and similar tools over time and across different websites.
See the section titled “What Choices Do I Have?” for information on choices available relating to our cookie usage and marketing activities.
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may receive personal information about you from other sources such as third parties to help us correct or supplement our records in order to better promote relevant goods or services to you, provide you with innovative and convenient products and services, deliver information about BJ’s offerings, and to prevent or detect fraud or other illegal conduct.
We may also collect personal information that is publicly available, such as social media profile information.
If you choose to link your social-media account or accounts relating to other third-party services to your Membership or BJ’s Sites, WiFi, or other services, you may be allowing those third parties to send us some of your information, and you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use what they send us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Our services sometimes direct you to third party websites for your convenience and information.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We generally use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
Providing and improving our products and services, such by as delivering our products and services to you, fulfilling orders and processing transactions, responding to your communications, inquiries, and feedback, administering BJ’s Perks Rewards® and any other incentive programs we offer, administering and keeping you informed about your Membership; improving your experience in our Clubs and on BJ’s Sites, and understanding how people use our products and services and respond to our outreach, including generating and analyzing statistics about the use of BJ’s Sites and visits to our Clubs and measuring the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
Communicating with you about products, services and promotions such as by sending marketing communications, promotional information, including information about benefits and discounts, and advertisements that may be of interest to you (“Promotional Material”) by various means, including e-mail, text, telephone, direct mail, push notification, and other means, personalizing your experience shopping with us, and better understanding what you’re interested in so that we can provide you with interactive or personalized elements, services, and offers, including on BJ’s Sites or third party websites and applications.
Pursuing our business purposes, including but not limited to by conducting data analysis and detecting, preventing, and responding to actual or potential fraud, illegal activities, or intellectual property infringement.
Protecting legal interests as we believe reasonably necessary or appropriate, such as by complying with our legal obligations, responding to legal process or requests for information issued by government authorities or other third parties, or to protect your, our, or others’ rights.
We may combine the information that we collect to advance any of these purposes.
We also use precise location information for the purposes described above, including to notify you of nearby Clubs or upcoming nearby Club events and to determine if you are in a Club to provide you with special offers.
Send–to–a–Friend: If Members elect to use our referral service for sending information to a friend on BJ’s Sites, we may ask them for the friend’s name and email address.
Some email Promotional Material may also contain links to “Send–to–a–Friend.”
Any email addresses submitted to BJ’s for forwarding Promotional Material to others will not be used for BJ’s mailing lists and will not be collected for re–distribution except where the recipient responds to the email or otherwise provides it to BJ’s.
DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES?
BJ’s shares your personal information in the situations set forth below.
We may disclose the information we collect:
To third party service providers that provide services to us in connection with our business, such as those that:
provide operational, support, and other services to our Members, including call center, chat providers, and sweepstakes vendors;
assist us with order fulfillment;
provide order, payment, and rebate processing services to us;
process employment applications;;
deliver Promotional Materials, marketing communications, or advertisements that may be of interest to you, including to your devices as you browse non-BJ’s affiliated websites and applications;
provide data supplementation or market segmentation services;
provide web hosting and other IT services;
help us protect our assets and business, such as fraud prevention providers; and
conduct surveys, focus groups, research and analytics to support our business, among others;
To business partners, including product suppliers and Member Service Partners, to send or support the delivery of Promotional Materials, to engage in data analytics, to offer sweepstakes, contests, and other marketing, to advise you of upcoming joint and co-branded promotional activities with BJ’s, or to conduct research, subject to your right to opt out from sharing for marketing purposes.
See the section titled “Choices Regarding the Use of My Information” below for information on exercising your right to opt out;
To our affiliates for their own purposes;
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, or to comply with government reporting obligations;
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is proper (a) to protect our rights, the integrity of our business, or your safety or the safety of others, or (b) to detect, prevent, or respond to actual or possible fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of our Terms of Use, violations of law, or other misuse of our services;
In relation to a potential corporate transaction to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets; and
otherwise with your consent.
Except where stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy, we may generate and disclose to third parties de-identified information or aggregate and de-identified reports, such as reports on demographics and traffic patterns of users of our Sites or visitors to our Clubs.
In some cases, our business partners may require, as a condition of providing services to you, that you authorize them to share your personal information with us.
If we terminate our relationship with a third–party business partner, we may provide that information to a new third party offering the same or similar services.
Please note that
when you interact with a third party, including our Member Service Partners, those third parties’ privacy policy, not BJ’s, governs any such third party’s use of the personal information they collect.
IS MY PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the personal information we collect, maintain data accuracy, and use information as authorized.
However, no information system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
When you establish an account at BJ’s, you choose a password to help protect your account information. A password is only as strong as you make it: you should select a unique password and keep it safe. You may change your password as often as you wish by going to My Account section of the BJ’s Sites.
WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?
Choices Regarding the Collection of My Information
Cookies: Web browsers often allow you to erase cookies, notify you when you receive a new cookie, or block cookies altogether.
If you would like to control BJ’s collection of information via cookies, please use the Help function in your browser to find instructions on how to set your browser’s cookie preferences.
If you elect to block cookies from BJ’s Sites, you may be unable to take advantage of many of the opportunities and online features offered by BJ’s Sites.
Third–Party Cookies: To limit of the collection of your information via third–party cookies and other types of online behavioral advertising, please
click here to visit the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) website.
NAI enables you to opt out of participating third–party online advertising networks.
Please note that you may need to have cookies enabled to opt out using the NAI tool.
While you may have the opportunity to control the use of cookies through your web browser and via the NAI website, we do not otherwise currently respond to web browser “do not track” signals.
We will disclose as much in this privacy policy if we respond to “do not track” signals in the future.
For more information about do not track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
We use Google Analytics to measure the use of our website and our website traffic.
Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of BJ’s Sites.
This data is shared with other Google services, and Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.You can opt out of Google’s tracking by installing the Google Analytics opt out browser add-on.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
BJ’s WiFi: If you do not want information collected from your mobile device through BJ’s WiFi, you should not connect to or agree to use the network.
You can stop the collection of your information through BJ’s WiFi by changing your mobile device settings to not connect to the network.
If you elect not to use BJ’s WiFi, you may be unable to take advantage of mobile coupons or other offers provided through BJ’s WiFi.
Precise Location Information: When using BJ’s mobile applications, you can decline to provide BJ’s with your device’s GPS information when prompted through your device.
You can also withdraw permission for BJ’s to access your GPS location by managing your Location Services preferences through the settings of your device.
We may be unable to provide you with certain features if you decline to provide BJ’s with that information, such as locating nearby Clubs or providing you with location-based coupons, and withdrawing your permission does not affect our use of the data we previously collected.
Choices Regarding the Use of My Personal Information
You can opt out of receiving Promotional Material from BJ’s via email, phone, or direct mail marketing, or from the sharing of your information with Member Service Partners and certain other third–party business partners for marketing purposes.
Promotional Email: To indicate that you do not want to receive Promotional Material from BJ’s via email, you may:
Click on the unsubscribe link on the bottom of any promotional email that you receive from BJ’s to access the Email Preference Center.
Access your Online Account via the “Sign in” link on the BJs.com Home Page and update your email marketing preferences by clicking on the subscribe/unsubscribe link.
Direct Mail or Telemarketing: To indicate that you do not want to receive Promotional Material from BJ’s via postal mail or to receive promotional telephone calls, you may:
Email us by clicking on the Customer care link on the BJs.com home page.
Write our Member Care department at the address listed in the section titled “How Do I Contact BJ’s?”
Call our Member Care department at the number provided in the section titled “How Do I Contact BJ’s?”
Third–Party Sharing: If you prefer that we do not share information that personally identifies you with Member Service Partners and other third–party business partners for marketing purposes, you may:
Email us by clicking on the Customer care link on the BJs.com home page.
Write our Member Care department at the address listed in the section titled “How Do I Contact BJ’s?”
Call our Member Care department at the number provided in the section titled “How Do I Contact BJ’s?”
Even if you choose to opt out of Third-Party Sharing, you may continue to receive Promotional Material from BJ’s with offers from our Member Service Partners.
To opt out of receiving these Promotional Materials, you must choose to opt out of receiving Promotional Material from BJ’s.
You will continue to receive communications regarding product safety alerts and Membership renewal information even if you choose to opt out of all forms of communication from BJ’s. As described above, BJ’s may share information for any purpose with any recipient if the disclosed information is not personally identifying.
HOW DO I ACCESS MY ACCOUNT INFORMATION?
You may update, review, or correct your BJ’s account information by:
Accessing your Online Account via the “Sign in” link on the BJs.com home page by clicking on the subscribe/unsubscribe link.
Write our Member Care department at the address listed in the section titled “How Do I Contact BJ’s?”
Call our Member Care department at the number provided in the section titled “How Do I Contact BJ’s?”
INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN UNDER 13
BJ’s Sites are general audience websites and are not targeted to children less than 13 years of age.
BJ’s does not knowingly collect or store the personal information of children under the age of 13.
If we learn that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information.
Please tell us if you have reason to believe that we’ve collected personal information about a child under the age of 13 so that we can delete it.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California residents can read more about the processing of their personal information, including their rights over such information, in
the Privacy Notice for California Residents.
HOW DO I CONTACT BJ’s?
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us in writing at:
BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc.
Attn: Member Care
25 Research Drive
Westborough, MA 01581
You can also call BJ’s Member Care at 800–BJS–CLUB (257–2582).