http://www.custompenandpencils.com/cpp_v150_final/index.php?main_page=privacy
Custom Pen and Pencils...Each One is Unique and Hand Crafted!
Ball Point
Cases
Collectors Fountian/Roller
Pens
Collerctors Series/Inlayed wood
Misc.
Pen and Pencil Sets
Pencils
Rollerball/Fountian
Pens
Wedding Gifts
Gift Certificates
Categories
Ball Point (8)
Cases (5)
Collectors Fountian/Roller
Pens (6)
Collerctors Series/Inlayed wood (6)
Misc. (2)
Pen and Pencil Sets (1)
Pencils (4)
Rollerball/Fountian
Pens (6)
Wedding Gifts (7)
Gift Certificates (1)
New Products ...
All Products ...
New Products  [more]
Statesman
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Newsletter Unsubscribe
::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy:
At “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM”, your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you become a member is used to process your orders and to provide a more personalized experience on our site. Our site uses a 128 bit encrypted SSL to increase the security of our customer’s information. However, we “Hal Froot Enterprises LTD, INC” do not guarantee complete security on stored information.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become an “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM” member, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address and e-mail address as well as some demographic information such as gender and date of birth.
“CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM” will NOT share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis.
Your name and address information is used solely to process orders unless your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than order fulfillment.
Your demographic information (gender, date of birth, etc.) will be used for several security purposes, to ensure you are who you say you are and in fact you are paying with your credit cards and not someone using your stolen credit cards.
Refer-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM” does not store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Our Use of Log Files
When you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser type and your access times. We utilize this information to conduct site performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to personally identifiable information.
Site Security
All “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM” employees take your personal information very seriously. All employees must learn and obey our security policies. Access to member personal information is limited to key management personnel and our member services department. The information is ID and password protected and our Web security is reviewed on a monthly basis. We have also installed and implied our site with a 128 bit encryption SSL.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information
After becoming an “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM” subscriber you may correct/update your personal information by clicking on the 'My Account' link at the top of any page, entering your ID, password and birth date when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to deactivate your account, you may contact our member services group through the 'My Account' section, or the 'Contact Us' section.
Links To Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you may be leaving the “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM” site and entering another Web site. These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to contact you for administrative purposes such as winning a contest. Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose to receive our News Letters, they will contain promotional materials from “CUSTOMPENANDPENCILS.COM”.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site
Supplementation
We may correct or supplement your address information with standardized postal representation in order to ensure that your orders are delivered. We do this since we want to make sure that our members receive the order and to lower costs associated with our programs.
Contests
Periodically, contests are run on our site. Sometimes contests are sponsored by our customers. To enter these contests you need only to enter your ID and password and your guess. At the time of entry, you may decide if you wish to have your first name and state posted on our site if you are the winner. Winner’s names are NEVER shared with our customers without their consent.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's hard drive which identify you when you enter. The ability to select samples on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we can understand our site traffic and analyze our demographic information in aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your ID and password.
Your Feedback is Always Welcome
We welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy - or anything else you might want to talk about. To contact us click here
You can reach us via email at “information@custompenandpencils.com”
Copyright © 2020 Custom Pen and Pencils. Powered by Zen Cart