http://www.cinemasecrets.com/pages/privacy-policy
$15 off $50.
Click here
$30 off $100.
Click here
Sign up for our Pro Discount Here.
Click here
Free Shipping over $55.
Skip to content
Close menu
Brush Cleaners
Pro Brush Cleaner
Vegan Brush & Sponge Cleaners
Sanitizers
Hand Sanitizer
Complexion
Ultimate Foundations
Ultimate Correctors
Ultralucent Setting Powder
Ultralucent Illuminating Powder
Dual FX Foundations
Eyeshadows
Lips
Skin Care
Beauty Tools
Blenders
Sponges & Puffs
Stainless Steel Tools
Makeup Bags
Sale
More
Education
Pro Membership Program
Bob Ross
Halloween
Makeup Kits
Peel & Stick
Makeup Palettes
Body Crayons
Special FX
Tools and Accessories
Blood
Latex
Foam
Metallic Lip Gloss
Face Masks
Holiday Kits
Log in
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
Close cart
At Cinema Secrets, our customers are always number one. Everything we do is focused on keeping your shared information safe and to provide you with quality products and delivering satisfactory customer service. From our family to yours, thank you for shopping with us!
Please note: the information you share with us, whether in-store or online, you as the consumer consent to the use of that information submitted as described in the below privacy policy. This policy may be updated frequently; we encourage our consumers to review it periodically.
What information is collected?
The types of information Cinema Secrets may collect include:
- First and last name
- Mailing address
- Email address
- Home and/or mobile telephone number
- Date of birth
- Credit/debt card number
How is your information used?
- To register and service you account
- To fulfill and manage your online submitted order
- To conduct a transaction to collect information by law for age restrictions
- To respond to requests for information on our products
- To send you information about products and promotions
How is your information shared outside of Cinema Secrets?
We will not sell, rent or giveaway your personal information unless stated below.
We share your personal information in which case to only to fulfill your request for products; to shipping vendors, billing and refund vendors and payment card processors.
Our service providers are required to keep your personal information secure. These service providers only have authority to use your personal information on our behalf to fulfill your product submitted requests.
Legal requirements and protection of our company
We may share your personal information in certain cases required by law These examples are as follows:
- Addressing crimes committed on Cinema Secrets property
- Addressing and identifying fraud or financial risk
- Providing information to law enforcement when legal documentation is  provided
- Responding to a search warrant
- Responding to a violation of law
What choices do you have?
If you do not wish to receive product information or promotional emails, mailings and telephone calls, please contact info@cinemasecrets.com. You may also cancel these emails by unsubscribing in the opt-out link provided in each email.
How do you access and update your personal information?
If you would like to update your personal information or request to remove your personal or impersonal information from our secured files, you may send an email to security@cinemasecrets.com or give us a call at 818. 846.0579.
Security
How is your personal information protected?
Cinema Secrets maintains a number of technical persons who are solely responsible for the upkeep and the protection of you personal information.
Examples of security measures we use to protect your personal information:
- Passwords are required to access all our accounts that hold your personal and impersonal information.
- We use secured networks for payment and card information, technical access controls to monitor our security systems.
"Close (esc)"