https://www.mosaictilemania.com/our-policies/
Toggle menu
Gift Certificate
LoginorSign Up
0
Search
×
Main Menu
About Us
Contact Us
Our Policies
Blog
Shipping
Shop By Category
*** HOTTEST SELLERS ***
Inventory Reduction Sale
Large Quantities Available
On Sale Now
New Mosaic Tile Colors
Hand Cut Stained Glass Mosaic Tiles by Color
Amber & Brown Mosaic Tiles
Black Mosaic Tiles
Blue Mosaic Tiles
Clear / Colorless Mosaic Tiles
Gray Mosaic Tiles
Green Mosaic Tiles
Orange Mosaic Tiles
Pink Mosaic Tiles
Purple Mosaic Tiles
Red Mosaic Tiles
White Mosaic Tiles
Yellow Mosaic Tiles
Hand Cut Stained Glass Mosaic Tiles by Attributes
Hot Mosaics - COE 90 Tiles
Hot Mosaics - COE 96 Tiles
COE 96 Glass Frit
Iridized Mosaic Tiles
Mirrored Mosaic Tiles
Mosaic Blends & Mixes
Opalescent Mosaic Tiles
Textured Mosaic Tiles
Celtic Texture
Classic Texture
Cord Texture
Corsica Texture
Cube Texture
English Muffle Texture
Florentine Texture
Granite Texture
Hammered Texture
Rippled Texture
Rough Rolled Texture
Transcluent Mosaic Tiles
Van Gogh Mosaic Tiles
Wispy Mosaic Tiles
Bulk Discount Mosaic Tiles
Non-Stained Glass Mosaic Tiles
Ceramic Mosaic Tiles
Glitter Mosaic Tiles
Marble Mosaic Tiles
Vitreous Mosaic Tiles
Mosaic Accent Pieces
Beads
Czech Glass Heart Beads
Millefiori Beads
Novelty Beads
Cabochons
Glass Animals
Glass Frit
Glass Gems / Nuggets
Millefiori
Polymer Clay Embellishments
Snap Button Embellishments
System 96 Cut Ups
Mosaic Art Supplies
Adhesives
Ball Chain
Color Magic Glass Paints
Grout Supplies
Mesh
Order Tile Samples
Starter Kits
Tools
In a hurry to get your order?
Shop By Brand
All Tiles
Bulk Discounts
Cabochons
Beads
Ball Chain
Flowers
Grout Supplies
Mosaic Mesh
Tools
Adhesives
Mosaic Starter Kits
Express Shipping Upgrade
Samples
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Our Policies
Our Policies
Mosaic Tile Mania offers the following Order Cancellation & Returns Policies:
Returns are welcome within 7 days of delivery for store credit on purchase price, less a 15% restocking fee and actual shipping costs when free shipping was received.  You must have an account registered with us so we can apply your credit to your account. Shipping is non-refundable. Return shipping is required to have delivery confirmation.  Please pack glass tightly in a box to prevent crushing and rattling damage and e-mail us with your tracking number upon shipment.  Returns may be sent to:  Mosaic Tile Mania-Returns, 4057 Riley Fuzzel Rd, Ste 500-333, Spring, TX  77386
Order Cancellation:  Orders cancelled after they have been shipped/fully processed, regardless of the time frame, will be handled as a return.  Orders cancelled within 1 hour AND prior to shipping will receive a full refund on all charges.  Orders cancelled after 1 hour, but prior to shipment will receive a store credit on purchase price and any shipping paid, less a 15% restocking fee on the purchase price.
Orders returned due to insufficient or incorrect addresses will be reshipped at buyer's cost only if an address change is required. (If your parcel is returned due to post office error and no changes need to be made to the address, there will be no reshipping fee.) The reshipping fee is $8.50 or the actual cost to ship package if higher than $8.50. When the reshipping fee is paid, please be sure to update your shipping address with your online payment to ensure proper delivery on second attempt.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Mosaic Tile Mania collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the https://www.mosaictilemania.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Mosaic Tile Mania.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use collected informationMosaic Tile Mania collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:- To process transactions    We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.- To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.Changes to this privacy policyMosaic Tile Mania has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:sales@mosaictilemania.com
×
OK