http://www.tailsup.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Tails Up Bait
Pro Boilie Range
BASKET
0 items
Products
Register / login
Home
Shop
News
Videos
Articles
Pro Team
BAIT DEALS
PRO MARINE
PRO SEED
OCM
LIQUIDS
POWDERS
WANGERS
CLOTHING
BRANDED PRODUCTS
PRO FRUITZ
PRO FISH
PRO CRAB
CUSTOM BAIT
You don't have any items in your basket yet, get shopping!
Register
NEW ACCOUNT
United Kingdom
Belgium
Bulgaria
Denmark
France
Germany
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Netherlands
Poland
Spain
Sweden
Register
Thank you for registering. We've sent you an email to confirm your details.
Go to your email and click the link provided to activate you account.
Re-send confirmation email
User
LOGIN
We have sent a new password to your email address, please log in and change it.
Login
FORGOTTEN PASSWORD
Reset password
Terms and Conditions
TOP 3 STORIES
The Big One
2014 Product Guide
Brentwood Show 2014
These are the terms and conditions
This is tailsup.co.uk, the Web site operated by Tails Up Bait Ltd. Your use of Tails Up products and this Web site is subject to the following Terms and Conditions, which by using the Web site you are deemed to accept:
Content Rights
The copyright and all other rights in all of the material on this site are owned by Tails Up Bait Ltd.
The Information on this Site
Whilst we try to ensure that the information on this site is accurate and complete, we do not accept any liability arising from any inaccuracy or omission in the information on this site.
Links to Other Sites
We do not endorse or accept any responsibility for any content on any Web site linked from this Web site. You may not display the contents of our Web site in any form without the consent of Tails Up Bait Ltd.
Interruptions and Omissions in this Service
Whilst we take every care to ensure that the standard of this Web site remains high and to maintain the continuity of it, Tails Up Bait Ltd does not accept any ongoing obligation or responsibility to operate this Web site (or any particular part of it) or to provide the service offered on this Web site.
Privacy Statement
The person responsible for our Privacy Policy is Ash Bradbury, Telephone 07979 157240
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security. We only use the information we collect about you with your consent to process your enquiry or order, to add you to our mailing list or to tell you about our services. The information we collect is only that which you disclose at the time of ordering or registering for our mailing list and is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Our customer records and mailing list are held on the server of our web site provider. We will never willfully disclose personal information about you to any other third party, other than to process an order, enquiry or request to join our mailing list, without first receiving your permission, or unless we are under a legal obligation to do so. If you do not wish to receive any mailings from us at all please inform us . Our postal address is:
Tails Up Bait Ltd
Walthambury Farm
Pleshey Road
Great Waltham
Chelmsford
Essex
CM3 1AY
Tel: 07979 157240
Who Else Will We Tell About You?
We will not pass on your personal details to any other third party, including site sponsors or advertisers, without your permission. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to our third-party partners, but these statistics will not contain any information about you from which you could be identified.
Your Consent
By making an enquiry with tailsupbait.co.uk you consent to the collection and use of the information you provide solely for the purposes of processing and fulfilling your request. All changes to this document will be on this page, keeping you up to date with our privacy policy whenever it may change.
Your Guarantee
All our goods are covered by a 'no arguments' 8 day guarantee. If you are not satisfied with the goods supplied they can be returned within 8 working days for a full refund.
Feedback
We welcome your questions and comments about privacy, please send emails to info@tailsup.co.uk
Payments
By making a purchase on tailsup.co.uk we require full payment to be made before your order is dispatched. If the full amount of the invoice is not paid we reserve the right to contact you to complete the order. In the unlikely event that system errors are involved in the erroneous payment we may contact you to complete the order.
Factory Proceedures & Allergies
Tails Up manufacture all products in house under the factory location of our current premises Walthambury farm, CM3 1AY.
Warning: The factory contains wheat and nut products that may mean traces are on or in all our prducts that Tails Up supply.
share this article
Article
ARTICLES
Mike Webb
Mike Webb
Instagram
Facebook
T & C
Contact us
Submit media
Ordering, Delivery & Collection
Newsletter
Tails Up Bait
Quality Fresh Frozen Bait
01245 690707
07979 157240
© Copyright Tails Up Bait 2020 |
Website
powered
by
Skyblue
Creations
Ltd.