http://www.bjcraftsupplies.com/help.asp?hid=03#privacy
Menu
Home
Craft Supplies
Basics
Beads
Belts
Bolo Supplies
Clocks
Cords
Dolls
Floral Supplies
Holiday
Jewelry Findings
Kits
Lamp & Lighting
Miniatures
Music
Party & Shower Supplies
Patterns (Free)
Plastic Canvas
Rhinestones
Sequin
Sewing
Windchimes
Wooden
Site Map
What's New
Site Helps
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms of Service
Information Privacy Policy
How To Order
Abbreviations & Sizing Information
Print Order Form
Testimonials
Shipping Information
Other Resources
Site Map
Search
We continue to be open and are shipping orders daily.We sincerely thank you for supporting family owned small business America!
Quality Craft Supplies Ranging From the Usual to the Not So Usual, Delivered To Your DoorExcellent Customer Service - Fast Shipping - Online since 1994!
Have a Craft Question? Post it on our Facebook page!
Terms of Service and Important Information
Your source for craft supplies. Offering a wide variety of general craft supplies for your project.
Errors and Omissions:
Every effort is made to prevent errors in size, pricing, and quantities of merchandise listed on this web site, but is not guaranteed. Typographical and other errors do occur occasionally. BJ's Craft Supplies is not liable for errors or omissions and reserves the right to refuse or cancel the order for any item.
In the event that an item is listed with an incorrect price we will inform you of the correct price and give you the option of accepting the correct price or cancelling your order for that item.
Out of Stock Inventory:
You may order items on our website that are currently Out of Stock. It takes approximately 2-3 weeks for Out of Stock items to arrive to us once you have placed your order, unless otherwise noted.
It is the customer's choice on your order, whether or not to wait for any out of stock merchandise to arrive before having your order shipped, or to ship what we have now and then ship the remainder when it arrives. There will be shipping charges on each package shipped.
If you have not indicated your preferences regarding out of stock items on your order we will ship your order when the out of stock item arrives to our warehouse.
An item listed on our site does not guarantee that we have it in stock. We do not offer rain checks for items that are out of stock and cannot guarantee the price on new shipments. The listed price, description, color, size or quantity of any out of stock item is subject to change when we get a new shipment in. Information listed on our web site may not be honored on subsequent shipments however, we do our best to update this information as soon as we become aware of it. We are sorry for the inconvenience.
We cannot accept "rush" orders for small quantities of out of stock merchandise.
Back orders: We will be glad to backorder out of stock items at your request. Most items will be back in stock within 15-30 days. However beads and music boxes may take 180 days or more before they arrive.
Discontinued Items:
Some items on our site are listed as a Discontinued Item. This means that the item has been discontinued and we may only have small, limited quantities of the item. We cannot guarantee stock for these items. We will send you an email before we ship letting you know if an item is not available.
Special Orders:
We require payment in advance, including estimated shipping charges and any special handling costs on Special Orders. Special orders for small quantities of a product may be subject to a handling charge.
Special orders are not returnable and non-refundable unless the item you order is unavailable.
Shipping:
(Note: Please see our shipping page for more information.)
All orders are shipped via the U.S.Postal Service Priority Mail, First Class Service or UPS after payment has been received, unless customer requests otherwise. All orders, except First Class, are assigned a tracking # to aid in locating missing packages.
We are not responsible for any lost, delayed, misdirected or damaged orders incurred during shipping, regardless of how or with whom they are shipped. The shipper is responsible for your package once they take possession of it. Damages and losses do occur occasionally. We will be happy to provide you with your tracking number but please contact the shipper for any problems you may encounter.
Packages shipped via UPS are automatically insured up to $100.00 in value. Packages shipped via USPS are automatically insured up to $50.00 in value.
Normal delivery time averages 2 - 7 days to U.S. addresses with either carrier. Shipping times will be delayed during the holiday season when shipping volumes are much higher so order early during these times.
Customer is responsible for all taxes, duties, customs and other costs incurred in shipping to your destination. If you live outside of the U.S. be sure to learn about these charges and which, if any, are applicable to you, before you place your order. Customer will be charged for all taxes, duties, customs and other costs incurred plus 10% handling fee, that get billed back to us because the customer did not pay them.
Be sure to inform BJ's Craft Supplies of any special shipping instructions or if a package can only be delivered through a specific carrier. Customer is responsible for any additional shipping charges incurred as a result of omitting this information.
Customer is responsible for all ancillary shipping charges by the shipper due to incorrect or partial address, incorrect classification, or undeliverable packages.
Please be sure to include your email address with your order if you would like to receive shipping and tracking information on your package.
Special Shipping: We will honor your special shipping requests or instructions. Shipping charges will be based on costs incurred to ship by your instructions. We will also ship by other carriers and services per your arrangements. There is a $2.00 handling charge for these shipping arrangements. Special shipping arrangements and/or handling charges are non-refundable.
Lost or Damaged Packages:
Be sure to check your tracking number with the post office to verify delivery.
We will be happy to assist you in the event that this happens to your package. However, please keep in mind that we are not responsible for any lost, delayed, misdirected or damaged packages incurred during shipping, regardless of how or with whom they are shipped. The shipper is responsible for your package once they take possession of it. Damages and losses do occur occasionally. Packages shipped via UPS are automatically insured up to $100.00 in value. Packages shipped via USPS Priority Mail are automatically insured up to $50.00 in value. Packages shipped via USPS using the First Class service are NOT insured. We strongly recommend that you insure your package if the value is over these amounts.
If your package is damaged we encourage you to take pictures of your package before you open it and of the damaged contents after you open your package.
UPS:
UPS requires the shipper (us) to file a damage claim. If you receive a damaged package shipped through UPS please save the package and any loose contents and contact us within 5 days of delivery. If you are available when your UPS driver presents a damaged package to you have him fill out a damaged package report or have them sign a hand written note stating that they delivered your package in damaged condition. We will file a claim with UPS for you and reship your package to you. Customer assumes all liabilities for loss if customer does not report the loss or damage to us or UPS within 5 days of receipt of package.
USPS: USPS requires the recipient (you) to file a claim for damages incurred during shipping. If you receive a damaged package shipped through USPS you will need to file a claim on their website here, https://www.usps.com/help/claims.htm.
DO NOT return any merchandise that was damaged, broken or have missing pieces to us.
Payments:
We currently accept payment in U.S. currency only, in the form of credit card and PayPal. We accept Discover, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards only.
For your protection all credit card orders should be sent to us either online or by phone or regular mail.  DO NOT send your credit card information by unsecure email. We are not responsible for any losses or damage resulting from a customer sending his credit card information in email.
Due to increasing fraud and theft problems with credit cards we have increased our security. For your protection and for ours, if paying by credit card, we require your credit card billing address and CVC number from the back of your card. We cannot accept your credit card without this information. We reserve the right to refuse your payment by credit card if we suspect an unauthorized usage problem.
Other Charges and Fees:
A .50 Error Transaction Fee per incident will added to your invoice if we cannot process your credit card payment due to incorrect information provided by the customer. Required information includes card holder's name, credit card number, expiration date, your name, your full shipping address and zip code, your credit card billing address (the address where you receive your credit card statements) and your CVC (or CVV) number from the back of your card. A valid day time phone number or email address is required to be able to contact you should we have a question about your order.
We strive hard to treat our customers right! Please contact us first if there is a problem with your order. If a credit card charge back is initiated by the customer and found to be due to customer mistake or error, all bank handling and merchant fees will be charged back to the customer.
Customer is responsible for all ancillary shipping charges by the shipper due to incorrect or partial address, incorrect classification, or undeliverable packages.
Refused, Undeliverable or Unclaimed Packages:
We are not responsible for any packages returned to us as refused, unclaimed, undeliverable, or because of incorrect or insufficient address.
If your package is returned to us we will make every attempt to contact you. If we are unable to contact you we will hold your package for 60 days from the date of the invoice. The customer is responsible for any reshipping fees.
If we have not heard from you within 60 days we will issue an in store credit for your invoice amount, minus a 10% restocking fee, shipping fees, and any billed or applicable fees (includes Priority Processing). This credit will be valid for 6 months from date of issue.
If customer chooses not to have their order reshipped any refunds will be made in accordance with our returns and refunds policy.
Privacy Policy:
The payment process for our shopping cart is on a secure server for your safety.
We ask for your phone number and/or email address so that we may contact you if we have any questions about your order or to relay shipping/tracking information.  We never use your email address or phone number for anything other than taking care of your order. We do not do phone or email solicitations.  Be assured that all information received from our customers is kept confidential and will NEVER be shared with other organizations. However, all information collected will be used in any way deemed necessary for visitors found abusing this site, or in the pursuit of collection of returned checks or outstanding debts.
To see what McAfee's SiteAdvisor™ Security has to say about us click here.
Return Policy:
Special orders and cut yard goods cannot be returned.
Be sure to inspect your order as soon as you receive it. Regular items may be returned for refund of purchase price within 90 days of purchase. Cut yard goods and special order items may not be returned.
All returns MUST include a signed copy of your invoice with the reason for your return in writing. Returns that do not include this required information will not be processed. We strongly recommend that you add tracking to your returned package. We are not responsible for lost, damaged, or misdirected packages.
Returned item(s) must be unopened, in their original packaging, and undamaged.  If your refund is less than $2.00 you will be issued an in store credit. Please see Refund Policy below for more information.
Customer is responsible for all shipping and processing charges unless the reason for return is because you did not receive exactly what you ordered. We are not responsible for color variations between what you see on your monitor and the actual color of a product.
Do not return packages or products that were damaged during shipping. Please see the information for Lost and Damaged Packages on this page for more information.
We are not responsible for the accuracy of any order that does not include all of the information as specified in our "How to Order" instructions. The customer will be responsible for all shipping charges on returned or exchanged items if the error is due to incomplete or inaccurate ordering information.
Restitution for craft kits with missing or damaged parts is limited to
replacement of parts or a refund, at the disgression of BJ's Craft Supplies.
Special Orders are not returnable. Please see above for more information on Special Orders.
Consignment craft items are sold "as is".  No returns or refunds will be accepted on consignment craft items
If you are unsure about returning something please contact us first. If you send something back to us for return and we are unable to honor your request for any reason, the customer will be responsible for any additional shipping charges to send the package back to the customer. If the customer does not make arrrangements for reshipping we will consider it as abandoned property after 30 days and it will be donated to an appropriate charity organization.
Refunds - See below
Cancellations:
Orders cannot be cancelled after it has been processed.
Priority Processing:
Priority Processing
insures that your order will be processed and be readied for shipping on the same day that your order is received. Due to
USPS route schedules orders filled after 12pm may not ship until next day.
Your order will be shipped out by regular shipping methods* on the same day if received by 9am (Central Time). Orders received after 9am with Priority Processing will be processed immediately but will ship on the next business day.
Priority Processing DOES NOT include any type of special or rush shipping arrangements. Rush shipping charges are additional and must be specifically requested by the customer.
* Regular shipping methods
are USPS or UPS.
Priority Processing fees are non refundable.
Refunds Policy:
$ .01 - $ 1.99 -
Due to high banking costs, credit card charges, mailing costs and a large number of small, uncashed refund checks we now issue credit vouchers to customers for all refund amounts up to $1.99. Refund checks may be issued if specifically requested.
$ 2.00 - up-
For refund amounts of $2.00 or more - If you pay by credit card or Paypal we will credit your account, if possible.
Non-product charges such as but not limited to shipping, insurance, Priority Processing, transaction error fees are not refundable.
Product Variances:
All photos shown are representative of the product only (unless specified otherwise). The product you receive may be different than photos shown online. Be sure to contact us if your purchase has specific size or appearance requirements.
Assortment packages may not include the exact colors and quantities shown in photos.
Because of variances in configurations of computers and monitors the colors you see may not be the actual color/shade of the item you receive. Bead colors may vary slightly from one lot to the next so be sure to order all you will need to complete your project.
BJ's Craft Supplies is not responsible for these differences.
Product Count Variances:
Bead counts stated may not be exact. Beads are packaged according to weight and may vary from count listed on packages. Be sure to purchase enough of your item to cover any count variations. BJ's Craft Supplies is not responsible for these variations.
Craft Kits:
We try to make sure that we only offer kits from reputable, responsible sources. Even so, unfortunately there are times when kits may have broken or missing parts. We are not responsible for these errors. We will be glad to refund your money or exchange your kit provided the kit is returned in accordance with our return policy.
Other Important Information:
Service -
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone.
Samples -
We are a retail company and do not send out samples of our products.
Donations -
We receive a large amount of requests for donations. To be fair to everyone we no longer provide donations. Thank you for understanding.
Links to Other Helpful Information:
* How to Order
* How to Pay
* Shipping Charges
* Sales Tax
* Priority Processing your Order
* Our Mailing Address
* Currency Conversion
MENU
Home
Craft Basics
Beads
Belt Buckles
Bolo Making Supplies
Clock Parts
Cords
Doll Making Supplies
Floral
Holiday Crafts
Instruction Books
Jewelry Making Supplies
Kits
Lamp & Lighting
Miniatures
Music
Party Supplies
Patterns (Free)
Plastic Canvas Menu
Rhinestones
Scrapbooking
Sequins
Sewing Supplies
Wind Chimes and Parts
Wood
Information and Help
Search this Site
What's New
Site Map
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Order
Shipping Rates
Terms of Service
Sizing Information
Clearances / Sales
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Print an Order Form
Terms of Service
Ask a Question
Contact Us
Craft Supplies Home
Links
Fun Craft Patterns
Looking for patterns and ideas for your next craft project?
Chic Clara's Crafting Corner
Fun crafting projects blog with a unique name!
Add your website link here.
Add a permanent link to your craft related website on every page of our website. Contact us for more details.
See What We Are Doing on Facebook!
Follow Us @_craftsupplies
What is Priority Processing?
Wood Doll Heads
Assorted wood doll heads for your project in a variety of sizes and styles.
Felt Fabric Squares
We have a great selection of colors of felt fabric squares. Perfect for felt projects, felt patterns, jewelry, craft projects, padding for protecting delicate thing and much more!
Metal and Rusty Tin Miniatures
Mini rusty tin watering can, mini rusty tin pale, mini galvanized watering can, mini rusty tin bucket. Great for miniature scenes or for filling.
Miniature Garden Tools - Mini Garden Tools - Mini Shovel - Mini Spade
Miniature garden tools, miniature hand tools, mini bucket, mini watering can, tool miniatures, miniature rakes, mini pitch forks, mini tools and miniature shovels.
Angel Miniatures
Angel miniatures available in many styles and sizes. Choose from flat back angels, cherub angels, angel ornaments, sinamay angels, abaca angels, angels playing musical instruments and many others.
Frequently Asked Questions
What's New
Contact Us
Shipping Rates
Print an Order Form
Terms of Service
Abbreviations
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Sizing Information
Links
How to Order
Testimonials
Search
© Copyright, 1994-2020, BJ's Craft Supplies, All rights reserved, Craft Supply Depot.   661 Abrameit Rd, Goliad, TX  77963. 361.645-3325         h000