http://www.ausslifespice.com/homemade_nav/terms.html
Australian Life SpiceAll Natural Organics !
Made in Brooklyn NY.
Home
| Sitemap |
About |
Testimonies |
Register |
Contact |
Privacy |
Terms
BATHESSENTIALS
BODYOILS
HAND & BODYLOTIONS
HOMEMADECANDLES
GIFTBASKETS
HOMEMADEINCENSE
OILBURNERS
BATH
OILS
LOTIONS
CANDLES
GIFTS
INCENSE
BURNERS
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FAQ'S
What are your shipping and handling policies?
Is my information kept private?
Is my transaction secure?
What are your methods of payments?
What if I am not sure if I like what I ordered? -- is your merchandise returnable?
How long will it take before my order is shipped out?
What is the minimum order?
What should I do if items are damaged?
Can your policy change at any time?
What should I do if I have a problem?
What are your shipping and handling policies?
Here at Australian Life Spice our basic shipping policies are basic UPS, FedEx and Airborne ground service, residential and business and USPS priority and parcel post. Express shipments are also available; please send e-mail for a price quote.
International Customers:
We ship only by UPS Worldwide Expedited service or USPS.
The number of packages, weight and girth of each package is considered when selecting a shipping method for overseas transport.
We will select the least expensive method of shipping from the two services listed above.
All payment for product must be in U.S. Funds.
Buyer is responsible for any customs or duty taxes that may apply. There is a $10.00 international handling fee placed on all orders.
Top of Page
Is my information kept private?
Yes all personal information is always kept private and never shared or sold.
Top of Page
Is my transaction secure?
Yes all transactions through this site are completely secure. The transactions are encrypted with the latest technology, before sent across the internet, so the chances of someone "grabbing" your information are greatly impossible.
Top of Page
What are your methods of payments?
At Australian Life Spice we accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Money Orders, Pay Pal & Princess Credit Card.
Top of Page
What if I am not sure if I am going to like what I ordered -- is your merchandise returnable?
All of our skin care, bath and body, and fragrance lines of merchandise are NOT returnable. We do understand that all people are different, and not everyone will agree on what smells or feels great.
Most of our lotions and body fragrance lines can be overwhelming, upon ordering please place in the suggestion box if you would like your product to be a lighter fragrance so we can accompany to your needs to make all your future orders right!
We are unable to accept returns because we can no longer vouch for the contents of a bottle or package once it's left our hands.
We can only refund or exchange other household items such as oil burners and incense holders if you are not happy with the quality of the product.
Top of Page
How long will it take before my order is shipped out?
All orders are shipped out as soon as possible upon completion.
Because we are a home-based company, products are made up immediately upon each order.
All our products are not pre-made and we hand make them upon request.
Mostly all orders are shipped out within a period of 1-2 weeks, based on a first come first served basis.
Top of Page
What is the minimum order?
There is really no minimum order.
All orders are shipped out as soon as possible once completed.
However, any order over $100 will be shipped free of charge, retail only applied to customers within the United States.
Top of Page
What should I do if items are damaged?
If goods are damaged please email us at support@ausslifespice.com as soon as possible so we may attend to this problem immediately.
If you have a digital camera, please take a photo of the damaged product and send to us at the above address for evidence so we may correct your order promptly.
This is part of our new age policy program so that we can conserve on time correcting your order and not worrying about unnecessary shipping and handling charges for broken materials.
Here at Australian Life Spice, we believe in quicker customer satisfaction guaranteed.
Top of Page
Can your policy change at any time?
Here at Australian Life Spice we have the rights to revise and change our policy whenever needed.
Prices for products may be subjected to change at any present time, our website will always be updated.
Customers are assured that the prices they see on the website will be the prices available to them.
Top of Page
What should I do if I have a problem?
If you have a problem with any of our skin care products, or general information please feel free to call us at (718) 209-5706 from 12-5 Eastern Standard time Monday through Friday or e-mail us at support@ausslifespice.com for any further queries.
We will attend to your needs promptly for here at Australian Life Spice we specialize in customer satisfaction guaranteed.
» Top of Page
» Home
NEWSLETTER
Just Enter Your Email
New Updates
New Products
Specials and Discounts
Great Information
Beautiful gift baskets for that special someone
We respect the privacy of all our visitors. We do not sell or distribute any information obtained from this website
Copyright Australian Life Spice © 2003
Contact
Webmaster for Any Problems
This site is best viewed with 1024 X 768
Compatiable with IE and Netscape 4.0+
We Respect Your Privacy Always
Email your
Comments to us
Bath and Body Products
* Revitalizing Sea Salts
* Lavishing Body Spritzers
* Vibrant Cleansing Lather
Body Oils
* Aroma Therapy Oils
* Essential & Fragranced
* Soothing Aromatic Massage
Hand and Body Lotions
* A Skins Dream
* Uplifting & Moisturising
* Heels The Skin
Homemade Candles
* Made With Bee's Wax
* Many Colors & Sizes
* Wonderful Fragrances
Homemade Gift Baskets
* Design Your Own
* Unisex Assortment
* Wrapped For Any Occasion
Homemade Incense
* Hand-Dipped
* Rids House of Odors
* Wonderful Fragrances
Oil Burners
* Inexpensive
* Safer Than Others
* Heavy Wrought Iron
* Female Hygiene
* Avoid Dirty Toilets
* Disposable & Biodegradable