http://www.eimi.com/privacystate.htm
Privacy Statement for Eagle Marketing
Eagle Marketing has created
this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices
for this website: Eagle Marketing,Inc.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
Our site's order form requires users to give us contact information
(like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from
the order form to send the user information about our company. The
customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when
necessary.
This site contains links to other sites. Eagle Marketing, is not
responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products,
and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email
address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers).
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information
about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also
used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about
the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information
from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive
our service.
You can send email to eagle@eimi.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
Eagle Marketing,150 W. 1st Street Cortland, NE 68331-0008
You can call the following telephone number: 402-798-7664
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing
and modifying information previously provided.
email eagle@eimi.com
send mail to the following postal address:
Eagle Marketing,150 W. 1st Street,Cortland, NE 68331-0008
call the following telephone number: 402-798-7664
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you
can contact
Erin Davison
Eagle Marketing
150 W. 1st Street
Cortland, NE 68331-0008
erin@eimi.com