https://www.fishandsave.com/?cart_id=8701070.103731&sid=1GNSVN7YDHEwd&help=1&hs=payment
JUST IN TIME FOR THE HOLIDAYS - HUGE SAVINGS - PLUS FREE SHIPPING ON ALL U.S. ORDERS!
My Account
|
View Cart
|
Help
Visit Wholesale Site
Search Our Products
Home > Help & Customer Service
Product Categories
Rods
Reels
Lures
Flies
Tackle
Accessories
Fishing Specialty Shops
Bass Fishing
Fly Fishing
Trout Fishing
Salmon Fishing
Saltwater Fishing
Jansen Tackle
Special Deals
Today's Deals
Clearance Items
Price Drops
New Arrivals
Wholesale/Liquidation
Newsletter Sign-Up
Sign up to receive Special Offers
Wholesale Savings
Are you a reseller looking to improve your margins? We want to help! Click here to apply for our wholesale discount program now!
Unbelievable Prices - Everyday
Selling Exclusively Online
- Since 1997 -
With over 100,000
Satisfied Customers Worldwide
FishAndSave.com Helpful Information
Our help section is designed to help you navigate our sight as easily as possible! Please choose from the selections above or below to help you find an answer to your problem ...
Shipping & Delivery
U.S. Shipping Rates & Transit Times
Orders are generally processed within 2 business days. Shipping transit times are normally 2-7 days depending on your location and the shipping method. Orders are shipped via FedEx, UPS or USPS at our discretion.
All U.S. orders SHIP FREE for a Limited Time!
Premium Shipping
Most orders within the U.S. have the option to choose Premium Shipping during checkout. This guarantees that the order will be processed within 1 business day and will only use Ground or Priority shipping methods. Premium Shipping ensures that the order will not ship first-class, media mail, SurePost or SmartPost which may significantly extend the shipping times. Please Note: we can only process orders with verified payment. If the payment cannot be verified, we cannot guarantee that the order will ship within 1 business day.
Tracking Your Shipment
All orders shipped will include a tracking number when available. You will receive the tracking number in the order shipment confirmation. You can also find the tracking number by logging into your account and viewing the order. To track the shipment, simply click on the tracking link or copy/paste the tracking number into the shipper's website which you can find below. You should also be able to paste the tracking into Google to find the relative results.
Lost, Late or Damaged Shipping
Lost or Late Shipments
If your tracking information shows that your package was delivered, but you can't find it:
• Look for a notice of attempted delivery
• Look around the delivery location for your package
• See if someone else accepted the delivery
• Wait until the end of the next day as sometimes packages can show as delivered while still in transit
If the tracking information doesn't appear to be updating correctly, please contact the carrier.Click here for shipping carrier contact information.
Damaged Shipments
If your order arrives damaged you may return it for full refund as stated in our Return Policy.
Shipping Carrier Contact Information
If you need to contact the carrier, you can use the following contact information:
CarrierPhoneWebsite
FedEx1-800-463-3339www.fedex.com
UPS1-800-742-5877www.ups.com
USPS1-800-222-1811www.usps.com
International Orders
We ship International orders using FedEx International Priority, USPS International Priority or USPS International First Class. We will notify you of the available shipping options and costs. Your order will be held pending approval of shipping cost. You will be responsible for any additional customs fees if applicable.
FishAndSave.com must declare the total order amount on all International orders using required customs forms.
Shipping time usually takes 3-8 days, depending on the method used; however some International destinations can take up to a month. It is the customer's responsibility to check with their countries customs for lost or delayed packages. Lost package claims can only be filed 45 days after shipping.
Please Note: We will pre-authorize your credit card an additional amount, depending on your country, to cover expected shipping costs. This is not an actual charge, only an authorization and will be adjusted to the correct amount when the order ships and your payment is processed. If the pre-authorized amount does not cover the shipping, we will create a second charge for the shipping and remove any additional charges from the order when we process it.
Returns & Refunds
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
You may return any purchased item for a full refund within 30 days for any reason. We will refund the full price of the returned item after we receive it. The product must be in its original condition. Shipping can only be refunded on damaged products or items shipped in error by us.
Product Returns
Within 30 days of receipt of your order, you may return any item, in its original condition for a full refund. FishAndSave.com will only cover return shipping if the item is damaged or was shipped incorrectly.
Please Note: You must request and receive a Return Authorization prior to returning any item. Any items returned to FishAndSave without a prior Return Authorization will not be processed.
To request a Return Authorization, send an email to moc.evasdnahsif@snruter. Please include your original invoice number, the product number and the reason for the return. You will receive a Return Authorization with return shipping instructions once processed and approved by our return center. Enclose the slip in the carton, wrap the package securely, and send it to the address listed on your Return Authorization slip.
For your protection, please use FedEx, UPS or Insured Parcel Post with tracking for shipment.
Product Exchanges
We cannot process product exchanges. If you have found another item on our site that you would prefer over the one that you have already received, we ask that you place a separate order for the new item and that you return the unwanted item. Once we have received and processed the returned item, we will notify you via email of your refund. Please note that we can refund shipping costs only if the return was a result of our error.
Your Account
Account Login
You can log in to your account by clicking the My Account link at the top of any page and entering your email address and password. You will always be directed to a secure 256-bit SSL connection while in your account.
Password Problems
If you cannot remember your password or are having issues logging into your account, you can request to have your password changed by clicking the "Forgot your password?" link on the My Account login page and entering your email address. We will send you an email with instructions on how to update your password.
Note: We do not have the ability to tell you what your current password is as all passwords are encrypted on our secure server and cannot be viewed by anyone.
Changing Your Email Address
If you have a new email address and need to update your account, simply log into your account using your registered email address and password and click on the "Account Information" section. Next, click on "Edit" next to your Email Address and enter your new email address. We will send an email to both your existing and new email address to notify you of the change.
Updating Your Shipping / Billing Address
If your shipping and/or billing address has changed, you can update them by simply log into your account and click on the "Shipping / Billing Information" section. Next, click on "Edit" next to the address you need to change.
Updating or Removing your Payment Information
If your payment information has changed, or you wish to delete the current payment method from your account, simply log into your account and click on the "Shipping / Billing Information" section. Next, click on "Edit" next to the current Payment Information to update it. Click on Delete Card to delete it from your account.
Payments & Ordering
Accepted Payment Options
We accept most major payment methods including Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express & PayPal.
Payment Authorization
When your order is submitted, the credit card payment is authorized for the full amount which may show up on your statement. This is not an actual charge. The payment will only be charged/captured when your order ships and the authorization will be removed. Please note that some banks will hold the authorization for up to 2 business days after the card is charged. If you see both the authorization and the capture and believe you were double charged, we encourage you to contact your bank to clarify the charges. We assure you that you will only be charged one time for the order.
Credit Card Verification
Your first order with us may include a payment verification amount (less than 20 cents) in the initial authorization. This amount varies and will be removed when the order ships and the charge is completed.
In the case where your billing/shipping address does not match the credit card provider and/or the CVV (security code) does not match, we may require that you verify the amount authorized prior to shipping.
Sales Tax
We do not collect sales tax for orders shipped outside Nevada.Orders shipped within the State of Nevada will be charged the applicable sales tax as required by law.
Wholesale Accounts
Wholesale Discounts
If you are a Retailer, Reseller, Fishing Guide or Wholesaler ... If you have a large brick & mortar store, a small flea market stand or only sell online, we want to help. We offer HUGE discounts and liquidation prices on all of our products. Wholesale orders are always shipped free to U.S. customers and are backed by our unconditional 30 day satisfaction guarantee.
To learn more and apply for our Wholesale Program please click here to fill out our application. It only takes a few minutes and you will be able to start saving right away!
Please Note: Wholesale discounts may not apply to Special Order or Custom Order items.
Product Listings
Current Inventory & Stock-Outs
Our current product inventory is displayed on our site for each product. The quantity available is live and accurate. We do not back order or custom order items.
Out of Stock Items
Our products move fast. Once an item is gone, we cannot guarantee if or when it will be restocked. If a product you are viewing is not currently available, you can have us notify you if we restock it. Simply click on the "Notify Me" button next to the product description and we will send you an email the moment the item is back in stock.
Product Descriptions
All items listed on our site are new unless otherwise stated. Some items may have missing or damaged packages (see below) but the product is new and is fully covered by our 30 day satisfaction guarantee.
Bulk ItemThe item is new but does not include the original packaging and/or paperwork
Open BoxThe item is new but has been previously opened and is 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed.
RefurbThe item may show slight imperfections but is 100% Satisfaction Guaranteed.
Damaged PackagingThe item is brand new but the package may be missing or damaged.
Pricing & Promotions
Pricing Policies
We strive to offer the best deals found anywhere. Our current prices are subject to change and are only valid at the time of purchase.
Sales Prices & Discount Promotions
We may discount prices or offer special promotions for certain products at any time. These prices are only valid during the promotion and may not be honored once the promotion ends. Prices shown on the website will reflect the current special or promotion. No further discounts will be included. Certain products such as Daily Specials, Price Drops, Clearance Items and Special Orders may be excluded from further promotional or sales pricing. Other restrictions may apply. We reserve the right to modify or change pricing at any time without notice.
Daily Specials
Every day we choose a selection of products and discount them with great savings. These prices are only available during that day and while supplies last. Click here to view our current daily specials or to sign up for our daily specials email.
Price Drops
These products prices will drop daily until the product is sold out or is removed from the promotion. Availability can change quickly with these products. Click here to view our current Price Drop items.
Clearance Items
Items in our clearance section are priced to move quickly. The prices are only valid while supplies last or until they are removed from clearance. Click here to view the available clearance products currently in stock.
Price Matching
FishAndSave.com does not price match with other retailers, however we always welcome comments if you do find a product cheaper elsewhere as we will do our best to match or beat the price the next time we get the product in.
We do not price match on our sales items if the items were purchased prior to the sale. If an item that was previously purchased goes on sale, you can return the items purchased within 30 days for a full refund.
Free Gifts
Your order of $50 or more is eligible to receive a free gift. You may choose from a wide selection of products. You may select a gift directly from your cart or click here to learn more, view and select your free gift.
Promo Codes
FishAndSave.com may choose to offer a special promotion code that can be entered prior to checkout. This code can be entered when viewing your current cart. When you enter a valid code, your cart will be updated to reflect the promotion. Promo codes may have an expiration date and/or a limit on the number of uses. Most promo codes can be used only one time prior to expiration.Please note: Promo codes are not eligible on wholesale orders. Free shipping promo codes are only eligible for U.S. addresses.
Special Order Items
Special order items may delay shipping by an additional day. Wholesale discounts, Promo Codes and/or Sales prices may not apply to Special Order items unless specifically stated.
Newsletter Subscriptions & Opt-Outs
FishAndSave Newsletters
By signing up for the FishAndSave Newsletter, you will always be notified of upcoming sales, promotions and events as well as new products that have been recently added to our inventory! To sign up for the newsletter, use the form on the left navigation menu.
Daily Specials Newsletter
Each day we choose a random selection of products and offer them to you at HUGE savings. These prices are valid for one day! By signing up for the Daily Specials Newsletter, we will inform you each morning of that days specials!To view Today's Specials and/or to sign up for the Daily Specials Newsletter, click here!
Opt-Out / Unsubscribe
You may opt-out or unsuscribe from our newsletter at anytime by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any newsletter or by logging into your account and unchecking the newsletter option.
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and promise to never share your information, including email address, with anyone at any time. Click here to view our current Privacy Policy.
A Quick Note About Cookies
We only use non-identifying cookies that allow us to customize our site to your preferences and deliver features such as a more convenient shopping cart, quicker checkout and order tracking. If you decide to not use or reject any cookie from FishAndSave.com, you will still have full access and use of our website without some of the features that serve to make our site a better experience for you. For more information on cookies, please refer to our Privacy Policy above.
Data Security
We promise to protect your personal information. Any page at fishandsave.com that asks you for personal information will be encrypted and highly secure. Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption and firewall technology throughout the ordering process. All payment information is encrypted and sent to the card processor through an encrypted connection. To further ensure your security, we use state-of-the-art SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect your personal information from unauthorized use.
Legal Notice
Click here to view our posted Legal Notice.
About FishAndSave
FishAndSave.com, formerly GoFishin.com has been selling exclusively via the Internet since 1997. We have surpassed 45,000 satisfied customers and have shipped to every state and over 75 countries.
We have accomplished this goal by providing:
Quality merchandise backed by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee
The best possible prices ... anywhere!
An order accuracy/fill rate over 99.5%
Process and shipping orders within 24 business hours
100% commitment to customer service
Our motto is simple, "We are not happy until you are!"
FishAndSave.Com searches the globe for the best deals on quality fishing gear and brings them to you online. Since many of our items are limited quantity closeouts we list our "live" inventory numbers directly to you. You can order as many or as few items as you like. We encourage small orders. If you give us a try we know you will be back. FishAndSave.Com provides the best value anywhere!
Contact Information
Contact us by Email
For quickest response, please email us using one of the following addresses:
Sales/Product Informationmoc.evasdnahsif@selas
Order Problemsmoc.evasdnahsif@troppus
Product Returnsmoc.evasdnahsif@troppus
General Informationmoc.evasdnahsif@selas
Website Difficultiesmoc.evasdnahsif@nimdabew
Advertisingmoc.evasdnahsif@ecivres
Retailer Informationmoc.evasdnahsif@ecivres
Contact us by Telephone
FishAndSave can be contacted by telephone at (775) 857-3474 during limited business hours.
Mailing Address
You can mail us directly at the following address:
FishAndSave.com
63 E Freeport Blvd
Sparks, NV 89431
FishAndSave strives to be best in customer service and welcomes your feedback!
We try our best to ship each order within 24 business hours. Many orders ship the same day they are placed. Your satisfaction is our main priority. All orders are guaranteed to meet your satisfaction or we will refund the cost to you.
Your Satisfaction is our #1 Goal - Shop with Confidence!
Desktop Site |
Home |
Rods |
Reels |
Lures |
Tackle |
Accessories |
Help |
Contact |
Shipping |
Privacy
© 1997-2020 FishAndSave.com