https://www.telecharge.com/siteinfo.aspx?siteinfotype=policies
We're very sorry, but we had a problem canceling your order. Please try again.
Home
Shows & More
Gift Cards
Audience Rewards
Are you sure want to cancel the Tickets?
Online Privacy Policy
TERMS AND
CONDITIONS & PRIVACY POLICYThe rules and explanations below are the Terms and Conditions of use (“Terms”)
of this web site (the “Site”, also “we”; “us; “our”). These Terms represent our
current policy regarding your use of the Site, and, in the section titled
“PRIVACY POLICY”, below (the “Privacy Policy”), our collection of data through
your use of the Site, and our use of that data. These Terms and the Privacy
Policy apply to the operator of this Site, The Shubert Organization, Inc., and
its affiliate entities. We may change these Terms at any time and from time to
time, effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Please read these Terms
before using the Site. If you cannot comply with these Terms please do not
access or otherwise use the Site. By using the Site, you are indicating your
agreement to be bound by these Terms.Limited LicenseWe grant you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable license to visit and use the
Site, provided you agree to comply with these Terms and the other policies and
conditions governing your use of the Site. Nothing in this license, or in the
Site, shall be construed as granting you any other rights or privileges with
respect to the Site or its content. In addition, we may terminate your right to
access or otherwise use the Site at any time, without giving you notice.Use RestrictionsWe are providing the information on the Site for your personal and
noncommercial use only, subject to our giving you express written permission to
use the Site otherwise. You may not copy, modify, distribute, display, perform,
create derivative works from, or transfer any of the content on this Site
(except for your own personal, non-commercial use) without our prior, express
written permission.You may only use the Site for lawful purposes. Please make sure that your use of
the Site complies with all applicable local, state and federal laws. You may
not disrupt, modify or interfere with the Site or its associated software,
hardware or servers. In addition, you may not interfere with the use of the
Site by others.You agree that you will not use any automatic device, software, or routine
including, without limitation, any robots, spiders, webbots, web wanders,
crawlers, worms, or webants, or any manual process which may overload our
network or servers or in any way interfere or attempt to interfere with the
operation of the Site. In addition, you agree not to employ any of the
foregoing in an effort to circumvent any security measures we have in place to
protect the Site or to enforce our policies, including without limitation, and
if and where applicable, the “CAPTCHA” system used on this Site and limits on
ticket purchases. You agree not to attempt to conceal your identity in any way
or by any means, including by using multiple names, physical addresses,
Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, or e-mail addresses to interact with the
Site, including, if and where applicable, to purchase tickets on the Site;
engaging in IP spoofing, IP address forgery, host file hijacking, or similar
conduct; interacting or engaging with the Site through proxy servers or virtual
private networks, such as Hola! or similar services, used to mask your
identity; and/or undertaking any similar conduct and/or using any similar
products or services to access the Site in such a way as to conceal your identity.If you violate these Terms (or if we in our sole discretion believe you have
violated any of these Terms), we may terminate your use of the Site, bar any
future use of the Site by you (and by any IP addresses we believe to be
associated with your use of the Site), cancel any purchase order made by you,
and/or take appropriate legal action against you including, without limitation,
seeking civil, criminal and injunctive redress.LinkingThis Site may contain hyperlinks to other web sites. Unless otherwise stated,
which statement may be contained on said hyperlinked website, we do not operate
these other web sites and are not responsible for, and do not endorse the
contents, information, products, or services provided on, any hyperlinked web
sites. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable,
directly or indirectly, for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused
by or in connection with your use of or reliance on such hyperlinked web sites,
or the contents, information, products or services provided on such hyperlinked
web sites.We grant you permission to link your website to the home page associated with
this Site, located at http://www.telecharge.com/, subject
to these Terms and your agreement to comply with all such Terms, and provided
that your linking to the Site does not cast the Site or any websites affiliated
with the Site or with us in a false or misleading light. You may not link your
website to any internal page on this Site without our express written
permission. In addition, you may not frame on another website any information
located on this Site without our express written consent. You may request such
consents by sending an e-mail request at affiliate@shubertticketing.com. The
permission granted herein to link to the home page associated with this Site
may be revoked at any time without cause. You may not link to our home page
from any website that (a) violates any applicable law or regulation, (b)
infringes the patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual
property rights of others or violates any privacy, publicity, or personal
rights of others; or (c) contains defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive, or
hateful information or expressions. You agree to hold us harmless and indemnify
us against any claims, losses, liabilities or expenses, including reasonable
attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection with your linking to our Site
or the use by others of the contents, information, products or services
provided on your site.Intellectual PropertyTELECHARGE(R), TELE-CHARGE(R), TELECHARGE.COM(R), THE SHUBERT ORGANIZATION(R),
LITTLE SHUBERT(R), ONE SHUBERT ALLEY(R), IN THEATRE NETWORK(R), INSITE
TICKETING(R), BROADWAY SPOTLIGHT(R), BROADWAYDISCOUNTS(R), BROADWAY INBOUND(R),
BROADWAYOFFERS(R), PLUMBENEFITS(R), and NEW WORLD STAGES(R) are registered
trademarks owned by this Site and/or entities affiliated with this Site,
including The Shubert Organization, Inc. Other trademarks appearing on this
Site are the property of their respective owners. You may not publicly use any
trademarks owned by us without our express written permission. You also may not
publicly use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” that incorporate our
trademarks without our express written permission. You may request such
permission by sending an e-mail request at affiliate@shubertticketing.com. In the
event that we grant you such permission, you will not gain any rights to our
trademarks.The contents of this Site, such as text, graphic images and other materials
(the “Works”) are protected under U.S. and foreign copyright law. The Works may
include text, software, graphics, photographs, videos, music and sound. In
addition, the aggregated contents of this Site are copyrighted as a collective
work/compilation. You may not reproduce, copy, edit, publish or transmit the
Works in any way without our express written permission. You may request such
permission by sending an e-mail request at affiliate@shubertticketing.com. In the
event that we grant you such permission, you will not gain any ownership rights
to our copyrighted material.We do not grant you any express or implied right under any of our trademarks,
copyrights or other proprietary information, and we reserve all rights not
expressly granted herein to the same. You may not modify or download any of the
content or materials found on this Site; use the content or materials found on
this Site for any public display, performance, sale, or rental; transfer,
remove, modify, or alter any trademark, copyright, or other proprietary content
or materials from this Site; or copy any content or materials from this Site
for any purpose prohibited by these Terms.DisclaimerYou are using this Site at your own risk. We do not guarantee that your
personal information will remain private. Please see our Privacy Policy, below,
for information regarding the measures we take to protect your personal
information. We do not promise that there will be no errors transmitting
information to and from this Site. We do not promise that information you
receive from this Site is accurate or reliable or that this Site is free of
computer viruses or other harmful mechanisms. We make no guarantee of the
availability of any tickets or specific results from the use of the Site or of
our service.THIS SITE AND ITS CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WE DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IF YOUR
USE OF THIS SITE OR THE CONTENT ON THE SITE RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING
OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.Limitation of LiabilityTO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEB
SITE AND ITS CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER
LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.IndemnityBy your use of this Site, you agree to waive any claims you may have against us
for any damages that you may incur as a result of your use or attempt to use
this Site. We may make claims against you for use of this Site that violates
these Terms and any other policies posted on this Site. You agree to hold us
harmless and indemnify us against any claims, losses, liabilities or expenses,
including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or in connection with your
use of this Site or violations of our policies posted on this Site.DisputesThese Terms and any dispute regarding these Terms shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with New York State law without regard to principles of
conflict of laws. Except as otherwise stated explicitly in these Terms, any
disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Site may only be brought
in the state or federal courts located in New York County, New York State.
Therefore, by accepting this policy, you are agreeing to submit to the
jurisdiction of such courts for any claims arising out of your use of this
Site.PRIVACY POLICYThe explanations below detail this Site’s privacy policy, including the types
of information we collect, security measures we use to safeguard that
information, how we use and share that information, and how you can opt out of
having your information shared with certain third parties. Some of the
information written below may be inapplicable to you depending on your use of
this Site.1. What types of
information do we collect?We collect information from you when you use this Site. This information may
include your name, e-mail address, post office address, telephone number,
payment information, and other personal data you enter when visiting this Site
(collectively, “personally identifiable information” or “personal
information”). If you are a corporate user, we may also collect your company name
and company data in addition to the data listed in the previous sentence
(collectively, “company information”). We collect this information when you
enter it voluntarily when registering on, making a purchase through, or
otherwise using this Site. In addition, we collect information regarding your
use of this Site through the use of cookies and similar technology, such as
pixel tags. For example, cookies allow us to recognize when a user returns to
the Site and to track a user’s behavior on the Site. We may use this
information to track your event preferences and the frequency with which you
visit our Site. We also collect other types of non-personal and/or non-company
information, such as your IP address, your preferences, and information about
the type of device you are using to access our Site. We may combine such
information with personally identifiable information and/or company information
in order to customize your experience on the Site and to suit your preferences.
In addition, we may use the information we collect for purposes of marketing,
software development, and statistical analysis and to determine your interests
so we can better serve you, and we may share the information we collect with
third parties, as described below.2. What kinds of security
measures do we take to safeguard your information? To protect your personally identifiable information and/or your company
information, this Site uses Digital IDs from VeriSign, a leader in internet
transaction security and SSL or “Secure Socket Layers”, an industry standard
protocol, for completing online transactions. Once you submit personally
identifiable information and/or company information when completing an online
transaction using this Site, that information is encrypted and secured to protect
against unauthorized use or disclosure to other parties. Any credit card we
maintain is stored in an encrypted and secured manner.This Site is also part of the Shubert Ticketing eCommerce infrastructure, which
is owned by The Shubert Organization, Inc. As such, it is maintained with a
comprehensive set of technical and procedural security controls, consistent
with those required by the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard
(“PCI-DSS”), intended to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of the associated information and systems. To learn more about
PCI-DSS, please visit https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org.3. How do we use your
information? We store your personally identifiable information and/or company information so
we can provide you with better and more convenient service. We use your mailing
address so that we can send your tickets to the proper address and to authorize
any credit card purchase. We may use your home or company telephone number to
contact you with customer service information. We may use your e-mail address
to send e-tickets to the proper address or to contact you with customer service
information. We may also use your personally identifiable information and/or
company information for the other purposes described elsewhere in this Privacy
Policy. We may share your personally identifiable information and/or company
information with others, as described below.4. Whom may we share your
information with and can you opt out of having your information shared? (a) Event Providers,
Marketing Messages, and Other MerchantsWe provide ticketing services on behalf of others, including the owners and
operators of the venues where the events for which you purchase tickets are
being presented and the presenters of the events (collectively, “Event
Providers”). We may share your personally identifiable information and/or
company information with Event Providers to allow the Event Providers to
contact you using your e-mail address and the other personally identifiable
information and/or company information you provide to us.We also may use your e-mail and/or mailing address to notify you of special
events, discounts, and similar items that may be of interest to you, and/or to
send you newsletters related to our shows or to shows to which you have
purchased tickets or browsed on the Site. We may send such marketing messages
directly or through an engagement with a third party for such purposes with
which we may share your e-mail and/or mailing address.From time to time we may also share your personally identifiable information
and/or company information with other merchants. However, we do not share your
e-mail address with other merchants, except as stated in the other sections of
this Privacy Policy. When we share your personally identifiable information
and/or company information with other merchants, we select merchants whose
products or services we believe may interest you.If you do not want us to share any of your personally identifiable information
with Event Providers; third parties which we engage to notify you of special
events, send you newsletters, or the like; or other merchants, you can inform
us of that wish by “opting-out”. When you place your initial purchase order
with us, you will be presented with “check-boxes” indicating whether you want
us to share your information as described in this subsection. If you do not
want us to share your information, please make sure to “uncheck” the
appropriate box. If you create or have created an account with us, your
decision will be remembered by the Site. If you do not create an account with
us, you will need to uncheck the appropriate box each time you place an order
with us. Alternatively, if you are receiving any e-mail from us or third
parties as described in this subsection, each such e-mail will contain an
“unsubscribe” link. Clicking this unsubscribe link will allow you to opt out of
receiving further communications from us or such third parties. If you are
receiving physical mail from us, please e-mail us at affiliate@shubertticketing.com to
request that we remove you from any relevant mailing list. Finally, even if you
do opt out from our sharing your personally identifiable information as
described in this subsection, we will still share that information for the
minimal purpose of processing your transactions on this Site and delivering the
goods and services you have requested. For example, for your own protection we
will still share your mailing address with our credit card processing company
to prevent unauthorized use of your credit card.(b) Business PartnersFrom time to time we may enter into agreements with other companies
(collectively, our “business partners”) to facilitate our transactions with
you, or to offer you additional products or services, including but not limited
to co-branded products and services. We may share your personally identifiable
information and/or company information with our business partners as part of
our agreements with them and to facilitate your transactions on this Site. For
example, if you select for your tickets to be delivered via FedEx, we will
share your personal information and/or company information with FedEx for
delivery and transaction purposes only. We may also share your personally
identifiable information and/or company information with our business partners
to enhance your use of the Site. For example, if you choose to use some of the
integrated social media features on the Site, we will share your personal
information and/or company information with the providers of such social media
features to the extent needed to enable the selected form of social media
communication.(c) Legal and
Administrative DisclosuresAny personally identifiable information and/or company information you submit
to us is subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government
subpoenas, warrants or orders.(d) Other Transfers and
PoliciesIn addition to the policies described above, we otherwise reserve the right to
disclose or share your personally identifiable information and/or company
information when we, in good faith, determine that such disclosure will help us
comply with the law (including but not limited to in response to lawful
requests by public authorities including national security and law enforcement
authorities), protect the security or safety of our property, including but not
limited to the Site, or the property of a third party, or is otherwise legally permissible
and will help us in the administration of the Site. In addition, your personal
information and/or company information may be shared with a third party in the
event of a transfer of our ownership or assets.In the case of any sharing of your information described in this Privacy
Policy, including all examples of sharing of your information included in
paragraphs (a) through (d) preceding, the recipient’s use of your personally
identifiable information and/or company information will not be subject to this
Privacy Policy, and we will not control the recipient’s use of your personally
identifiable information and/or company information once we have shared it. The
recipient’s use of information we transfer to it is governed by its own privacy
policy and/or by any applicable laws and regulations. If you wish to know more
about how such third party uses your personally identifiable information,
and/or if you wish to opt out of receiving communications from such third
party, you will need to contact that party directly about its privacy policy
for further information.5. CookiesThis Site also collects non-personal information and other data using cookies
and similar technology placed onto your computer’s hard drive. Cookies perform
a myriad of functions for web users and web sites, including that they allow us
to recognize repeat users and to track users’ behavior on the Site. We may
combine the information we collect from cookies with your personally
identifiable information and/or company information to improve our services and
to customize the information we present to you on the Site to suit your
preferences. We may share this information with Event Providers and other third
parties (as noted above) so that we (and they) can communicate with you in a
more personalized and directed manner.We may also allow third parties to monitor activity on this Site using their
own cookies, pixels, and similar technologies for the purpose of reporting
website traffic, statistics, targeted advertisements, “click-throughs” and/or
other activities. We and third parties monitoring activity on this Site may
share the information gained through such monitoring activities.You can control, via your computer and browser security setting, whether a
cookie is placed on your hard drive. Once it is there the company which placed
the cookie (not necessarily us) can control how it is used. You may set the
preferences on your web browser to refuse or limit the placement of cookies on
your hard drive. However, the refusal to accept any cookies will prevent you
from using many of the features of the Site. You can also delete cookies placed
on your hard drive using your browser options.6. Third Party Marketing
and Display AdvertisingWe also share aggregated and other non-personally-identifiable, non-company,
and anonymous information with third parties for marketing purposes. For
example, we share aggregated and other non-personal/non-company/anonymous
information with Event Providers and marketers who are members of the Network Advertising
Initiative (NAI) and engage in online behavioral advertising (OBA), also known
as interest-based marketing. If you would like to opt out from receiving any
OBA from NAI members visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.Opting out using the NAI opt-out tool only applies to OBA by NAI member
companies. The opt-out choices you select using the NAI opt-out tool are stored
in opt-out cookies on your computer. Deleting cookies from your computer may
also remove your opt-out preferences, so you may want to periodically visit the
NAI opt-out page using the link above to review your preferences.7. Social MediaWe contract with third party technology providers to allow you to communicate using
various forms of social media while you are on the Site and on social media
platforms that you elect to use. If you did not opt out as described in
subsection 4(a) of this Privacy Policy and/or if you elect to communicate using
social media on the Site, your information will be shared with the providers of
the social media platforms and with the third party technology providers as
needed to enable the use of the selected social media while you are on the
Site. When you post information on social media platforms, how your information
is used is governed by the terms of use and privacy policy of the social media
platform on which you post. If you post information on social media platforms
that includes any of the content or materials from this Site, your post must
comply with all requirements of these Terms.8. How can you access,
update, or correct your personal information? We give you the ability to access, update, and/or correct the personally
identifiable information and/or company information that we collect from you.
If you created or otherwise have an account with us, you may update your
personal information by visiting https://www.telecharge.com/accountinformation/. You may
always update your personal or company information by contacting our customer
service department.9. How can you contact
us? If you need to contact us for any other reason, please email us at affiliate@shubertticketing.com or
contact our customer service department.10. Protection of ChildrenPersonal information collected about children under age 13 is protected by the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. It is our policy not to
knowingly solicit or collect any personal information on this Site from
children under the age of 13. If you are younger than 13 years old, please do
not submit or share with us any personal information on this Site. In addition,
please tell your parents you are using the Site and have your parents e-mail us
at affiliate@shubertticketing.com so that
we may delete any information we may have collected about you.In addition, we may not collect or process information from a citizen of an EU
member state under the age of 16 without such person’s parents’ consent. If you
are a citizen of an EU member state under the age of 16, please do not submit
or share with us any personal information on this Site. In addition, please
tell your parents you are using the Site and have your parents e-mail us at affiliate@shubertticketing.com so that
we may delete any information we may have collected about you.11. Your California
Privacy RightsCalifornia law permits our customers who are California residents to ask us
about what information we collect from them and maintain about them, and about
how we collect it, use it, and if and how we disclose it to third parties—all
as described in the preceding sections of this Privacy Policy.  California residents may also request that we
not disclose information that we have collected about them to third
parties.  If you are a California
resident, you can make these inquiries or requests by emailing us at affiliate@shubertticketing.com, or by
calling us, toll-free, at 833-967-0685.
We will not discriminate or retaliate against you in any way for making
any inquiry or request as described herein; however, please understand that
certain features of this Site and our services will be unavailable to you if
you choose not to permit us to collect, use, transfer, or disclose data about
you, or if you ask us to delete data we have collected about you.12. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
and Swiss-U.S. Privacy ShieldWe self-certify under, comply with, and are committed to the EU-U.S. Privacy
Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, as set forth by
the U.S. Department of Commerce, regarding the collection, use, and retention
of personal information from European Union Member countries and Switzerland.
If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the
principles of the Privacy Shield Framework, the principles of the Privacy
Shield Framework shall govern.The Shubert Organization, Inc., has self-certified that this Site adheres to
the Privacy Shield privacy principles of Notice; Choice; Accountability for
Onward Transfer; Security; Data Integration and Purpose Limitation; Access;
Recourse, and Enforcement and Liability; and to the Privacy Shield’s related
supplemental principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, and
to view The Shubert Organization, Inc.’s certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome.For Privacy Shield purposes, this policy applies to The Shubert Organization,
Inc., and its Privacy Shield Covered Entities: Broadway Inbound, Inc., Guaranteed
Software Execution, Inc., and Telecharge.com.If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not
addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute
resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request/.In
certain cases, we may remain liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if we
transfer your personally identifiable information to third-party processors of
that data who then process that data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy
Shield Principles. We will not, however, retain such liability if we can prove
that we are not responsible for the act or omission in question that is inconsistent
with the Privacy Shield Principles.In
certain cases, our use of your personally identifiable information may be
subject to investigation and enforcement under the U.S. Federal Trade
Commission or another U.S. statutory body, and/or you may be able to invoke
binding arbitration to assert your rights.13. How will we notify you if we have made any
changes to our Privacy Policy? At the bottom of our Privacy Policy, we have
posted the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy. If that date has changed since
the last time you visited our Site, it means we have made a change to the
Privacy Policy.Effective Date: May 12, 2020