http://www.carithers.com/support/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Privacy Policy
Home
Support
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Flower Care & Info
Affiliate Program
Local Delivery
Last Modified – July 31, 2016
Carithers Flowers respects the privacy of visitors to our website. This privacy policy applies to the online collection of personally identifying information via websites and/or mobile applications operated by Carithers Flowers, our affiliated companies and subsidiaries. This privacy policy statement does not apply to information collected in any other way, including offline. Please read this policy carefully so that you fully understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information. If you have questions about this policy, please email us at service@Carithers.com. Our website may contain links to sites maintained by third parties. This privacy policy statement does not reflect the privacy practices of those sites or their owners. This privacy policy statement applies to each of our websites that we display it on. It is not applicable to any websites we do not display it on.
What Information Do We Potentially Collect?
We collect personal information from you whenever you voluntarily provide that information to us while submitting a contact request, request for price quotation or request for a website evaluation. When using the contact request options on our website, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, phone number, subject and description of the information or services you are interested in. You may, however, visit our site without providing us with your personal information if you prefer. We have deployed Google Analytics code on our website. This code is designed by Google to us to gather website traffic data and information via “Cookies.” We encourage you to review the policy section below labeled “Do We Use Cookies?”
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience while you visit our website. The information we gather helps us to better respond to your individual needs. To improve our website. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you. To improve customer service. Gathering data helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs. The email address you provide may be used for order processing and may also be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information on our site. Despite these measures, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will always be unable to defeat our security measures.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, the Google Analytics program running on our website does in fact utilize cookies. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. You may opt to receive or block cookies. These cookies enable sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. The website traffic information gathered through these cookies allows us to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. We do not link data gathered from third party cookies back to any personal information received via voluntary information submissions from our website.
We, and/or our third-party advertising service providers, may also place cookies or similar files on your computer for security purposes, to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our site. Cookies allow us to collect technical and navigational information, such as browser type, time spent on our site and pages visited (these types of cookies are typically referred to as “Session Cookies”).
The majority of modern browsers allow you to set up a notification which will alert you user each time a cookie is placed on your computer. Most browsers also allow you to block these cookies if that is your preference. Please be aware that some features of our website or our third party partner sites may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you are encouraged to email us at service@Carithers.com.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). Our website is not directed to children and we will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to use this website to provide us with any personally identifying information.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.Carithers.com
1708 Powers Ferry Road
Marietta, Georgia 30067
United States
service@carithers.com
×
Notice
General Store Information
Locations:
Carithers Flowers:
1708 Powers Ferry Rd SE
Showroom Closed - Curbside Pickup and Delivery Available
Marietta, GA 30067
770-980-3000
Carithers Flowers - Weddings & Events:
1708 Powers Ferry Rd
Suite 201
Atlanta, GA 30339
(770) 980-3000
Privacy Policy
Terms & FAQs
Site Map