http://www.giftcertificates.ca/privacy/
Skip to main content
Holiday Shipping Deadlines 2020:  FedEx - Dec 17  |  Canada Post - Dec 9
COVID-19 or weather conditions may cause additional unforeseen delays. If you miss these deadlines or just want to play it safe, you can still order an email GIFTPASS or e-gift card!
Privacy Policy
Givex Canada Corp. (“Givex”) is committed to maintaining the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). As part of this commitment, the following governs our actions as they relate to the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information. Givex’s values are guided by the Canadian Standards Association's Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information and comply with Canada's Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act.
Website Governed by this Privacy Policy
The website that is governed by the provisions and practices stated in this Privacy Policy is:
http://www.giftcertificates.ca (the “Site”)
Other Websites
The foregoing website may contain links to other third-party sites that are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Although we endeavor to only link to sites with high privacy standards, our Privacy Policy will no longer apply once you leave this website. Additionally, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other third-party websites. Therefore, we suggest that you examine the privacy statements of those sites to learn how your information may be collected, used, shared, and disclosed.
What Information is collected?
At Givex, we collect, use, and disclose Personal Information to provide you with the services you have requested and to offer you additional products and services we believe you might be interested in. Providing us with your Personal Information is always your choice. The types of Personal Information we may ask for depends on the nature of the services we provide you and typically includes your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. When you visit giftcertificates.ca, Personal Information is not collected unless you voluntarily choose to provide it. You are welcome to browse this Site at any time anonymously and privately without revealing any Personal Information about yourself. For purposes of maintaining quality service, calls to any of our customer service lines may be recorded. A recorded message given prior to your call being answered will let you know if your call may be the subject of our random call recording quality assurance program.
Type of Information We Collect
Personal Information
Most of the Personal Information we collect comes to us directly from you, and only with your consent. With your consent, we may collect Personal Information from you in a number of ways such as in person, over the telephone or by corresponding with you via mail, facsimile, or the Internet.
When you visit this Site, we may also collect from you Personal Information about another individual in order to send them a gift card or gift certificate.
As noted, the choice to provide us with Personal Information is always yours. However, your decision to withhold particular details may limit our ability to provide you with our services.
If we are unable to accommodate your request based on the information that has been provided to us, we may ask for additional details in order to identify other ways to be of assistance. Givex also maintains a file containing contact history that is used for customer inquiry purposes.
Anonymous/Non-Personal Information
At Givex, we also collect anonymous/non-personal information. Anonymous/non-personal information is information that we do not associate with or trace back to a specific individual or business entity. For example, our web servers collect some anonymous/non-personal information automatically when you visit a Givex website. Gathered electronically, this information may include the pages you visited, the type of web browser you are using, the level of encryption your browser supports and your Internet Protocol address. The anonymous/non-personal information collected may be used for internal research and analytical purposes, to help us improve our products, services and our websites, and occasionally for security investigations.
Consent
Your provision of Personal Information to us means that: (a) you agree and consent that we may collect, use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and (b) you or your representatives are authorized to provide us with your Personal Information. If you do not agree with these terms, you and your representatives are requested not to provide any Personal Information to Givex or on giftcertificates.ca. Certain services can only be provided if you provide Personal Information to Givex or on giftcertificates.ca. Consequently, if you and your representatives choose not to provide us with any required Personal Information, we may not be able to offer you certain services.
Children
Givex is committed to protecting the on-line privacy of children, including young teens, and making our websites safe for our users. To that end, no information should be submitted to or posted on this Site by anyone under the age of 18 without his or her parent or guardian's consent. In addition, if a user younger than 18 wishes to send us Personal Information, he or she must first give us his or her parent's or guardian's email address so that we can obtain their consent. No Personal Information will knowingly be accepted from anyone under 18 before such consent is obtained.
When Information May be Disclosed to Outside Parties
We are obliged to keep your Personal Information confidential except when authorized by you, when required by law and when permitted by law.
At Givex, we sometimes contract outside organizations to perform specialized services such as, terminal delivery and repair, and shipping and fulfillment services. Our trusted service suppliers may at times be responsible for processing and handling some of the information we receive from you. When we contract our suppliers to provide specialized services, they are given only the information necessary to perform those services. Additionally, they are prohibited from storing, analyzing or using that information for purposes other than to carry out the service they have been contracted to provide. Furthermore, as part of our agreements, our suppliers and their employees and representatives are required to protect your information in a manner that is consistent with the privacy policies and practices that we have established.
When Required by Law
The type of information we are legally required to disclose may relate to criminal investigations or government tax reporting requirements. In some instances such as a legal proceeding or court order, we may also be required to disclose certain information to authorities. Only the information specifically requested is disclosed and we take precautions to satisfy ourselves that the authorities that are making the request have legitimate grounds to do so.
When Permitted by Law
There are some situations where we are legally permitted to disclose personal information such as employing reasonable and legal methods to enforce our rights under our agreements, to collect a delinquent account or investigate suspicion of illegal activities.
With Whom We May Share Your Information
Our Employees and Contractors
In the course of daily operations, access to private, sensitive and confidential information is restricted to authorized employees who have a legitimate business purpose and reason for accessing it. For example, when you call us, our designated employees will access your information to verify who you are and to assist you in fulfilling your requests.
As a condition of their employment and their independent contractor agreement respectively, all employees and independent contractors of Givex are informed about the importance of privacy and are required to abide by the privacy standards we have established. They are also required to work within the principles of ethical behaviour as set out in our Code of Conduct and must follow all applicable laws and regulations.
Unauthorized access to and/or disclosure of customer information by an employee or contractor of Givex is strictly prohibited. All employees and independent contractors are expected to maintain the confidentiality of customer information at all times and failing to do so will result in appropriate disciplinary measures, which may include dismissal.
How We Safeguard Your Information
We use state-of-the-art technologies and maintain current security standards to ensure that your Personal Information is protected against unauthorized access, disclosure, inappropriate alteration or misuse. All safety and security measures are also appropriate to the sensitivity level of your information.
Customer Files
Customer files are kept in a highly secured environment with restricted access.
Online Security
We manage our server environment appropriately and our firewall infrastructure is strictly adhered to. Our security practices are reviewed and independently audited on a regular basis and we routinely employ current technologies to ensure that the confidentiality and privacy of your information is not compromised.
Givex uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and 128 bit encryption technologies to enhance security when you visit the secured areas of these sites. SSL is the industry standard tool for protecting and maintaining the security of message transmissions over the Internet. When you access your accounts or send information from secured sites, encryption will scramble your data into an unreadable format to inhibit unauthorized access by others.
To safeguard against unauthorized access to your accounts, you may be required to "sign-on" using a user ID and a password to certain secured areas of the giftcertificates.ca website. Both user id and password are encrypted when sent over the Internet. If you are unable to provide the correct password, you will not be able to access these sections.
When you call our customer service centre you will be required to verify your identity by providing some personally identifying information.
Accessing and Amending Your Information
At Givex, decisions are made based on the information we have. Therefore, it is important that your Personal Information is accurate and complete. As a customer, you have the right to access, verify and amend the information held in your personal file(s).
Amending Your Information
To help us keep your Personal Information up-to-date, we encourage you to amend inaccuracies and make corrections as often as necessary, however despite our efforts, errors sometimes do occur. Should you identify any incorrect or out-of-date information in your file(s), we will make the proper changes. Where appropriate, we will communicate these changes to other parties who may have unintentionally received incorrect information from us.
About Cookies
What is a Cookie?
A cookie is a small computer file or piece of information that may be stored in your computer's hard drive when you visit our website. On this Site, cookies are used to increase robustness and provide a more efficient navigation. Cookies cannot view or retrieve data from other cookies, nor can they capture files and data stored on your computer.
Cookies may be used by this Site to improve functionality and in some cases, to provide visitors with a customized online experience. Although cookies have the capability of accomplishing a variety of undertakings, Givex only uses cookies when they provide an obvious benefit to you.
If you would like to browse this Site, you may do so without accepting cookies. However, you should understand that if you choose not to accept cookies, some areas of this Site may not function properly or optimally.
Cookies are widely used and most web browsers are configured initially to accept cookies automatically. If you prefer not to accept cookies, you may adjust your browser settings to alert you when a cookie is about to be sent, or you may configure your browser to refuse cookies automatically. If you would like to learn more about how to set your cookie options, please refer to your browser's documentation or online help for instructions.
Questions, Concerns and Complaints
To access or make changes to the Personal Information contained in your file or if you have a question, concern or complaint about the privacy, confidentiality or personal information handling practices of Givex, our employees or service suppliers, please contact:
Attention: Privacy Officer
Suite 1400
134 Peter Street
Toronto, ON
M5V 2H2
Phone: 1-877-478-7733
Email: privacy-officer@givex.com
Updating this Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy and information handling practices will be made in this policy in a timely manner. We reserve the right to add, modify or remove portions of this policy without notice when we deem it is necessary to do so. You may determine when this policy was last updated by referring to the modification date found at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
LAST UPDATED: August 15, 2019