http://www.viviano.com/pages/privacy.asp
Your Privacy
At Viviano.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
We use the information we collect about you to process orders
and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please
read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address,
mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date.
This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify
you of your order status.
How does Viviano.com protect customer information?
When you place orders or access your account information,
we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software
(SSL) encrypts all information
you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the
customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized
access.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are
stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our
cookies do not contain any personally identifying information,
but they do enable us to provide features such as "cool
notify" reminder service and to store items in your shopping
cart between visits. Most Web browsers automatically accept
cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent
that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the
features in our store, including placing items in your shopping
cart and purchasing them.
Will Viviano.com disclose the information it collects
to outside parties?
Viviano.com does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information
to others.
In summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information
we collect on the site to make shopping at Viviano.com possible
and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not
sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use
of this information by Viviano.com. If we decide to change
our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page
so that you are always aware of what information we collect,
how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
© Copyright 2020, Viviano Flower Shop.