http://www.bodymint.com/terms_privacy.asp
Helpful Info
Returns
Shipping
Site Help / FAQ
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy Policy
Body Mint – USA, LLC (“BodyMint – USA”)knows that you value your privacy.
Body Mint – USA is respectful of your privacy concerns and is working to protect any personal information that you provide to us. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information we collect, what we do with it, what we don’t do with it, and how we keep it safe.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
I. What Information Does Body Mint Collect?
A. Information That You Provide to UsIn order for you to order Body Mint online, or sign up for our auto delivery service, you will need to set up a customer account and provide us with some personal information about yourself. The information that we collect includes: (1) your name; (2) your postal address (billing address and shipping address); (3) your telephone number; (4) your e-mail address; and (5) your credit card information.
We also ask you to complete a short, confidential survey after you submit your order.  This survey is optional and is designed to collect information that will help us improve Body Mint and your experience at our website.
If you enter our Auto Delivery Hawaii Trip Giveaway sweepstakes by mail, we collect your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and age.
If you only subscribe to our newsletter and special deals email service, then we only collect your e-mail address.
B. Information That We Collect AutomaticallyWe also collect certain types of information automatically whenever you access and use our website. Examples of the information we collect automatically include: (1) the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; (2) the browser software you are using; (3) your operating system; and (4) the date and time you access our website. This information is not cross-referenced with customer names or any other order information and therefore is not personally identifiable. This information is used solely for statistical purposes and to ensure that you are able to access the website properly on your computer.
C. CookiesCookies are pieces of information that some companies transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to keep track of the date of your most recent order from Body Mint online. As explained in our Terms and Conditions of Use, our ongoing efforts to prevent fraudulent credit card orders have caused us to allow visitors to make only one purchase per day through Body Mint online. The cookies enable us to enforce this policy. We also use cookies to determine whether you are a first-time or repeat customer at our website. Please note that although cookies do identify a website user’s computer, cookies alone cannot personally identify a user.
D. Collection of Personal Information from ChildrenBody Mint – USA believes that it is extremely important to protect children’s personal information. As such, as discussed in our Terms and Conditions of Use, no one under the age of 18 is allowed to use our website’s online ordering feature. We therefore do not collect any personally identifiable information from children.
II. What Does Body Mint Do with the Personally Identifiable Information It Collects?
The primary reason why we collect personally identifiable information from you is to allow you to place online orders for Body Mint and subscribe to our auto delivery service. We need the personally identifiable information so that we can bill your credit card and ship your Body Mint. If you ask to receive the BodyMint newsletter and special offers e-mail service, then we use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and special offers.
If you subscribe to our auto delivery service or enter our Auto Delivery Hawaii Trip Giveaway sweepstakes by mail, then we use your personally identifiable information to select and award the sweepstakes prize and to send you information about our products and special offers.
If you have filled out a confidential survey, we compile your responses with responses collected from other Body Mint customers to improve our products and website. We do not correlate survey responses with individual BodyMint customers or their accounts.
Body Mint – USA only discloses your personally identifiable information, including personally identifiable survey responses, to the company that processes credit card transactions for us, the company that handles the actual shipping of Body Mint, and the companies that maintain and host our website. This disclosure to our fulfillment partners and website companies is necessary for us to process online orders, process survey responses, and distribute the Body Mint e-mail newsletter. Our fulfillment partners and website companies are prohibited by their contract with us from selling, leasing, sharing, giving, or otherwise disclosing your personally identifiable information to any third party. Body Mint – USA does not sell, lease, share, give, or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to anyone else.
Please be advised, however, that we reserve the right to disclose any personal information about you without your prior consent if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to: (1) conform to legal requirements or comply with valid legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order; (2) protect our rights or property; (3) enforce the provisions of the Terms and Conditions of Use; or (4) prevent harm to you or others.
III. How Can You End Your Subscription to the Body Mint E-Mail Newsletter?
There are two ways for you to opt out of or discontinue your subscription to the Body Mint special offers and newsletter e-mail service. The first way is to click on the “Remove from list” link at the end of the newsletter, enter your email address in the space provided, and click on “remove”. The second way is to go directly to that page by clicking on this link. It usually takes us 1 – 2 business days to process opt out requests.
IV. What Kind of Security Does Body Mint – USA Use to Protect Your Privacy?
To ensure that your personal information is safe, we take reasonable precautions, through the use of updated security software and protocols, including the use of Secure Socket Layer Technology.
V. How Can You Find Out What Personal Information Is on Record?
If you have created a customer account, you can log onto your account and review the personal information we have on record about you. You can also contact us by email at customerservice@bodymint.com and ask us what information we have on record about you. If you haven’t completed and submitted an online order form on our website, created a customer account, or signed up for our auto-delivery service, then we don’t have any personally identifiable information about you.
VI. How Can You Correct the Personal Information on Record with Us?
It’s easy to make changes to the information we have on record about you. You can log onto your customer account and make changes directly to the information that appears in your account. Or you can email any changes to us at customerservice@bodymint.com.
VII. How Can You Get Additional Information About Our Privacy Policy?
For additional information about our Privacy Policy, please email us your question or request at customerservice@bodymint.com.
VIII. What Can You Do About Violations of This Privacy Policy?
If at any time you believe Body Mint has not adhered to the principles in this Privacy Policy, please notify us by email at customerservice@bodymint.com and we will make all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly correct the problem.
IX. What If You’re Not in the United States?
This Privacy Policy was drafted to comply with United States law. If you’re outside of the United States, the laws of your country regarding privacy might be different from those of the United States, and we can provide no assurances that our Policy and practices conform to the laws of all countries. You should consult an appropriate professional in your country if you wish to know whether our Policy and practices conform to the laws that protect privacy in your country.
X. Amendments to Body Mint – USA’s Privacy Policy
From time to time, it may be necessary for Body Mint – USA to amend this Privacy Policy. You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy so that you will be aware of any changes. However, if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our website. .
Please note that your continued use of this website means that you accept the amendments to this Privacy Policy.