https://www.beadfx.com/catalogue/privacy.html
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
We collect information from you when you register on our site.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you will be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address and mailing/shipping addresses. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To ensure that your orders can be delivered efficiently to you.
To gather only the information required to pay for and ship your orders.
To keep track of any Frequent Beader rewards earned, or other valuable offers.
To administer and track the interactive features on this site
To send periodic emails to you about your orders and other requests only IF you have signed up to our newsletter, to deliver our weekly newsletter to you.
Credit Card and other payment information is never kept or stored on this site.
It is collected only for the purpose of payment, passed only to your payment company for processing, and immediately destroyed.
None of our computers or staff can access this private information.
All handling for our website is in accordance with the official Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS)
When you post a review of our products or services, your name may be attached to the review.
When you use the wish-list features, your wish list may be shared with other customers who know your name and email address if it is a sharable wishlist.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are tiny files that this site shares with your Web browser to remember certain information.)
Without cookies, our computer cannot remember who you are as you move from page to page, or keep track of what is in your shopping cart or wishlist.
These cookies are normally destroyed
once you logout, or close your browser.
We may also use cookies to remember your preferences for visiting this site.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information, except for our contracted service providers who are bound to keep this information confidential, and then only the information required to perform their duties: information required for payment of orders is shared with the payment processor, and shipping information is shared with the hired shipping company (Canada Post, UPS, Fedex, USPS) to deliver your order, and for delivery of your email newsletters.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy.
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 2013-03-20
Back
Categories
Beads  Seed Beads  Crystals  Findings  Stringing  Gems & Stones  Supplies  Tools  Kits  Specialty Collections  Ready to Go Gift Certificates
Search
Advanced Search
Information
BeadFX Affiliate Program
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Contact Us
Order Status
Gift Certificate FAQ
Specials
[view more]
Findings - Regaliz -
Crystal Ends - Rose (Pair)
$4.49Save: 75%
Leather Lacing - 5mm Flat Leather Lacing - Dawn Pink (1 meter)
$1.93Save: 50%
Findings - Regaliz -
Crystal Ends - Light Siam (Pair)
$4.49Save: 75%
Findings - Regaliz -
Crystal Ends - Jet (Pair)
$4.49Save: 75%
Navigation
Home
Shop
Beads
Seed Beads
Crystals
Findings
Stringing
Gems & Stones
Supplies
Tools
Kits
Specialty Collections
Ready to Go
Gift Certificates
Cart
My Cart
[view more]
shopping_basket0Item(s) -$0.00Your cart is empty.