http://www.poolsupplies.com/page/privacy-policy
Home
PoolSupplies.com Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy (or “Policy”) explains the data collection and protection practices of PoolSupplies.com when you visit or use our Website, services, and publications.
2. The Information We Collect
We obtain information about you through the means discussed below when you use our Website or use our services. The information we collect and the purposes for which we use it will depend to some extent on how you interact with PoolSupplies.com. For example, we collect the information you provide when you purchase goods, request a refund, participate in our social networking features, subscribe to our promotional correspondence, or send us an email or feedback. If you elect to post material to any blogs or forums, or participate in our social networking features or other community boards that may be offered, then such materials will be collected and some information, including your posted pseudonym or name, may be publicly available for others to view. We, or our service providers on our behalf, may collect the following information about you.
A.	Information You Provide to Us:
Contact Information such as e-mail address, name, phone number, shipping address, and billing information
Customer service information such as questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms, by email, over the phone, or by post; and summaries or voice recordings of your interactions with customer care
Financial and transactional information such as credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date, to process payments and information about your transactions and purchases with us
User-generated content such as comments on articles, photos, videos, audio, any information you submit in public forums or message boards, reviews and feedback or testimonials you provide
Contact Information about others, (including personal identifiers) such as name and mailing address to send a gift. If you purchase a gift card your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.
Social media information (which may include contact information, photos, location, user generated content). If you access this through a third-party connection or log-in, we may have access to any information you provide to that social network depending on your privacy settings such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, gender, location, and current city; and information you provide to us directly through our pages on social networking and blogging platforms (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, WordPress, and Twitter)
Other information you choose to directly provide to PoolSupplies.com in connection with your use of our Website or any of our services.
B.	Information We Collect Automatically:
Device information and identifiers such as IP address; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers
Internet network and device activity data such as information about files you download,
landing pages, browsing activity, content or ads viewed and clicked, dates and times of access, pages viewed, forms you complete or partially complete, search terms, uploads or downloads, the URL that referred you to our Website; if you share our content to social media platforms; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers, whether you open an email and your interaction with email content, access times, error logs, and other similar information.
3. How We Use the Information We Collect
Depending on the services you use and how you use them, we, or our service providers, may use your information to:
Provide the services you request, including to maintain and service your account, for example to:
Process and fulfill your transactions
Payment processing
Send communications that you have requested
Provide community features and post your content
Communicate with You & Provide Customer Service, for example to:
Provide transactional or service communications, such as to send you an email newsletter, process refund requests, or to contact you about your account
Respond to your requests for information
Provide you with customer service and technical support
Personalize your experience, for example to:
Customize certain features,
Deliver relevant content and to provide you with an enhanced experience based on your activities and interests
Send you information about products and promotions offered by us, our partners, and other organizations with which we work
Customize advertising based on your activities and interests
4. How We Share the Information Collected
PoolSupplies.com may (and you authorize us to) share or disclose information collected from and about you to other companies or individuals as set forth below.
Service Providers We may provide access to information to vendors and affiliates that are performing services on our behalf, including fulfilling orders, managing our email lists and sending email messages on our behalf, processing payments, providing customer support, analytics providers, and performing other administrative services, in order to carry out such services.
Our Affiliates We may share information we collect with affiliates and vendors to provide you catalogs, deliver products and provide services to you.
5. Online Analytics and Advertising
Delivery of Advertising and Other Content. In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly, PoolSupplies.com may use third party advertising companies and marketing services to serve ads and other content. The ads may be based on various factors such as the content of the page you are visiting, your searches, and other information we collect from you. These ads may be based on your current activity or your activity over time and across other websites and online services and may be tailored to your interests. To opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or customize Google display network ads, visit the Google Ads Settings page. We do not control these opt-out links or whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out programs. We are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms.
Do Not Track. PoolSupplies.com does not act on “do not track” requests from your browser.
6. Your Rights & Your Choices
Marketing Emails. If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from us, click on the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional email from us. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take a period of time for your opt-out to become effective.
Opt Out of Sharing of Personal Information.
We do not sell any of your information to third parties except for your mailing and email address in order to provide you with catalog offers, promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you. If you would like to opt out of such sharing, you may do so by submitting an opt-out request by email to privacy@poolsupplies.com
or by calling us at (800)-356-3025. Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.
7.
Privacy Information for California Residents.
If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)).
A.
Data Access & Deletion Rights
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Delete certain personal information we have about you upon request.
Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, depending on your request and relationship with you verifying your name, email address, address, and/or having you respond to an email from us.
You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
B. Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information>
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like to opt out of such sharing, you may do so by submitting a sale opt-out request by email to privacy@poolsupplies.com or by calling us at (800)-356-3025.
Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.
8. Retention of Your Information
We keep your information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
9. Security
We are committed to ensuring that your financial and other information is secure. The financial information you provide is encrypted using 2048-bit RSA encryption.
Our TLS Certificate is issued and verified by GoDaddy.
In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure of any of your information, we have implemented administrative, technical and security safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the information we collect. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, while PoolSupplies.com uses reasonable efforts to protect your information, PoolSupplies.com cannot guarantee its absolute security, and your use of our Website and Services indicates your agreement to assume this risk.
10. Cookies
“Cookies” are text files with small pieces of data that we place on your computer when you use our Website.
We use cookies to enhance your user experience on our Website. For example, we use cookies to enable you to log in, add items to the Shopping Cart, checkout and suggest products on our Website that you may be interested in.
Our cookies are not shared with or used by any third parties.
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
Updated July 20, 2020