http://www.rugskilims.com/article/privacy
Call us on +44 (0)20 88760070
Toggle navigation
Login /
Register|
Price Match|
Email Us|
FAQ's
Shopping Cart
£0.00
View
|
Checkout
0
Select Categories
All Categories
Advanced Search
Sign Up
Home
Contact Us
About Us
New Arrivals
Clearance Sales
Cleaning
Repairs
Articles
Carpets and Rugs
|
Kilim Furniture
|
Runners
|
Flat Weave Kilim Rugs
|Kilim Cushions
|
Kilim Saddlebags
|Home Accessories and Gifts
|
Wall Hangings
|Kilim Handbags
|All Items
Privacy Policy
GO BACK
At Rug Store we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site http://www.rugskilims.com/ or communicating electronically with us. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms and Conditions, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.  We do update this Policy from time to time so please review it regularly.
Information We Collect
The Way We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Cookies
Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Rugstore website. On some pages, you may be able to order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit, Card Information (etc.)
We will safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, any information you share with us.
We will limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver our services to you, which includes advising you about our products, our services and other opportunities, and to administer our business.
We will permit only authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of customer information, to have access to that information.
Top
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when requesting information or services only to complete that request. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. For example, we may tell the design team that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our Membership form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses {except as may be required by law}.
We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of our customer information.
We will tell customers in plain language initially, how they may remove their names from our marketing lists. At any time, customers can contact us to remove their names from such lists.
Whenever we hire other organizations to provide support services, we will require them to conform to our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance.
We will attempt to keep customer files complete, up to date, and accurate. We will tell our customers how and where to conveniently access their information (except when we are prohibited by law) and how to notify us about errors which we will promptly correct.
Top
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Top
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us on 020 8876 0070. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Top
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call on 020 8876 0070 or send an email to: info@rugskilims.com
Top
Cookies
In order to provide better service or to address security hazards, we will occasionally use a "cookie." A cookie is a small piece of information which a Web site stores on your Web browser on your PC and can later retrieve. The cookie cannot be read by a Web site other than the one that set the cookie. We use cookies for a number of administrative purposes; for example, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our site.
Most cookies last only through a single session, or visit to our site. None will contain information that will enable anyone to contact you via telephone, e-mail, or any other means. You can set up your Web browser to inform you when cookies are set or to prevent cookies from being set.
Top