http://www.gallery-worldwide.com/terms.html
my cart
wish list
search
Go to Catalog
Select Artwork
Terms of use
Membership Eligibility
Fees and Services
We are not a seller
Identity Verification
Release
Information Control
Buyer
Listing and Selling
Your Information
Censorship
Access and Interference
Privacy
No Warranty
Liability Limit
Indemnity
No Agency
General
THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBES THE TERMS ON WHICH InterTAD OFFERS YOU ACCESS TO OUR SERVICES.
Welcome to the Terms of Use ("User Agreement") for the website Gallery-worldwide.com ("GWW.com") provided by Internet Technology Architecture and Development LLC ("InterTAD"). This Terms of Use describes the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our services. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use or access our services.
You must read, agree with and accept all of the terms and conditions contained in this Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy, which include those terms and conditions expressly set out below and those incorporated by reference, before you may become a member of GWW.com.
This Terms of Use is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users, and is otherwise effective on December 25th, 2003 for all users.
1. Membership Eligibility
Our services are available only to, and may only be used by individuals who can form legally buying and selling contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, our services are not available to minors (persons under the age of 18). If you are a under the age of 18, you can use this service only in conjunction with, and under the supervision of your parents or guardians. If you do not qualify, please do not use our Site.
2. Fees and Services
Cost of the services is a matter of 'Terms of Exhibition' and Agreement between exhibitor and InterTAD. Exhibitor has access to that information in its account.
3. We are not a seller
The Site acts as a venue to allow anyone to offer, sell, and buy just about anything, at anytime, from anywhere, in a variety of pricing formats. We are not involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers. As a result, we have no control over the quality, safety or legality of the items advertised, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of sellers to sell items or the ability of buyers to pay for items. We cannot ensure that a buyer or seller will actually complete a transaction.
4. Identity Verification
Because user verification on the Internet is difficult, GWW.com cannot and does not confirm each user's purported identity. Thus, we have established a user-initiated feedback system to help you evaluate with whom you are dealing. We also encourage you to communicate directly with potential trading partners through the tools available on the Site.
5. Release
Because we are a venue, in the event that you have a dispute with one or more users, you release IterTAD (and our officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures and employees) from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way connected with such disputes. If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code ยง1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor."
6. Information Control
We do not control the information provided by other users that is made available through our system. You may find other user's information to be offensive, harmful, inaccurate, or deceptive. Please use caution, common sense, and practice safe trading when using the Site. Please note that there are also risks of dealing with underage persons or people acting under false pretense. Additionally, there may also be risks dealing with international trade and foreign nationals. By using this Site, you agree to accept such risks and InterTAD is not responsible for the acts or omissions of users on the Site.
7. Buyer
Fill correct information for contact, payment and shipping. As a buyer, you are obligated to complete the transaction with the seller.
8. Listing and Selling
You must be legally able to sell the item(s) you list for sale on the Site. You must describe your item and all terms of sale on the listing page of the Site. Your listings may only include text descriptions, graphics, pictures and other content relevant to the sale of that item. All listed items must be listed in an appropriate category. All items in multiple item listings must be identical.
9. Your Information
Your Information (or any items listed) and your activities on the Site shall not: (a) be false, inaccurate or misleading; (b) be fraudulent or involve the sale of counterfeit or stolen items; (c) infringe any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy; (d) violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, antidiscrimination or false advertising); (e) be defamatory, trade libelous, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing; (f) be obscene or contain child pornography or, if otherwise adult in nature or harmful to minors, shall be posted only in the Mature Audiences section and shall be distributed only to people legally permitted to receive such content; (g) contain any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancel bots, Easter eggs or other computer programming routines that may damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information; (h) create liability for us or cause us to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our ISPs or other suppliers; and (i) link directly or indirectly to or include descriptions of goods or services that: (aa) are prohibited under this Agreement; (bb) are identical to other items you have up for auction but are priced lower than your item's reserve or minimum bid amount; (cc) are concurrently listed for sale on a web site other than GWW.com (this does not prevent linking to or advertising an GWW.com item from another web site); or (dd) you do not have a right to link to or include. Furthermore, you may not list any item on the Site (or consummate any transaction that was initiated using our service) that, by paying to us the final value fee, could cause us to violate any applicable law, statute, ordinance or regulation, or that violates our current Prohibited, Questionable and Infringing Items.
10. Censorship
Although we welcome all styles, themes, and manners of art production, we do have censorship. All artworks described in pp.9 as well as all real low level artwork, that do not fit any of galleries on the site and/or put under a wrong classification will be deleted. The term "low level artwork" is defined by the site administration.
If a 'seller' is providing the photographs of low quality, or not willing to communicate, or is aggressive or impolite to the requests of the webmasters, his items descriptions will be removed as well.
11. Access and Interference
Much of the information on the Site is updated on a real time basis and is proprietary or is licensed to GWW.com by our users or third parties. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Site for any purpose without our express written permission. Additionally, you agree that you will not: (a) take any action that imposes, or may impose in our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (b) copy, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute or publicly display any content (except for Your Information) from the Site without the prior expressed written permission of GWW.com and the appropriate third party, as applicable; (c) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activities conducted on the Site; or (d) bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site.
12. Privacy
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and we only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. We view protection of users' privacy as a very important community principle. We understand clearly that you and your information is one of our most important assets. We store and process your information on computers located in the United States that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. We use third parties to verify and certify our privacy principles. Our current Privacy Policy is available at http://www.gallery-worldwide.com/privacy.html. If you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way please do not use our services.
13. No Warranty
WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OUR SUPPLIERS PROVIDE OUR WEB SITE AND SERVICES "AS IS" AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY. WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OUR SUPPLIERS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Some states do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may also have other legal rights that vary from state to state.
14. Liability Limit
IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES OR OUR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR SITE, OUR SERVICES OR THIS AGREEMENT (HOWEVER ARISING, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE).
OUR LIABILITY, AND THE LIABILITY OF OUR SUBSIDIARIES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AND SUPPLIERS, TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTIES IN ANY CIRCUMSTANCE IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) THE AMOUNT OF FEES YOU PAY TO US IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE ACTION GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY, AND (B) $100. Some States do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
15. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us and (as applicable) our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents, and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your breach of this Agreement or the documents it incorporates by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
16. No Agency
You and InterTAD are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.
When using particular services on the Site, you agree that you are subject to any posted policies or rules applicable to services you use through the Site, which may be posted from time to time. All such posted policies or rules are hereby incorporated by reference into this Agreement.
17. General
This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within Delaware. We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our services, and operation of the Site may be interfered with by numerous factors outside of our control. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be struck and the remaining provisions shall be enforced. Our failure to act with respect to a breach by you or others does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof. Sections 2 (Fees and Services) with respect to fees owed for our services, 5. (Release), 11 (Access and Interference), 14 (Liability Limit), 15 (Indemnity) shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.
Online Art Register
A place to find all the
information related to art
and artist on the Internet
www.art-register.net
Online Art Reference
It is a unique source of
information dedicated to
to the art publications
artreference.50webs.com
Art Street Info Portal
Art Street on Net is any art
art developed in public spaces,
including the Internet
www.art-street.net
Art Path on Awardspace
Art Path on Awardspace
is a fee information service
service for anyone to look
artpath.awardspace.com
Art To Art Directory
Art2Art Directory is the
best place to browse art
for artists and galleries
art2art.110mb.com
Free Art Encyclopedia
The art-wiki is one more
approach to see the broad
subdivision of online culture
www.art-wiki.net
Project - Art Three
Art-3 is an art related,
multilingual, web-based,
encyclopedia online project
art-3.zxq.net
Art Research Project
An online service for easy
way to browse of all art
information from one place
artresearch.byethost9.com
| Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Sell my Art Online
| Art Directory
Oil Painting | Landscape Art | Abstract Art | Fantasy Art | Fine Nude Art | Original Fine Art
- Gallery Portals
Website provided by InterTAD - Internet Technology Architecture and Development LLC
Copyright ฉ 2003-2008. All rights reserved.