http://www.militarymart.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Have a look at our new MM Blog
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
These terms govern your use of this website and the terms on which you buy products on it. We are Hoods UK. Our trading address is: Unit 2 County Road, Business Park, Ormskirk, L39 3LY.
By using this website, and by buying products from us, you agree to be bound by these terms. If you do not agree with the terms, do not use this website or buy products on this website.
1. The contract between us
We must receive payment of the whole of the price for the products that you order before your order can be accepted. Once payment has been received by us we will confirm that your order has been acknowleged by sending an email to you at the email address you provide in your order form. All orders are subject to acceptance by us , and we will confirm such acceptance by sending you an email that confirms that the product has been dispatched ('Dispatch confrimation' / 'Shipping confirmation'). The contact between us ("contract") will only be formed when we sned you the dispatch confirmation. The contract will relate only to those products we have confirmed in the disptach / shipping confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other products which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such products has been confirmed in a seperate dispatch confirmation.
2. Price
The prices payable for products that you order are as set out in our website.
Goods on this website are priced in GBP and sales to UK addresses include VAT at 20%.
VAT no GB 865147310
You will be required to pay our charges for delivery. Our delivery charges are pre set on the website and are sent by whatever method is appropriate, although the site software states 1st Class, this could mean, courier, royal mail or international surface mail
3. Right for you to cancel your contract
The right to cancel set out below applies to standard products only. It does not apply to products that are produced specifically for you, For standard products, the following applies:
You may cancel your contract with us for the products you order at any time up to the end of the 14th working day from the date you receive the ordered products. You do not need to give us any reason for cancelling your contract nor will you have to pay any penalty unless any costs have been incurred.
To cancel your contract you must notify us in writing (to our trading address) [or by emailing mailorder@militarymart.co.uk], giving your full name and address and order reference number.
You must send the products back to our contact address at your own cost and risk as soon as possible.
Once you have notified us that you are cancelling your contract, any sum debited to us from your account will be re-credited to your account within 30 days of your order minus postage costs. To be eligible for the refund, we must have received the products in question from you and the products must be in the condition they were in when delivered to you. If you do not return the products delivered to you or do not pay the costs of delivery, we shall be entitled to deduct the direct costs of recovering the products from the amount to be re-credited to you.
4. Cancellation by us
We reserve the right to cancel the contract between us if:
- we have insufficient stock to deliver the products you have ordered; - you are outside the UK and we do not deliver to your area; or - one or more of the products you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error or an error in the pricing information received by us from our suppliers.
If we do cancel your contract we will notify you by e-mail and will re-credit to your account any sum deducted by us from your account as soon as possible but in any event within 30 days of your order. We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered.
5. Delivery of products to you
We will deliver the products ordered by you to the address you give us for delivery at the time you make your order.
Delivery will be made as soon as possible after your order is accepted and in any event within 28 days of your order.
Next day Delivery is a 98% accurate 24hr delivery for England and Wales, Scotland may take two days. We can only send Next day deliveries when the Show room is open therefore if an order is placed after 11.00am on Friday it would not be sent until Tuesday due the showroom being closed on a Monday. For NextDay deliveries orders made after 10.30 am cannot be guarantee'd for delivery on the next working. If an order is placed after this time we can not guarantee that it would be sent on that day. We advise to ring to ensure urgent parcels are being sent if an order is placed near or after the deadline.
You will become the owner of the products you have ordered when they have been delivered to you. Once products have been delivered to you they will be held at your own risk and we will not be liable for their loss or destruction.
6. Liability
If the products we deliver are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, we shall have no liability to you unless you notify us in writing at our contact address of the problem within [10] working days of the delivery of the products in question.
If you do not receive products ordered by you within [28] days of the date on which you ordered them, you must notify us within [40] days of the date on which you ordered the products. If you do not do so, we shall have no liability to you. If you notify a problem to us under this condition, our only obligation will be, at our option:
- to make good any shortage or non-delivery; - to replace or repair any products that are damaged or defective; or - to refund to you the amount paid by you for the products in question in whatever way we choose.
Unless it was reasonably foreseeable at the date that the agreement came into force, we will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses however they arise.
Nothing in these terms is intended to restrict any legal rights that you have or exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.
7. Events beyond our control
We shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver products you have ordered or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to products delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, breakdown of systems, flood, fire, explosion or accident.
We shall have no liability to you for any failure of any surplus product. All items are therefore sold as museum pieces and recommend items are not used for original purposes.
8. Privacy
You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy.
9. Acceptable use of this website
We do not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to the website.
You will only use the website in accordance with all relevant laws and regulations and not for any illegal purposes.
You agree that you will not try to damage the website in any way including:
- Using or inducing the use of any robot, spider, other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy the website or any content; - Using or inducing the use of any device, software or routine to bypass our security measures, or to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the website.
10 Legals
A person who is not a party to this agreement has no right under the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this agreement but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
If any part of these terms is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
All notices from you to us must be in writing and sent to our trading address.
The contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
These terms, together with our current website prices, delivery details, contact details and privacy policy, set out the whole of our agreement for the supply of the products to you by us.
11 Warantees / Warranty
The Seller warrants that the Goods will at the time of dispatch correspond to the description given by the Seller. Except where the Buyer is dealing as a Consumer, all other warranties, conditions, or terms relating to fitness for purpose, merchantability or condition of the Goods, whether implied by Statute, common law or otherwise are excluded, and the Buyer is satisfied as to the suitability of the Goods for the Buyer’s purpose.
All goods that are sold as 'surplus goods' and are usually pre-used, these surplus goods have no guarantee and no warranty is implied or inferred with regard to any specific items use or function. Any specialist equipment / goods are sold with the understanding that the buyer will ensure the goods are fit for purpose and therefore no liability will lie with us if the goods fail.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh