https://www.adigitalife.com/content/3-terms-and-conditions-of-use
Home
Terms and conditions of use Terms and Conditions of Sale and UseThese Terms and Conditions constitute a contract between the customer (You) and Adigitalife Distribution Pty Ltd. 1. Agreement1.1In these Terms and Conditions "We", "Our" or "Us" means Adigitalife Distribution Pty Ltd; and "You" or "Your" means the person who accepts these Terms and Conditions, by using this Website and associated software, networks and processes, including the purchase of Products or services through the Website. You are also governed by our legal dislcaimer.1.2By browsing the Website, or placing an Order, You agree to these Terms and Conditions as set out below, which constitutes a legally binding Agreement between Us and You for the supply of Products.1.3The Agreement together with your Order constitute the entire agreement between Us and You for the supply of Products. The Agreement cannot be varied unless we agree to vary it in writing or by email.2. Legal CapacityIf you are under the age of eighteen (18) years you cannot place Orders with Adigitalife Distribution. By accepting this Agreement, you acknowledge that you are over the age of eighteen (18) years.3. Website Use3.1The Website may contain links to other web sites. Those links are provided for convenience only and may not remain current or be maintained. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices associated with linked web sites.3.2You must ensure that your access to, or use of the Website is not illegal or prohibited by laws which apply to You.3.4You must take Your own precautions to ensure that Your process for accessing the Website does not expose You to risk of viruses, malicious computer code or other forms of interference which may damage Your computer system. We take no responsibility for any such damage which may arise in connection with Your use of the Website.4. Pricing4.1Prices displayed on the Website are subject to change without notice. Once an Order has been accepted by Us and a Purchase Contract formed under clause 6, the price of the Product cannot be varied except:                    by agreement between You and Us in writing or by email; or       in accordance with clause 7.4.4.2All prices listed on the Website exclude Delivery Costs. Delivery Costs are shown separately on an Order.5. Product Specifications5.1Features and specifications of Products described or depicted on the Website are subject to change without notice. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not materially change the features and specifications of a Product once an Order has been accepted by Us and a Purchase Contract formed under clause 6.5.2All weights and dimensions of Products described in the Website are approximate. All screens are measured diagonally and all screen images contained on the Website are simulated unless otherwise indicated.6. Orders6.1You may place an Order by following the instructions on the Website. By placing an Order, you make offer to enter into an agreement to purchase the Product(s) the subject of your Order (Purchase Contract).6.2Orders will be deemed to have been received by Adigitalife Distribution at the time Adigitalife Distribution sends an Order confirmation to Your nominated e-mail address.6.3Adigitalife Distribution is an online business and will primarily communicate with Customers via e-mail. It is the Customer's responsibility to ensure the correct contact details are entered and that the nominated e-mail address is regularly checked for correspondence.6.4Adigitalife Distribution reserves the right to decline to enter into a Purchase Contract with You and may cancel Your Order at any time prior to dispatch of the Product(s).6.5In the event of a cancelled Order, funds paid in relation to that Order will be refunded in full. You will be provided with e-mail confirmation of the cancellation and refund.6.6Adigitalife Distribution does not accept any responsibility for Orders that are declined, delayed or not accepted due to disruptions with internet connections.6.7Adigitalife Distribution shall not be liable for any delay in performing any of its obligations under this Agreement if such delay is caused by circumstances beyond the reasonable control of Adigitalife Distribution (or its affiliates), and Adigitalife Distribution shall be entitled to a reasonable extension of time for the performance of such obligations.6.8Where You have provided an incorrect or incomplete delivery address for Your Order, We may charge a redelivery fee for each subsequent delivery attempt.7. Payment7.1You may provide your nominated credit card during the purchase process described on the Website.7.2Payment for Orders will be processed immediately upon confirmation of Your Order.7.3If Your nominated payment method triggers Our fraud prevention protocols, We may contact You to confirm additional details, or rescind the transaction. In this case, until your Order has passed Our fraud prevention protocols Your Order will not be fulfilled. If you do not provide the requested information within up to 7 days, your Order will be cancelled and Your payment will be refunded back to the method in which you paid. These information requests are sent to help protect credit card holders from online fraud.7.4Despite Our best efforts, on occasion it may be possible that a small number of the Products in Our range may be incorrectly priced on the Website. If We have made a mistake and a Product's correct price is higher than the price on the Website, We may either contact You before shipping to request whether You want to buy the Product at the correct price or cancel your Order. If a Product's correct price is lower than the stated price on the Website, We will charge the lower amount and send You the Product, or where the higher incorrect price has been charged, We will refund the price difference and send You the Product.8. Delivery and ownership of the goods8.1We try to ensure that all Products are delivered in a prompt and timely manner. However, from time to time, it is possible that shipping and other factors outside of Our control may result in delays. Adigitalife Distribution does not accept any liability for loss or damage suffered by anyone as a result of any such delays.8.2The date of dispatch listed on the Website is the estimated date of dispatch as is reasonably estimated by Adigitalife Distribution. Where scheduled dispatch of a Product is delayed by more than one week, Customers will be notified by e-mail via the e- mail address nominated in their Order. Customers are permitted to cancel their Order and receive a refund in accordance with the Refunds Policy at any time prior to dispatch of the Product(s).8.3Adigitalife Distribution will not deliver Products to PO Box addresses.8.4Where a Customer gives written authority for Products to be delivered without a signature, any and all included insurance cover will be voided.8.5The couriers or postal services nominated by Adigitalife Distribution will deliver Products during local business hours (9am to 5pm, Monday to Friday).8.6Adigitalife Distribution is not responsible for the delivery times of Products. Once Products have been dispatched, it is the Customers responsibility to liaise with the courier nominated by Adigitalife Distribution (as notified to the Customer) in relation to date and time of delivery. Adigitalife Distribution shall not be liable for any inaccuracy of information provided to Customers relating to the date and time of delivery.8.7Adigitalife Distribution reserves the right to not ship to remote or rural locations.9. Faulty or damaged goodsAdigitalife Distribution will repair, replace or refund faulty or damaged Products in accordance with the Warranty Terms and Conditions and Your rights under the Australian Consumer Law.10. Refunds and returns10.1Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes, restricts or modifies the consumer guarantees provided for by statute including under the Australian Consumer Law.10.2All refunds may take up to 10 business days to be processed.10.3Other than in accordance with the Returns Policy, refunds are strictly limited to those available under clauses implied by statute.10.4In order to facilitate a return under he Returns Policy, please contact Us through our Help Center.10.5The Customer must comply with directions from staff to facilitate a return.10.6Returned Products, under the Returns Policy must be returned in their original packaging to Adigitalife Distributiong with all accessories, and must be in a re-saleable condition. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this clause limits or restricts Your ability to make a claim that may be available to You for failure to comply with a guarantee under the Australian Consumer Law. If you are returning a Product due to a fault or defect under a guarantee under the Australian Consumer Law, you may be able to return the Product without its original packaging to Adigitalife Distribution.10.7Subject to clause 10.8, It is the Customer's responsibility to ensure that returned items are returned safely. We take no responsibility for Products lost in transit.10.8Where You are returning a Product to us because of Our failure to comply with a consumer guarantee, You must return the Product to us at Your cost unless the Product cannot be returned, removed or transported without significant cost to You because of:    the nature of Our failure to comply with the consumer guarantee, or       the size or height, or method of attachment, of the Product.Where You are returning a Product to us, we take no responsibility for a Product lost in transit.If subsection (b) applies, We will, within a reasonable time, collect the Products at Our expense.11. Warranties11.1Each Product sold on the Website is covered by a 12 month Standard Warranty.11.2Extended Warranties are available for purchase for some Products, as listed on the Website. They may be purchased up to 14 days after delivery of your Products.11.3We will carry spare parts for each Product for a reasonable period, which we consider generally corresponds with the length of the Standard and/or Extended Warranty period (1, 3 or 5 years as the case may be). Adigitalife Distribution reserves the right to refuse to supply spare parts where it considers the request to be outside a reasonable period and limited stock is available.11.4Nothing in these Terms and Conditions excludes the application of statutory conditions, warranties and guarantees.12. LiabilityTo the extent permitted by law we will not be liable for any loss of income, loss of profits, loss of contracts, loss of data or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind howsoever arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise; and our maximum aggregate liability for any Product supplied to you whether in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise shall in no circumstances exceed the amount payable by you to us in respect of the Product(s) in question.For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this clause limits or restricts Your ability to make a claim that may be available to You for Our failure to comply with a guarantee under the Australian Consumer Law.13. Intellectual PropertyAll Intellectual Property in any Material on the Website is the property of ADIGITALIFE DISTRIBUTION  PTY LTD. Unless expressly authorised under these Terms and Conditions or otherwise, you may not reproduce, adapt, modify, display, perform or distribute any Material or any part of any Material.14. PrivacyBy placing your Order or otherwise contacting Adigitalife Distribution, you agree that We may store, process and use data collected from your Order for the purposes of processing your Order. By placing your Order or otherwise contacting Us, you also agree that we may use such data, other than credit card details, in order to provide you with information from time to time on other ADIGITALIFE DISTRIBUTION Products or Adigitalife Distribution HK Products that may be of interest to you. You may obtain a copy of the data held by us concerning you on request in writing. We reserve the right to charge an administration fee for processing such request. If any data held by us concerning you is incorrect, we will correct it on your written request. Please refer to our Privacy Policy.15. Gift Vouchers15.1Gift Vouchers & Credit Notes have a validity of 12 months from the date of purchase, unless otherwise specified at the time of issue in writing.15.2Gift Vouchers & Credit Notes may be redeemed by entering the voucher code into the Gift Card field at checkout. Gift cards will not be refunded.16. Miscellaneous16.1Title and risk in the ADIGITALIFE DISTRIBUTION Products pass to You at the point of dispatch or embark Adigitalife Distributiontion by ADIGITALIFE DISTRIBUTION to Your courier.16.2Adigitalife Distribution reserves the right to make changes to the Adigitalife Distribution Website and these Terms and Conditions without notice. For the avoidance of doubt, any such changes will operate prospectively from the time that the revised Terms and Conditions are published on the website and will not impact any Purchase Contracts entered into prior to the date of the publication of the revised Terms and Conditions.16.3Any provision of these Terms and Conditions which is void or unenforceable may be severed from these Terms and Conditions without affecting the enforceability of other provisions.16.4A failure or delay by Adigitalife Distribution to exercise a power or right under these Terms and Conditions does not operate as a waiver of that power or right, and the exercise of a power or right by Adigitalife Distribution does not preclude its future ability to exercise that or any other power or right.16.5Insofar as they apply to the ordering, purchase, fulfilment and delivery of ADIGITALIFE DISTRIBUTION Products from www.adigitalife.com , these ADIGITALIFE DISTRIBUTION Product Terms and Conditions and General Terms and Conditions are governed by and must be construed according to the law of the State of QLD, Australia and the parties submit to the jurisdiction of the courts in that State.16.6No Adigitalife Distribution employee or agent has the authority to vary any of the Terms and Conditions governing any sale.
38/38 Kendor St
Arundel QLD 4214
AUSTRALIA Call us now: (07) 55292 688