http://www.jensen-jewelers.com/terms-privacy-policy
Sign In
My Account
Jewelry
Bridal
Fashion
Men
Bulova Watches
Adventure Jewelry
Elk Ivory
About
Learn
Locations
Idaho
Montana
Wyoming
Nevada
Catalog
Submit A Photo
WebSite Terms and Conditions of Use1. TermsBy accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use and all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.2. Use License Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Jensen Jewelers’ website for personal, noncommercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:modify or copy the materials;use the materials for any commercial purpose or for any public display (commercial or noncommercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Jensen Jewelers’ website;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; ortransfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Jensen Jewelers at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession, whether in electronic or printed format.3. DisclaimerThe materials on Jensen Jewelers’ website are provided as is. Jensen Jewelers makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or noninfringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Jensen Jewelers does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.4. LimitationsIn no event shall Jensen Jewelers or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Jensen Jewelers' Internet site, even if Jensen Jewelers or a Jensen Jewelers authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.5. Revisions and Errata The materials appearing on Jensen Jewelers' website could include technical, typographical or photographic errors. Jensen Jewelers does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Jensen Jewelers may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. Jensen Jewelers does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.6. LinksJensen Jewelers has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Jensen Jewelers of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.7. Site Terms of Use ModificationsJensen Jewelers may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then-current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.8. Governing LawAny claim relating to Jensen Jewelers’s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of Idaho without regard to its conflict of law provisions.General Terms and Conditions Applicable to Use of a Web Site.Privacy PolicyAt Jensen Jewelers, maintaining our customers’ trust and confidence is a high priority. That’s why we want you to understand how we protect your privacy when we collect and use information about you, and the measures we take to safeguard that information. You trust us with your private, personal information when you choose to apply for a loan and request extension of credit through Jensen Jewelers. Jensen Jewelers does not sell information about you to others. The following policy describes how Jensen Jewelers collects and uses your personal information. We collect personal information about you from certain sources, examples of which are: • The information you provide on applications or other forms (such as your name, address and Social Security number) • Your transactions with us, our affiliated financial institutions or other (such as your loan and payment history) • The information we received from consumer reporting agency (such as your credit history) • Other financial lenders, banks, representatives and/or companies with whom you have done business. We need this information to help meet your financial needs (such as amount of credit on which to lend you money, current loan account status, etc.) Information Security We treat your information with respect and concern for your privacy. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law. Only those persons who need it to perform their job responsibilities are authorized to have access to customer information. In addition, we maintain physical, electronic and procedural security measures that comply with Federal regulations to safeguard customer information. Jensen Jewelers Use of Your Personal Information To establish, administer and manage customer accounts, to provide customer service to customers, to process account statements, to conduct research and analysis, and to deliver account holder benefits, it is often necessary for us to disclose customer information to companies that work with us. We may also provide certain customer information to financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements.