http://www.majesticjewelers.com/privacy
LOGIN
SIGNUP FOR NEWSLETTER
VIEW CART
0
item(s)
SEARCH
407-644-4824
2234 Aloma Avenue Winter Park, FL 32792
Toggle navigation
HOME
WE BUY GOLD
JEWELRY
Jewelry Repairs
Custom Jewelry
Diamonds
Jewelry Appraisal & Insurance
CORPORATE
Bloomin Brands (16)
Outback Steakhouse (88)
Fleming's Prime Steakhouse (33)
Carrabba's Italian Grill (75)
Bonefish Grill (58)
Front Burner Brands (17)
Cheeseburger (12)
Roy's (23)
Lee Roy Selmons (7)
MOTORCYCLE/AIRBOAT
GIFTS/ENGRAVING
Awards and Plaques (5)
Gift and Engravings Sale Items (0)
Swiss Army Knife (2)
Tumbler 20oz and 12oz Cups (1)
Business Card Cases (1)
Calculator Pen Set
(1)
Desk Clocks (2)
Glasses (4)
Keychains (2)
Ladies' Gifts (2)
Memo Pads (1)
Mens' Gifts (18)
Miscellaneous Gifts (9)
Money Clips (1)
Pictures Frames / Photo Albums (2)
Pen Sets (8)
Wine Gift Ideas (10)
WATCHES
Shop Watches
TESTIMONIALS
CONTACT US
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.majesticjewelers.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 05/09/2013
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.majesticjewelers.com
2234 Aloma Avenue
Winter Park , Florida 32792 USA
majestic@majesticjewelers.com
407-644-4824
Name
Email
Phone
Message
Enter captcha code
Copyright © 2020. All rights Reserved
2234 Aloma Avenue Winter Park, FL 32792
Toll Free : 407-644-4824
My Account
|
Jewelry Appraisal & Insurance
|
Privacy Policy
|
Shipping & Returns
|
Terms & Conditions
Designed & Developed by
Orlando Web Design Company