http://www.nutwizard.com/policies.html
Copyright Seeds and Such, Inc. 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018, 2019.  All rights reserved.
Contact Us            Policies
About Us
All Seeds and Such products are made or grown in the U.S.A.
Easily clean up black walnuts, pecans, acorns, apples, and sweet gum tree balls.  As easy as 1, 2, 3!
Nut Wizard®
Visit our other web sites:
Home
Online Store
Locations
As Seen In
FAQ
About Us
After Pick Up
Privacy Policy
We and other third parties, including Facebook, may use computer cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the Internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.  A cookie is a piece of computer code (data) stored on your computer that third party services use to tell us statistical information, such as which pages are viewed and for how long, etc.  They never contain personally identifiable information such as your name or financial data. The statistics will tell us that “someone” looked at page 1 on our site and that they were directed to our site by Google or some other search engine. (This is just an example and not a complete list of the statistics.)  To find out more information please visit the Facebook policy pages at https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.  You may also use various services to opt out of tracking mechanisms used for ad tracking.  You can search for these services, or simply go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.  You could also customize your browser.
If you use the Google Map provided on our site to find our distributors, you are accessing Google-provided information.  By using the map you are subject to Google’s privacy policy at www.google.com/privacy.html. You are also subject to Google’s terms of use at www.google.com/help/terms_maps.html.
When you purchase products from us online, your email address, name, address, and order details are provided to us by PayPal, an Internet company that provides businesses with online payment options. PayPal is a company that processes credit card and check payments internationally.  Your payment (credit/debit) information is collected securely.  We do not receive your payment card number, expiration date, or CVV code. When you phone in an order, we collect the payment information and provide it to PayPal for payment processing.  We could need to use this information to contact you about your order, requests for exchanges, or making refunds.  If you do not like PayPal, please mail us a check for your order.  This will be directly deposited into a local financial institution.
We do not share your personal information with other companies.  We may mail or email you a product offering or special sales announcement about products our company produces.  This could include Nut Wizard® Tools, Brass Mower™ Tools, Persimmon Products, Tree Seeds, or Nut Products.   There will be a way for you to opt out of receiving any future emails.  For any mailing, you will need to write or call us to be removed from a mailing list.
Please direct any questions or concerns to Charlotte Waltz, Seeds and Such, Inc., at 1-888-321-9445. Our mailing address is PO Box 81, Bedford, IN 47421.
Shipping
Shipping is $12 to $45 for up to 1 extra large, 3 (large or medium) or 4 (smaller size) Nut Wizard® tools going to the same address. Ordering with friends and family will reduce shipping costs.  In general, orders are shipped the day following receipt, and received by the customer in 1-5 additional business days.  Express service is available but very expensive for Nut Wizard® tools.  Contact us by phone if you need expedited shipping. For international orders, please see the information below.
Exchanges and Returns
Nut Wizard® tools may be exchanged or returned within 30 days of purchase, as long as they have been treated with respect.  When repacking the tool, separate the bail and basket to prevent damage.  Enclose the order receipt in the box and indicate whether you would like to return or exchange your tool (with what size you would like if you are exchanging). Use 1105 R Street, Bedford, IN 47421 for UPS or PO Box 81, Bedford, IN 47421 for United States Postal Service deliveries. For exchanges, the buyer pays shipping to return the tool but not the shipping from Seeds and Such back to them.  For returns, buyers will be refunded original costs less shipping.  We are flexible on the 30 days, with good reasons.
International Shipments
We ship internationally if we can ascertain that it is legal to do so.  The receiver (buyer) is responsible for any taxes, fees, duties, etc. that are due on delivery.  The buyer takes on the entire risk of package loss or non-delivery due to problems with Customs. We double-box the tools to protect them in shipping.  We have activated shipping fees in PayPal for countries outside of the United States.  These shipping fees are our best educated guess.  If fees are higher when we ship, we will hold the package and send you an email asking if you would like a refund or to pay the additional shipping fees.  Some countries restrict the length of package.  In those cases you might be asked to upgrade to the collapsible Extension Handle.  Please send an email with any questions, especially about the size of item you wish to collect.  We want you to receive the best size for your application.
Wholesale
View our full wholesale policy at our wholesale page or contact us at 888-321-9445 or nutwizard@hpcisp.com.
Use of Trademarks, Copyrights, and Patented Materials
Nut Wizard® tools are protected by a US Patent.  Nut Wizard® is a federally registered trademark.
Seeds and Such, Inc. owns copyrights to all photographs and literature produced by our company, including but not limited to flyers, catalogs, cards, Nut Wizard® labels, and website material.  Current customers have permission to copy flyers as long as the Seeds and Such, Inc. copyright information remains intact. Permission to download and print the Seeds and Such Catalogue and Nut Wizard® Tool Quick-Start guide, as provided on the NutWizard.com and SeedsandSuch.com web sites, is granted as long as the files are not altered and Seeds and Such copyright information remains intact.  Permission is not granted to reproduce other promotional materials in whole or part, including but not limited to wording, code, and photographs.
Policies
Buy Nut Wizards Online Here
Parts
Wholesale
Alabama
Arizona
Arkansas
British Columbia
California
Colorado
Florida
Georgia
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Michigan
Minnesota
Mississippi
Missouri
Nebraska
Nevada
New Mexico
New York
North Carolina
Ohio
Oklahoma
Ontario
Oregon
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Vermont
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin
Testimonials
Nutwizard Repairs
Shipping
Contact Us
Policies
Acorns
Apples
Crabapples
Pecans
Pecan Associations
Sweet Gum Trees