http://www.oilpaintingsgallery.com/policies.asp
×
×
* The image ratio of the frame and painting in this web page is illustrative
Online Since 2000! 100% Hand Painted Oil on Canvas!
1 (800) 594-5191 / 1 (404) 625-3771
Home
Testimonials
Contact
About
Policies
BROWSE BY :
Catalogs
Complete Catalog
In Stock Catalog
Specials Catalog
Red Tag Catalog
Frames
Subjects
Artists
Custom Art
Family Portraits
Custom Paintings
Movements
Techniques
Rooms
Ratios
Policies
Customer Approval Before Shipping
A digital photo of the actual painting shall be emailed to the customer for approval before the actual shipment.
Why Buy at Oil Paintings Gallery?
90 Day Money Back Guarantee
Q: Can I return my painting if I don't like it?
A: Yes!
Q: How many days do I have to think it over?
A: You have 90 days from the purchase date to return the painting and get a full refund. This means you can receive the painting, hang it on your wall, and still return it if you aren't satisfied
Q: If I return my painting, do I get my money back?
A: Yes! You will get 100% of your money refunded immediately after the painting is returned. (Customer pays return delivery).
No restocking fees!
*Returned merchandise must be in the same condition as supplied. Canceling an order before it is supplied to the customer will result in an 8% charge to cover transaction fees.
Shipping Policies
Free shipping for North America.
50% Co-Pay by customer in shipping cost outside North America (worldwide).
We do not ship frames outside North America.
Disclimer
Our paintings are completely hand-painted. We do not use printers at all nor do we produce prints. We sell genuine, handcrafted painting reproductions, and therefore, they cannot be categorized as an exact, one to one, mirrored replica of the original painting. We cannot guarantee the exactness, because it contradicts the very nature of hand-painted artisan oil paintings. We can, however, guarantee that our artists work under tedious precision, integrity, and accuracy to step by step create a work of art that in every way possible reproduces the specified and original order of each customer. We ensure customer satisfaction by having each painting approved by its purchaser before it is shipped.
Privacy Policy
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access
to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contacts
from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted
us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization,
other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you
about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt-out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following
at any time by contacting us via the contact form or phone number given on our website:
- See what data we have about you if any.
- Change/correct any data we have about you.
- Have us delete any data we have about you.
- Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide
contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like
credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes
and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this
information to contact you.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information
via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information
is encrypted and securely transmitted to us. You can verify this by looking
for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https"
at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we
also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to
perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access
to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store
personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact
us immediately via telephone at 1 (800) 594-5191 / 1 (404) 625-3771 or via our contact form.
Free Shipping
by professionals
Secure Payment
by credit card or PayPal
90 days moneyback guarantee
No restoking fee
Popular Artists
Bail
Lemaire
Grimshaw
Osthaus
Filonov
Vuillard
Popular Subjects
Landscape Abstract and Modern
Tuscany
Store Front
Boat and Ship
Horse and Hunting
Presidents of the USA
Catalogs
Complete Catalog
In Stock Catalog
Special Catalog
Red Tag Catalog
Frames
About
Home
Customer Testimonials
Contact
About
Our Blog
Policies & Shipping
Contact
Oil Paintings Gallery
4182 Hearthstone Dr.
Sarasota, Florida USA 34238
1 (800) 594-5191
1 (404) 625-3771
QR Code
©
All images, design,
graphics and texts in this websites belong to Oil Paintings Gallery, and are protected by copyright
laws.