http://www.sleephappens.com/pages/privacy-policy
Learn more about the Mattress Warehouse Clean Shop Promise and book your private appointment today!
Store Locator      Delivery    Book Appointment
Store Locator     Financing Options     Shipping, Delivery, & Pick Up     bedMATCH®      Fundraising     Sleep Blog     Contact Us     Book Appointment
1-800-233-7253
0
Mattresses
Shop By Brand
Aireloom
Beautyrest
Bedgear
Cheswick Manor
Comfort Essentials
Corsicana
Kingsdown
Mattress 2.0
Nectar
Royal
Sealy
Serta
Somosbeds
Stearns and Foster
Tempur-Pedic
Value Collection
Shop By Price
$0-$499
$500-$749
$750-$999
$1000-$1499
$1499-$1999
$2000 and Up
Shop By Type
Hybrid
Memory Foam
Innerspring
Mattress In a Box
Box Spring
Adjustable Base
Futon Mattresses
Shop By Comfort
Firm
Plush
Pillow Top
Shop By Size
Twin
Twin XL
Full
Queen
King
California King
Sales
Current Sales
Value Collection
Beds & Frames
Adjustable Bases
Adjustable Bases
Adjustable Base Outlet
Adjustable Base Guide
Foundations
Box Springs
Adjustable Bases
Platform Beds
Beds
Bunk Beds
Daybeds
Platform Beds
Rollaway Beds
Frames
Headboards
Baby & Kids
Accessories
Shop By Brand
Bedgear
Sealy
Tempur-Pedic
Shop By Type
Mattress and Pillow Protector
Mattress Toppers
Pillows
Sheets and Bedding
Other Accessories
Gift Card
Other Accessories
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Mattress Warehouse collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the sleephappens.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Mattress Warehouse.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our website, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. The user may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Mattress Warehouse may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceThe information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process paymentsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over an SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Mattress Warehouse has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Mattress Warehouse sleephappens.com 4949 New Design Road Frederick, MD 21703 301-682-8504
info@sleephappens.com
bedMATCH®
STORE LOCATOR
SALES
BLOG
About Us
About Us
Store Locator
bedMATCH®
Bed Blog
FAQs
Careers
Press Center
MW Fundraising
Coast to Coast
Customer Service
Financing
Contact Us
Delivery Information
Return Policy
Warranty Information
Privacy Policy
Comfort Guarantee
Adjustable Base Troubleshooting
Products
Adjustable Bases
Accessories
Bed Accessories
Frames
Futons
Headboards
Mattresses
Pillows
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 Mattress Warehouse
American Express
Discover
Mastercard
PayPal
Venmo
Visa