http://www.sunbutter.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
SunButter is aware that the security of your private information from the use of our website is an important concern. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously and demonstrate a strong commitment to online privacy. In acknowledgment of that commitment, we have adopted a comprehensive policy to safeguard the privacy of all visitors to the SunButter website.
Collection of Data
We store data on our servers for various security reasons. This data may include the name of your Internet service provider, click sources, the websites that you visit from our site, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, and personally identifiable information such as name and email address. This information can be used to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our website, to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
The data we collect will only be used for the purpose of supplying you with the requested products or services, company marketing purposes or for other reasons for which you have given your consent, except where otherwise prohibited by law.  User information may be shared with third-parties such as marketing/advertising agencies, and these third-parties may use the information collected to send retargeted advertisements to visitors of this website.
Use of Remarketing/Similar Audiences
We use remarketing tags, such as cookies and pixels (also known as web beacons), to reach people who we know have previously visited our website. Specifically, the Google AdWords remarketing tag on our website installs cookies on users’ computers so Google can follow them, generally for up to 30 days after the visit. Based on past visits, this allows Google to serve these users interest-based ads the next time they either search on Google.com, with any of their Search Partners, or visit another site in the Google Display Network.
Opt-Out
Users can opt-out of our website’s use of cookies by visiting Google’s Ads Settings.  Users can also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance or the Network Advertising Initiative to opt-out of digital advertising.
Users may also opt-out of direct mail and email lists by calling 1-877-873-4501 or sending an email to support@sunbutter.com (please type “opt-out” on email subject line).
Security
SunButter uses technical and organizational security precautions to protect your data from manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons.
Children
We do not collect, process or use on our website, any information relating to an individual whom we know to be under 13 years old, without the prior, verifiable consent of his or her legal representative. We do not give children the ability to post or distribute personal information without prior consent. We do not entice children with games or contests that would encourage them to disclose personal information.
Disclaimer
This site contains links to other sites. SunButter is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these sites.
Contact Us
Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy.