http://www.dymocks.com.au/faq/privacy-security/
Skip to main content
Dymocks Help
General FAQs
Articles in this section
Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Gift Cards and Vouchers
How do I use the Wishlist feature?
ApplicationThis privacy policy applies to Dymocks Holdings Pty Limited ACN 008 453 110 and each of its subsidiaries and related bodies corporate (as defined in the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)) who are collectively referred to as “Dymocks” in this policy.
PrivacyDymocks respects your right to privacy under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and is required to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles in respect of the collection of personal information from individuals. Set out below is our policy regarding the collection and storage of your information.
The information we collectThe sort of personal information we might collect from you includes your name, gender, age, address, email address, third party services login (e.g. Facebook, Google+, Microsoft or LinkedIn user names), telephone number, fax number, credit card information, order and purchase history with us and information about your areas of interest. For current and prospective employees, we will also collect information including emergency contacts, bank and superannuation accounts and prior employment history.
Consequence of not providing informationYou have no obligation to provide personal information which you do not wish to disclose. In some circumstances, however, if we do not have the required personal information we may be unable to provide you with employment or access to goods or services that require the collection of that information.
How you can access, delete or correct personal information or make a complaintDymocks will take reasonable steps to ensure Dymocks will take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information it collects, uses or discloses is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You may request access to the personal information we hold about you.. If you believe that the personal information we hold about you is incomplete or inaccurate, then you may ask us to amend it. You may at any time request us to delete the personal information that we hold about you. If you ask us to delete any personal information that we hold about you, then this may affect our ability to provide you with goods or services, either in whole or in part.
Contacting usIf you have any questions about our policy, wish to access or change your personal information or have any complaint regarding treatment of your privacy by us, please contact us at privacy@dymocks.com.au
Website analyticsTo improve your experience on our site, we use "cookies". Cookies are an industry standard and most major websites use them. A cookie is a small text file that our site may place on your computer as a tool to remember your preferences. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Our website may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. When you go to other websites from here, we advise you to be aware and read their privacy policy. This website uses the analytics tool Google Analytics 360 This service transmits website traffic data to Google servers, that may be located outside of Australia. This service does not identify individual users or associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. We use reports provided by this analytics tool to help us understand website traffic and usage. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by analytics tool providers in the manner described in Google's Privacy Policy.
Use of CookiesOur website does not use cookies to collect your personal information. Cookies are only used to complete orders on our site. A 'cookie' is a small file which contains a piece of text identifying your browser to our site. It is quite common for online shopping sites to send such a 'cookie', and its purpose is to tell us that a previous visitor to www.dymocks.com.au has returned. Our website also uses cookies to stitch previous browsing and purchase history with the aim of providing better user experience and more personal recommendations. It does not collect personally identifiable information in this process.
How we use the informationThe information that you provide to us is generally used to enable us to provide goods or services to you. Dymocks may also use your personal information and aggregate it with information from other customers to better understand its customers, the effectiveness of its services or to provide you with better service such as by advising you of new products and services or information which may be of interest to you. You have the right to tell us that you do not want us to send information to you other than for the main purpose for which we have collected your personal information.For current and prospective employees of Dymocks, personal information is used to decide whether to offer employment and to manage the employment relationship. It can also be used to conduct various pre-employment checks.
Remarketing and cookiesWe do not collect any personal information on visitors to our website. We do collect non-personal information that allows us to log information about visitors to our website for statistical purposes, such as:
the number of unique sessions as identified by server address and top level domain (eg .com; .gov; .org etc);
the number of page hits;
the pages accessed or downloaded by session;
the type of browser being used;
the length of time spent on the site and on particular pages;
the device being used (eg desktop or mobile); and
the type of mobile device being used (eg iPhone 4).
In addition:
we have implemented and use display advertising;
we use remarketing with Google to advertise online;
third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the internet;
we and third party vendors including Google, use first party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie and third party cookies (such as the double click cookie) together to inform, optimise and serve ads based on someone’s past behaviour to our website; and
Users can opt out by utilising Google’s Opt-Out Browser Add On and/or Ads Preferences Manager.
Disclosure to third partiesDymocks does not generally disclose personal information to third parties. In some circumstances personal information may be disclosed to third parties who perform services on behalf of Dymocks for the purpose of providing you with goods and services or, in the case of current and potential employees, to assist Dymocks in the management of the employment relationship. Dymocks requires third parties who receive your personal information to comply with Australian Privacy laws. Dymocks does not sell or rent any personal information.
Storage of InformationThe personal information obtained by Dymocks is stored electronically on servers either controlled by Dymocks or by its contracted third parties who are also bound to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles.
Dymocks takes measures to ensure your personal information is protected from unauthorised access, loss, misuse, disclosure or alteration. We also take measures to destroy or permanently de-identify personal information when it is no longer required. The types of measures we take vary with the type of information, and how it is collected and stored.
Overseas storageMost personal information held by Dymocks is held on computer systems located within the Commonwealth of Australia. From time to time information may be stored on servers which are located overseas. When this occurs, Dymocks ensures that the third party web storage provider will not use the information other than to assist us in providing the services to you and that they are bound to comply with the Australian Privacy Principles or more stringent standards. The countries in which such servers are located are typically either Singapore or the United States of America.
LinksThis privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Dymocks and may differ from the policies from other sites that you may link to from this site. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any site that you link to from this site.
More InformationMore information about privacy law and privacy principles is available from the Privacy Commissioner. The Privacy Commissioner may be contacted at www.oaic.gov.au or by emailing enquiries@oaic.gov.au
Related articles
Refund Policy
Security Policy
Gift Cards and Vouchers
Christmas Order Cut-Off Dates
How do I find or reset my password?
Please sign in to leave a comment.