http://www.braybrook.com/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
HomeJewellery
NecklacesPendantsEarringsClip on EarringsBracelets & BanglesBroochesRingsFine & RareAccessories
Silver & Gold Cufflinks
Silver & Gold Cufflinks
Silver & Crystal
Wine & DineVases, Bowls & BoxesCandlesticks & TealightsSilver Pens Frames & DeskBaby & Christening
Christmas Silver
Sterling Silver Christmas Tree DecorationsPudding Charms & Cake Decorations
The Sale
Sample & Prototypes SaleClearance Sale
Search
Your basket
Your basket is empty
During COVID-19 Despatching Mon - Fri by Royal Mail Tracked 24 & 48 - 020 8993 7334
Enquiries & telephone credit card orders
If you prefer not to order online or have some questions, our helpful and knowledgeable staff are available to answer enquiries and take orders on 020 8993 7334, every weekday from 9.00am to 5.30pm and on Saturdays (November to December only) from 10.00am to 2.00pm. Outside of these times please leave a message on the 24 hour answerphone. We even still have a fax machine. Fax: 020 8993 7335. You may order anytime online at www.braybrook.co.uk
Delivery
Due to the valuable nature of our products, many of our deliveries require a signature and will be sent by Royal Mail Recorded Delivery or Special Delivery if requested on order form. We strongly recommend the use of Special Delivery for high value items as this is both insured and easier to track in transit.
Delivery timings
The majority of orders are despatched within 48 hours of receiving your order and payment. However, in the circumstances of a piece being out of stock we will give you an estimated delivery time when you place your order. We only take payment for goods at the time of despatch (except for engraving, see below) Special commissions may take up to 60 days, but you will be advised at the time of ordering.
Returns
If you are not satisfied with any product, for any reason, simply return it to us, ideally within 30 days, in its original condition for a refund or a replacement. Obviously we appreciate that in the run up to Christmas you may be buying well in advance and presents may not be opened until weeks later - in which case just return items to us as soon as practical in January. Please pack carefully. We do not refund original postage on returns for exchange or refund.
Made to order & engraving conditions
For made to order and some engraved items, full payment in advance is required. Our normal full refund returns policy does not apply to specially commissioned pieces or items from the catalogue which have been engraved or modified to meet customer requirements. In the circumstance that work on the piece has commenced or been completed, we guarantee a minimum 20% refund. This may be greater if the silversmith is able to recover all or part of the work undertaken, and will be at our discretion.
Damage In transit or faulty Items
In the case of delivery damage or an item being found faulty, please try to inform us within 48 hours of receipt (by telephone or email) and if practical arrange for the item and any damaged in transit packaging to be returned to us in the condition received. In this circumstance, the item will be replaced or refunded and your postal expenses refunded.
Prices and descriptions
All sizes and weights given are averages. As many pieces are handmade, slight variations from the examples shown in the catalogue are possible. Natural materials such as horn, wood and mother of pearl do vary in colours and patterns. Prices shown in our mail order catalogue are valid until the date quoted in the terms on the order form page. All prices online and in the printed catalogue include VAT at  the prevailing rate (currently 20%). VAT is deductible on items sent outside the EU (done automatically on website).
Braybrook & Britten reserve the right to alter prices should the rate of VAT change or there is a material change in import duty, precious metal prices or exchange rates.
Privacy policy
Braybrook & Britten respect and value our customers privacy, and is committed to safeguarding and using the information we hold in a responsible way.
By shopping with us, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy, in particular, our use of your information. Therefore, it is important that you read and understand the Privacy Policy as it will help explain how we collect and use your personal information and why we do this. This policy relates to your use of this website.
For further information view our full Privacy & Security Policy which can be found under OUR SERVICE.
Cookies
Cookies are short pieces of data that are sent to your computer when you visit a website. On later visits, this data is then returned to that website. Cookies allow us to recognise you automatically whenever you visit our site so that we can personalise your experience and provide you with better service.
Cookies do not tell us email addresses or other personal identifiable information.
For more information about cookies, and instructions on how to manage or disable cookies see http://www.allaboutcookies.org
We also use cookies (and similar browser data, such as Flash cookies) for fraud prevention and other purposes. If your web browser is set to refuse cookies from our website, you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of our website, such as storing items in your Shopping Basket. As a result, we strongly encourage you to configure your web browser to accept cookies from our website.
We do not use any intrusive or advertising based cookies. The cookies we use are limited to 'session' cookies essential for the operation of the shopping basket system and Google Analytics which gives us basic statistics about visitors.