https://www.easternjunglegym.com/privacy-policy
FREE SHIPPING on ALL Swing Sets EXTENDED!! - Promo Automatically Applied at Checkout
Search our entire store...
Home
Swing Sets
BackSwing Sets Dream
Dreamscape
Extreme
Fantasy
Fantasy Tree House
Sky
Sky Tree House
Supreme
Supremescape
Ultimate
Imagination
View All Swing Sets
DIY Swing Set Kits
Swing Set Accessories
BackSwing Set Accessories Accessories
Wooden Add-Ons
Hardware
Slides
Swings
Blog
Find a Dealer
Dealer Login
Become a Dealer
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Introduction
A good business relationship is based upon mutual trust. This includes your relationship with easternjunglegym.com. To promote mutual trust, we take your privacy very seriously. Read the information below to learn more about our privacy policy.
What This Policy Covers
This policy covers how easternjunglegym.com (“we”) treats personal information that we collect regarding visitors and users (“you”) of the easternjunglegym.com site. Personal information is defined as identification information–such as your name, address, email address and phone number–that is not otherwise publicly available.
The Information That We Collect About You
On easternjunglegym.com you have almost total control over what personal information we gather about you. In most cases, we will not have personal details about you unless you voluntarily give it to us when establishing an account, placing an order, etc. This information includes, name, address, email address, shipping address, telephone number, credit card information and any other information that we may consider necessary to serve you properly. (For example, we cannot deliver merchandise that you have ordered unless we have an address to deliver it to.) You may choose not to provide this information. However, a decision not to provide the information we request may mean that we are unable to process your order.
You may provide us with information about other individuals (for example, you may request shipping to another individual and their address). We will safeguard this information as carefully as we would your own information. We also retain the same right to use this information as we would use your information (for example, we may need to contact them regarding shipping, we may contact them with information about offers and products we believe they may be interested in, etc.)
The only personal information we collect from you without requesting is your IP (Internet Protocol) address and the identity of the Web site you visited prior to visiting easternjunglegym.com. Your IP address is the number which the internet uses to identify you while you use the internet. This number does not provide us with other information about you (such as name, address, etc.). However, if it is important for us to contact you, your IP address may be used to identify your internet provider and you may be contacted through that channel. This will only be done if we have a significant need to contact you and we do not otherwise have accurate contact information. We identify the site you visited prior to our site to acquire knowledge of sites which may be providing links to easternjunglegym.com.
How We Use Your Information
Information collected about you is collected for the purpose of serving you. We need this information to ship products that you order, respond to questions you may ask to us, resolve problems and disputes, and to offer you products that we believe may interest you.
We may use this information to communicate with you under a number of circumstances, such as in response to a request from you for information, to notify you of changes in our policies, to distribute our monthly newsletter, or to contact regarding your account with us.
As we serve you, it becomes necessary to share your personal information with other entities on a “need to know” basis. (For example, we need to share your credit card information with our financial institution in order to receive payment, and a merchant needs to know your shipping information in order to ship merchandise to you. When your merchandise is shipped, the selected carrier must have access to your shipping information in order to make the delivery.)
Access within easternjunglegym.com
Access to your personal information is restricted within easternjunglegym.com on a “need to know” basis. Employees, agents, and anyone in any way connected with easternjunglegym.com who has access to your personal information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Such individuals may not use your personal information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are providing for easternjunglegym.com. We recognize that credit card information is particularly sensitive. Credit card information is accessible only to personnel who need these details to process financial transactions, and to financial institutions involved with those transactions.
Use of Your Information for Marketing Purposes
When you provide personal information to us, you are automatically subscribed to our monthly email newsletter and may receive other offers or marketing materials from us by email. You may opt out of these email contacts if you desire.
Use of Cookies
To enhance the benefit of easternjunglegym.com to you, we use “cookies.” Cookies are small text files we place on your computer. These files contain a small amount of data which can anonymously identify you to the easternjunglegym.com system. (For example, cookies help us keep track of a series of merchandise selections. The cookie tells us that the selections were made by the same visitor, but cookies by themselves do not tell us who the visitor is.) Cookies are used to track usage of the site. We cannot track your personal site usage or where you have been on the site, however information we collect through cookies helps us to determine which pages are most popular with our users. Also, cookies help us to keep track of simultaneous users who are adding items to their shopping cart and placing orders at the same time. This is standard procedure for virtually all sites that use a shopping cart format. You may be able to set your web browser to reject cookies. However, rejection of cookies may negatively affect your ability to use the site.
What This Policy Does Not Cover
We cannot state or control the policy of companies that we do not own or control, or people that we do not employ or manage.
Security Guarantee
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard your personal information against unauthorized use or disclosure, we cannot guarantee that your personal information will never be used in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, suggestions, or wish to contact us for any reason, you may do so at: support@easternjunglegym.com
Updates And Effective Dates
We may modify these policies at any time. We encourage you to review this policy frequently so you remain current with our changes.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be accessed only as stated above.