https://www.hector-russell.com/terms
Menu
Highland Dress
Back
Shop all
Jackets
Waistcoats
Tartan Trousers
Casual Kilts
Dress Shirts
Jacobite Shirts
Highland Accessories
Back
Shop all
Sporrans
Sgian Dubh
Kilt Pins
Ties
Kilt Hose
Flashes
Shoes
Belts & Buckles
Headwear
Kilt Carriers & Bags
Men
Back
Clothing
Jackets
Waistcoats
Tartan Trousers
Shirts
Accessories
Scarves
Ties
Women
Back
Clothing
Skirts
Accessories
Scarves
Serapes & Stoles
Children
Back
Clothing
Boys Kilts
Boys Shirts
Girls Kilts
Girls Dresses
Accessories
Hose
Shoes
Gifts
Back
Scarves & Rugs
Cashmere Scarves
Cashmere Rugs
Scarves
Blankets, Rugs & Trows
Gifts & Accessories
Pocket Watches
E-Vouchers
My Account
Store Finder
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Website
Use of the website
Welcome to
http://www.hector-russell.com/
website terms and conditions. These terms and conditions apply to the use of
http://www.hector-russell.com/
and the selling of our products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page.
By using
http://www.hector-russell.com/
you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by
these terms and conditions, you may not use or access this website.
If you have any questions relating to these terms and conditions, please contact our customer
services team before you place an order at
customer.service@hector-russell.com
. This site is owned and operated by Hector Russell a trading name of The Edinburgh Woollen Mill Ltd
("EWM", "we" or "us").
Registered office: Waverley Mills, Langholm, Dumfriesshire, DG13 0EB
Registered number: SC024081
VAT number: GB 263 6530 59
Intellectual Property Rights
All intellectual property rights, trademarks and copyright for all material on the website is owned
by or licensed to us. You may use any of the information within
http://www.hector-russell.com/
for your personal use only. You agree not to copy, transmit, reproduce, publish or distribute any
material from the website or use any information for non-personal or commercial purposes. You may
print extracts from the website or download and copy information to a local hard drive for your
personal use only. You may not link or frame the website or any part of it without our express
permission.
Your Account
You are responsible for the confidentiality and maintenance of your personal account information and
password. You accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.
It is important that you keep your personal details and password confidential and secure. If you
have any reason to suspect that your password has become known by someone else, or has been or is
likely to be used without your authorisation, you should contact us immediately. We shall not be
liable to any person for any loss or damage as a failure by you to protect your password or account
details.
http://www.hector-russell.com/
reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate personal accounts, amend and remove
content and cancel orders (at no cost to you).
Registration
You guarantee that when you register with us as a customer, all of the information that you provide
is true, accurate and up to date. If any of the information provided changes, you must inform us
immediately by contacting our customer services team at
customer.service@hector-russell.com
.
You must not impersonate any other person or entity or use a false name or a name that you do not
have authority to use. You must not use the website in any way which will cause, or is likely to
cause, the website to be impaired, damaged or interrupted in any way. By placing an order on our
site you warrant that you are legally entitled to enter into binding contracts.
Your Conduct
You must not use
http://www.hector-russell.com/
for any of the following activities:
For any fraudulent activity
In connection with any criminal activity or unlawful act
To transmit or distribute a virus, Trojan, worm or logic bomb
To transmit any material which is illegal, malicious, in any way offensive, obscene, defamatory
or menacing
To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety to others
In breach of copyright, trademark, confidence, privacy or other right
Send unsolicited advertising or promotional material, often referred to as spam. Under the
Computer Misuse Act 1990, breaching this provision may be a criminal offence and we will report
any breach to the law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
Access to http://www.hector-russell.com/
We will make every effort to ensure that
http://www.hector-russell.com/
is available to use and is operating properly without any errors. However, we reserve the right
(from time to time) to restrict access to the website to allow essential maintenance or upload new
services and/or improvements. We will ensure that any interruptions are kept to a minimum.
Damage to Your Computer
We have made every effort to ensure that
http://www.hector-russell.com/
is free from viruses and defects. However, it is your responsibility to ensure that your computer is
properly protected and updated with specialist screening software available to screen out anything
that may damage it. We cannot guarantee that using this website or other websites which can be
accessed through
http://www.hector-russell.com/
will not result in any damage to your computer.
Links to Other Websites
There may be links on
http://www.hector-russell.com/
that will take you to other websites. We do not monitor these other websites and cannot control
their content, privacy policies or services. As such we do not accept any liability from the use of
these websites.
Click & Collect
Contacting Customers
You can expect to receive an email when your order has been confirmed, shipped to store &
received in-store ready for collection
Picking up your order in-store
Please ensure you have your order number and the credit or debit card you used to place the
order. You will be asked to present this so that we can check the last 4 digits match the card
we have on record.
Returns & Refunds
We hope you enjoy your purchase. If for any reason you are not completely happy with your
purchase you may return items to us within 28 days from the date of despatch for a refund.
All goods must be in original packaging, unused and unworn and be in pristine condition. Damaged
or incomplete packaging or missing contents may prevent us from issuing a refund.
If you have any queries please contact Customer Services on 0808 202 0242. Have your
documentation ready.
Returning/Exchanging Via Post
Please phone customer services on 0808 202 0242 to request a returns label.
Fill out your reason(s) for return in the return section at the end of the despatch note.
Enclose the despatch note with the product, and package up securely; please use original
packaging.
For return by post; we'll process your refund within two weeks of us receiving the item/s back in
our returns centre. We'll refund the credit or debit card of the person who originally placed
and paid for the order.
If you wish to exchange goods using post, please follow the return procedure by post detailed
above and re-order the correct item(s) via our website.
Returning/Exchanging Items To Store
You can also return or exchange items at your nearest Hector Russell store.
Take the item you wish to return and the despatch note into store.
All goods must be in their original packaging, unused or unworn and be in pristine, reasonable
condition. This does not affect your Statutory Rights.
Please make sure you also take in the payment card you originally used to buy the product. Your
refund can then be processed straight away. We will not be able to process refund if the payment
card is not presented at the time of return in the store.
The refund will be processed immediately.
You can exchange items in store for the items of equal value or, on payment of the difference if of
greater value. If your new purchase is of lesser value you will receive a refund of the difference
to the credit or debit card you paid with.
Non-Returnable Items
There are some items you cannot return to us. In the interests of hygiene swimwear may only be
returned to us if the hygiene strip is still intact. Earring jewellery cannot be returned. This does
not affect your Statutory Rights.
Gift Item Returns
You can return item(s) that you received as gift in store only. Gift returns must be in original
packaging, unused and unworn and be in pristine condition. Please return the item within 28 days of
the date of the proof of purchase and we will exchange for the current selling price. This does not
affect your Statutory Rights. You must produce the original dispatch note in order to receive a
refund.
Faulty Goods
Please phone customer services on 0808 202 0242 to advise of the fault and request a returns label.
We will process your refund within 2 weeks. Faulty goods cannot be returned to store.
Orders That Are Not Collected From Store
You will receive a automated email reminder after 7 and 14 days of the order arriving in-store. At 25
days customer services will try to contact you via telephone. If you still have not collected your
items within 28 days from your chosen store we will retain the item and you will be refunded by the
customer services team.
Support
If you have any queries please contact Customer Services on 0808 202 0242
Products
Product Availability
All products for sale on
http://www.hector-russell.com/
are subject to availability. If for any reason your order cannot be fulfilled owing to lack of
stock, you will be made aware of this on the web page where you tried to place your order.
Part Delivery
If only part of your order is available, we will dispatch the items that are in stock and cancel the out-of-stock items.
Product Descriptions
Every product is sold subject to the product description and supporting information such as size, colour, estimated delivery dates and guarantees. All sizes are in UK standard sizes (Size Guide). We make every effort to ensure that the product colour is as accurate as possible, but the colours shown may vary depending upon the setting of your computer monitor. We cannot guarantee that the colour shown will accurately reflect the colour upon delivery. We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all of the product details, descriptions and prices are correct at the time when the information was uploaded onto the website. However, the information may not always exactly reflect the position when you placed an order. Please note that the estimated delivery times are only estimates, and cannot be guaranteed. Packaging may vary from that shown. We reserve the right to refuse orders where the product information, price or product promotion has been incorrectly published.
Prices
All prices include VAT and are subject to change without prior notice.
The products will be at your risk from the time of delivery.
Ownership of the products will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the products, including delivery charges.
The price of any products will be as quoted on our site from time to time, except in cases of obvious error.
These prices, including VAT but excluding delivery costs, will be added to the total amount due as set out in the delivery information below.
Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you in a Dispatch Confirmation.
Our site contains a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed on our site may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a product’s correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the product to you. If a product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our website, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection.
We are under no obligation to provide the product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a Dispatch Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
Promotions
We run promotions both in our stores and on
http://www.hector-russell.com/
. Some of these promotions may be exclusively online, exclusively in-store or only available to
customers in certain areas.
Discounted products available on
http://www.hector-russell.com/
have been on sale at the higher marked price either on the web site or in at least one of our retail
stores for at least 28 consecutive days in the last 6 months.
Products sold in a 3 for 2 Promotions can be mixed and matched with other items on
the same promotion. The cheapest item will be free. If Multiple 3 for 2 promotions are present in
the same order the lowest values will be free depending on the number of promotions available.
Contract
Our Contract
When you place an order with
http://www.hector-russell.com/
, we will send you an order acknowledgement by email containing all the details of your order. This
is NOT an order confirmation but an acknowledgement that your order has been received. Our
acceptance of your order will take place when we charge your payment method for your order. At this
point, we will send you a dispatch confirmation email. Any products on the same order, which we have
not confirmed in a Dispatch Confirmation email, will not form part of that contract.
We reserve the right to refuse an order. Non acceptance of an order may be as a result of one of the
following, but not limited to: the product ordered being out of stock; our inability to obtain the
authorisation for payment; the identification of an error within the product information, including
price and promotion; you not meeting the eligibility to order as set out in the Terms and
Conditions.
You are seeking to enter into a contract with Hector Russell when you place an order.
Contract Cancellation
Right to cancel
You have a right to cancel this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
For sale of goods, the cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day on which you (or
your representative) acquire physical possession of the goods supplied.
To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us at Hector Russell, Waverley Mills, Langholm,
DG13 0EB. FreePhone 0808 202 0242 customer.service@hector-russell.com, of your decision to cancel
this contract by a clear statement (e.g. a letter sent by post, or e-mail). You may use the attached
model cancellation form (bottom), but it is not obligatory.
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning
your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
Effects of cancellation
If you cancel the contract, we will reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the
costs of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other
than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us).
We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any goods supplied, if the loss
is the result of unnecessary handling by you.
We will make the reimbursement without undue delay, and not later than-
(a) 14 days after the day we receive back from you any goods supplied, or
(b) (if earlier) 14 days after the day you provide evidence that you have returned the goods, or
(c) if there were no goods supplied, 14 days after the day on which we are informed about your
decision to cancel this contract.
We will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial
transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees
as a result of the reimbursement. We may withhold reimbursement until we have received the goods
back or you have supplied evidence of having sent back the goods, whichever is the earliest.
For goods
You shall send back the goods or hand them over to us, without undue delay and in any event not
later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate your cancellation from this contract to us.
The deadline is met if you send back the goods before the period of 14 days has expired.
You may use our freepost returns service or your own service. In any event, keep a receipt as proof
of postage.
You are only liable for any diminished value of the goods resulting from the handling other than
what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods.
________________________________________
Model cancellation form
To Hector Russell, Waverley Mills, Langholm, DG13 0EB. FreePhone 0808 202 0242
customer.service@hector-russell.com :
I/We[*] hereby give notice that I/We[*] cancel my/our[*] contract of sale of the following goods[*]
/ for the supply of the following service[*],
Ordered on [*]/received on [*],
Name of consumer(s),
Address of consumer(s),
Signature of consumer(s) (only if this form is notified on paper).
Date [*] Delete as appropriate.
We hope that you will be entirely satisfied with your purchase. Should you wish to cancel your
order, prior to receiving the goods, you must do so by contacting our customer services team on UK
Freephone 0808 202 0242 or International +44 (0) 1387 382 732 (9am - 5.30pm GMT - Monday to Friday
inclusive). All calls are free. Please have your order reference number to hand.
If goods have already been dispatched, please return them to us in their original condition and
packaging, using the return slip provided within 14 days.
Payments/Returns
Credit, Debit, Paypal & Amazon Payments
We accept most major cards including American Express, Visa, MasterCard, Visa Debit, Switch/Maestro.
Customers can also use PayPal or Amazon Payments to pay for orders. This is available as an option
during checkout.
Please note PayPal and Amazon Payments cannot be used to pay for orders taken by phone. We also
cannot currently accept PayPal and Amazon Payments for Click & Collect orders.
We are unable to accept payment via cheque or any method other than those listed above.
Payment By Phone
If for any reason your are not comfortable paying online, we do accept payment over the phone.
(Please note we can not accept payment by phone using PayPal or Amazon Payments) You can do so by
contacting our customer services team on
UK Freephone 0808 202 0242 or International +44 (0) 1387 382 732 (9am - 5.30pm GMT - Monday to
Friday inclusive).
Our staff would be delighted to help you with your order.
General
We will only charge your card when your order is ready to be dispatched. If there are any items in
your order that are not in stock, you will not be charged for them. You will be advised by email if
we are unable to complete your order for any reason. As part of our policy to protect against the
fraudulent use of credit cards, we carry out random security checks on orders. These can take
various forms, and may involve contacting you by telephone before your order is processed.
Delivery Information
Delivery Service
How long will it take?
Price
Standard
Royal Mail Standard
Items delivered in 3-5 Days. Mon to Sat, 8.30-5.30 excl. public holidays.***
£3.99
Express*
Royal Mail Express
Orders placed by 2.00pm, delivered within 48hrs. Mon to Sat, 8.30 - 5.30 excluding public
holidays. * ** ***
£4.99
* Signature required
** Scottish Highlands and Islands will take 48-72 hours on this service
*** A small number of areas - Northern Ireland, Isle of Man, Isles of Scilly - may take
up to 7 working days
If you would like to have your order sent to separate addresses, you can do so once you are in the
Delivery section. Select the "Advanced Delivery" page, where you can apply separate addresses to
each item you purchase. Each delivery address will be charged a separate delivery fee.
You will not be allowed to submit an order with items that are out of stock.
If only part of your order is available, we will dispatch the items that are in stock and cancel the
out of stock items. You will not be charged for any items that are not sent to you.
Our Standard deliveries are made by Royal Mail. You can track your delivery via
Royal Mail Track and Trace
. This is a 3-5 day service, which includes Saturday.
Our Express deliveries are made by Royal Mail. You can track your delivery via
Royal Mail Track and Trace
. This is a 48hr service, which includes Saturday.
Your order will be shipped to you as soon as possible, subject to payment card authorisation and
stock availability.
If the dispatch confirmation email is sent to you before 4.00pm, Monday to Friday, your order will
be collected by the appropriate delivery courier that day. Orders with dispatch confirmation emails
sent after these times will be collected by the appropriate delivery courier the next business day.
We cannot guarantee delivery within our usual timescales to a small number of areas. Please allow up
to seven working days for deliveries to the Scottish Highlands and Islands, Northern Ireland, Isle
of Man, Isles of Scilly.
All deliveries will be made according to the carriers' standard procedures. Our standard delivery
service does not require a signature, but our express delivery is recorded and as such requires a
signature. Packages that will not fit through your letter box may be taken back to the postal depot
for collection.
International Delivery Information
Orders placed on our website for shipment to countries other than the UK are subject to different
terms and conditions and where relevant these are incorporated into the T&C’s describing our
services throughout the site and wherever you need to reference them.
Delivery Service
How long will it take?
Price
Austria / Belgium / Denmark
Finland / France / Germany
Ireland / Italy / Netherlands
Norway / Poland / Spain
Sweden / Switzerland
Items delivered in 5-7 Days*
£9.99
USA / Canada
Items delivered in 10-14 Days*
£9.99
Australia / New Zealand
Items delivered in 14-21 Days*
£14.99
* International shipping services are dependent upon home country postal services. The
estimated delivery time quoted should serve as guidance only. We cannot guarantee
delivery dates or give any indication of when date of delivery will occur.
If you'd like to have items sent to separate addresses, please complete a separate order for each
address. A separate delivery charge will be made for each address.
In some countries you may need to sign for an international delivery. Please check with your local
postal services if you are unsure.
Customs Duty, Excise & Other Local Taxes
In some countries, mainly outside the European Union, the receiver of the package may be liable for
taxes, fees or other charges that are imposed by local laws or legislation in your country. The
recipient of the order is responsible for all customs formalities relating to their import and where
required to do so will need to pay any additional charges, including import duty, customs charges,
taxes, levies and any other charges. The recipient of the goods, not the person who's ordered them,
will receive a separate request for payment of these charges.
If you are ordering goods for delivery to someone else please make sure they are aware of the
possibility of these additional payments and that they will be responsible for payment. Since we
have no control over these charges we are unable to predict what they may be and consequently we are
unable to provide any assistance with these processes.
Hector Russell has no control over these import regulations or additional charges and we suggest you
contact the local authorities or postal service in the destination country for further advice.
Prices, Taxes and Payment
The website will charge and take payment in £ Pound Sterling. All prices shown on the site are
inclusive of local UK (Value Added Tax) VAT at 20% and if you are in an EU country currently, this
will be the price you pay. Orders for Non EU destinations will not be charged VAT and will have this
deducted at checkout. Copy invoices are available from within your online account control panel.
Simply login to your account for details.
Payment methods available include AMEX, Mastercard, VISA & PayPal.
Tracking Your Order
You can review the status of your order at any time by logging in to your account section of our
website and checking order information.
If you would like any help in finding out the status of your order or tracking its delivery
progress, please contact our customer services team via email on
customer.service@hector-russell.com
or contact our customer services team direct on UK Freephone 0808 202 0242 or International +44 (0)
1387 382 732 (9am - 5.30pm GMT - Monday to Friday inclusive)
Returns And Refunds
If you are not 100% satisfied with the item(s) you have ordered, we will give you a full refund
provided that you return the item(s) to us within 28 days of receipt and in a re-saleable condition
- i.e. in their original packaging, unworn, unwashed and complete with their original labels.
We reserve the right to refuse a refund for items returned that are not in a re-saleable condition.
You do not need to inform us before you send us a return.
For items purchased using Paypal or Amazon Payments please see returns and exchange information
below
If we have made a mistake on an item sent to you, or it is faulty, damaged or of unsatisfactory
quality, we will refund the delivery charges that you have paid to receive that item – unless it was
sent to you with other items that you are not returning for any of the reasons above.
We will only refund the price of the item to the purchaser once it is received by us. Please allow
up to ten working days for items to reach us, and a further five days for the credit to show in the
purchaser’s account.
Returns And Exchanges Paid By Paypal or Amazon Payments
If you have paid for your purchase via PayPal or Amazon Payments you can exchange unwanted items in
one of our Hector Russell Stores. Any items that are required to be refunded will need to be
returned to our warehouse to process the refund to your PayPal or Amazon Account.
We reserve the right to refuse a refund for items returned that are not in a re-saleable condition.
You do not need to inform us before you send us a return.
If we have made a mistake on an item sent to you, or it is faulty, damaged or of unsatisfactory
quality, we will refund the delivery charges that you have paid to receive that item – unless it was
sent to you with other items that you are not returning for any of the reasons above.
We will only refund the price of the item to the purchaser once it is received by us. Please allow
up to ten working days for items to reach us, and a further five days for the credit to show in the
purchaser’s account.
Products We Are Unable To Refund
Underwear and jewellery for piercings cannot be returned for hygiene reasons. This will be indicated along with the product information on our website.
These conditions do not affect your statutory rights.
Returns Can Be Made In The Following Ways:
UK Returns - In Store
Returns can be made to any Hector Russell store *  **
As long as it is within our returns policy guidelines, simply take the dispatch/refund note and the
product you wish to return or exchange to your nearest store and tell the sales assistant you bought
it online. The assistant will be happy to either process your refund via the original payment
method, or help you find an alternative product. Exchanges for goods at same or greater value (on
payment of difference) can be made.
* Returns cannot be made within our concession stores or our factory outlet stores. ** Stores may be
unable to refund postage costs or other associated costs. Please contact us for details or return by
Free Post.
Returns via Free Post
You will find a prepaid returns label and instructions enclosed with your order. You must complete
the Returns Note attached to the Dispatch Note indicating the quantity you are returning and the
reason for the return. If you require additional labels to return your items to our warehouse please
visit the Royal Mail website and following there instructions online.
Click here for a Royal Mail Free Returns Label
Keep details of goods returned, together with the remaining part of the Dispatch Note and Proof of
Return Document, until you have received your refund, in case of the unlikely event of returned
goods being lost in transit.
Please allow up to ten days for your goods to reach us.
PayPal & Amazon - Returns & Refunds
Good purchased using PayPal or Amazon Payments may be exchanged in store, however refunds cannot be
processed. Please follow the returns process below to receive a refund.
You will find a prepaid returns label and instructions enclosed with your order. You must complete
the Returns Note attached to the Dispatch Note indicating the quantity you are returning and the
reason for the return. If you require additional labels to return your items to our warehouse please
visit the Royal Mail website and following there instructions online.
Click here for a Royal Mail Free Returns Label
Keep details of goods returned, together with the remaining part of the Dispatch Note and Proof of
Return Document, until you have received your refund, in case of the unlikely event of returned
goods being lost in transit.
Please allow up to ten days for your goods to reach us.
International Returns
Items may be returned to us within 28 days from the date of despatch for a refund. All return
postage costs are the responsibility of the customer.  Address your package to:
Hector Russell Returns,
Peacocks Stores
, Heol Chrochendy
,
Parc Nantgarw
,
Treeforest Industrial Estate
,
Nantgarw,
CF15 7QT
Refunds Policy
Refunds will only be processed on items returned within 28 days.
All refunds will be made back to the payment card which was used to pay for the original order.
We are unable to offer credit notes.
We only offer exchanges in our standalone UK stores.
We do not offer an exchange service via the post.
If you would like an alternative item or size, please return the unwanted item(s) and place a new
order for the item(s) which you would like. We will refund you for the returned items as per our
standard policy.
Replacement Policy
We only offer exchanges in our standalone UK stores.
We do not offer an exchange service via the post.
If you would like an alternative item or size, please return the unwanted item(s) and place a new order for the item(s) which you would like. We will refund you for the returned items as per our standard policy.
Lost The Original Paperwork?
If you no longer have the pre-paid free returns label please address the package to:
Hector Russell Returns,
Peacocks Stores
, Heol Chrochendy
,
Parc Nantgarw
,
Treeforest Industrial Estate
,
Nantgarw,
CF15 7QT
Please make sure that you include the following information:
Order number
Name and address, including postcode
Contact telephone number
Email address
Reason for return:
Too small
Too big
Wrong colour
Damaged on receipt
Wrong item received
Not suitable
Faulty
Other
Write the order number on the top left-hand side of the packaging to help us to identify your parcel
at our warehouse.
You will need to pay for the postage yourself.
Can I return An Unwanted Gift
All orders can be returned by following the standard return policy and the return instructions on
the dispatch paperwork. However, please note that our returns process is automated and the original
purchaser will receive all of the standard notification emails for any return or refund requested.
If you request a refund, it will be made to the original payment card. We are unable to offer credit
notes.
Unwanted gifts can be returned to your nearest store with the Dispatch Confirmation for an exchange
only.
Your Account and Passwords
Forgotten Your Password?
If you have forgotten your password, just click on "Forgotten Password" and enter your email address. We will then email you a link with instructions to set up a new password.
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us at Country Casuals and we are committed to protecting your security. We promise not to divulge any of your personal information to any outside company for marketing or any other purpose without your permission.
We endeavour to be fully compliant with all of the relevant consumer and Data Protection legislation, and will always treat your personal information with total respect and confidentiality.
As with many large companies, communication by telephone may be recorded for the purposes of monitoring customer service standards and for security.
How do We Use Your Information
Any personal information which is collected during the purchasing process is only used by us and our carefully selected partner companies to ensure that we can take, process, deliver your order and maintain your account to the highest standard possible.
All of our partner companies are under a legal obligation to keep your personal information private.
We also collate statistics about the website traffic, sales and other commercial information which we use to improve our service to you. However, none of the information is on an individual basis.
With a view to understanding our customers better and where you have indicated that you would like us to, we will use the information that we have about your shopping habits to offer you products and services that are likely to interest you.
You may opt out of the various uses of your personal information at any time, even if you have previously given your consent to use it.
Marketing Communication
Opting In/Opting Out
We offer various opportunities for you to receive marketing communication from time to time, such as
emails, vouchers and promotional offers.
Each opportunity will explicitly state whether it is opt in or opt out.
If you would like to change your preferences at any time or would like to see what you have signed
up to receiving, please visit ‘My Account’ where a full list is displayed.
If you decide that you do not wish us to contact you, you can write to the Customer Services
Department, quoting "Security and Privacy Enquiry", at Hector Russell, Waverley Mills, Langholm,
Dumfriesshire, DG13 OEB.
If you no longer wish to receive any emails from us, each email we send contains an easy, automated
way for you to cease receiving emails from us. If you wish to do this, simply follow the
instructions at the end of any email. You may continue to receive mailings that are already on route
to you for a short period of time while your request is being dealt with.
Cookies
Cookies are small data files which are temporarily stored on your computer. They enable us to track your current shopping experience, save the contents of your shopping bag and gather valuable marketing information on website usage which allows us to constantly improve our service to you.
Cookies cannot harm your computer and do not contain any personal or private information.
In order to provide a personalised shopping experience with the highest level of security our website uses a number of cookies.
In order to shop with us your computer must be set up to receive cookies.
Some of our carefully selected affiliate partners may also use cookies so that they are able to track sales which have come from them; if these cookies are not accepted it will not affect the functionality of our website.
Security Policy
Our site uses software to provide high level SSL encryption technology to secure your data when you
transmit it to us. There are two simple ways to check if a page on our website is secure.
A small padlock sign will appear in the bottom bar of your browser or to the right of the URL
(address) bar.
The ‘http’ will be replaced with ‘https’ at the front of hector-russell.com in the browser
address window.
Although we use advanced security measures to protect your information against loss, misuse and
alteration, as is the case with all computer networks linked to the internet, we cannot absolutely
guarantee the security of your information provided over the internet and will not be responsible
for this.
Please note that email correspondence is free format text and cannot be encrypted, therefore it is
not a secure means of communication.
We will never contact you by email to ask you to send or confirm any of your personal details. If we
need any information of this nature we will only contact you by phone or letter.
Never send any sensitive information, such as passwords or credit card information, via email.
If you are using a public computer then make sure you log out fully and close the browser.
When creating a password, a combination of letters and numbers is recommended. Try not to use
obvious personal details such as the names of children or pets.
Keep your password private and do not use the same one for multiple online accounts.
It is recommended that you change your password frequently.
Phishing
Phishing is the practise of tricking someone into giving confidential information, such as email
scams that send banking customers to a website which is not the bank’s real website.
We will never contact you by email to ask you to send or confirm any of your personal details. If we
need any information of this nature we will only contact you by phone or letter.
If you receive an email claiming to be from us requesting this type of information, DO NOT RESPOND,
but please let us know by forwarding the email to
customer.service@hector-russell.com
.
Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode
We have introduced Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode to give you even more confidence when shopping online.
These services give you extra protection against unauthorised usage when shopping online.
All you need to do is set up a private password with your card issuer. During the checkout process you will automatically be asked to provide the password when you make a purchase.
To register for these services you must first register with the bank or organisation which issued your card.
Find out more about Verified by Visa and MasterCard.
Dispute Resolution
Should you have any dispute, please email us at
customer.service@hector-russell.com
or call us on UK Freephone 0808 202 0242 or International +44 (0) 1387 382 732 (9.00am - 5.30pm GMT
- Monday to Saturday inclusive).
Accessibility
We recognise how important it is that our website can be used by as many people as possible.
We have worked with our designers to ensure that our site meets the legal requirements under the
Disability Discrimination Act and can be used by our customers who have visual, hearing, cognitive
or motor impairments. We are continually working to improve accessibility at
http://www.hector-russell.com/
and are pleased to say that our website meets the strict guidelines provided by the World Wide Web
Consortium
If you experience any difficulty using
http://www.hector-russell.com/
or have any feedback for us regarding the accessibility of the site, then please do not hesitate to
contact us at
customer.service@hector-russell.com
.
Legal Notices
Limited Liability
We use reasonable endeavours to make sure that the content of the website is accurate, although we cannot totally guarantee this. We shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on the website. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, terms and conditions, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this website. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your Contract Cancellation Rights.
We will not be held liable for any loss of goodwill, any economic losses or any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred by any person arising out of, or in connection with, the Terms and Conditions.
Exclusions of Liability
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our servants, directors, employees, consultants, agents and affiliates. Any disclaimers and exclusions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Scotland. Each provision of the Terms and Conditions shall be applied separately; if any are deemed to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions in any circumstances.
Written Communications
Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our site, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communication should be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Other Legal Notices
There may be other legal notices on other areas of the
http://www.hector-russell.com/
website which together with the Terms and Conditions govern your use of the website in its entirety.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach the conditions.
severability
If any of these terms and conditions or any provisions of a contract are determined by any competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable to any extent, such term, condition or provision will to that extent be severed from the remaining terms, conditions and provisions which will continue to be valid to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Variation
We reserve the right to make any changes, permanently or temporarily, to the website or any of the services and policies without notice to amend at our absolute discretion. You will be bound by the details of the Terms and Conditions or the website information which was in place at the time of use or when you placed your order. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine if the Terms and Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to the changes, you cannot continue to use the website.
Transfer Of Rights and Obligations
The contract between you and us is binding on you and us and on our respective successors and assignees. You may not transfer, assign, charge or otherwise dispose of any of your rights or obligations arising under these terms and conditions, without our prior consent.
We may transfer, assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise dispose of any of our rights or obligations arising under these terms and conditions, at any time during the term of the contract.
Children
http://www.hector-russell.com/
does not sell products to people under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you need to get a parent
or guardian over the age of 18 to purchase on your behalf.
Events Beyond Our Reasonable Control
If we are delayed or are unable to fulfil our obligations under these Terms and Conditions as a result of events beyond our reasonable control (force majeure), including (but not limited to) strikes, lockouts, failures of third party systems, acts of god, fire, earthquake, storm, flood, natural disaster, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, deliberate damage to equipment or data, or damage of premises or equipment, we cannot be held responsible. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Law
This website, the content within it and any contract resulting from using it are governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of Scotland and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Scottish Courts. All contracts will be conducted in the English language.
These Terms and Conditions do not affect your non-excludable rights under law.