https://www.goodfeet.com/legal
Legal Notice
Good Feet maintains this Website for the purposes of information, education and communication.
Your access to and use of this Website is subject to the following:
(1) This Website is designed to provide general information about Good Feet’s products. It is not intended to provide medical advice. Consumers should always consult a medical professional for advice on the treatment of a specific condition or for any other particular need.
(2) Good Feet's goal is to ensure that the information on this Website is accurate and up to date but makes no representations, warranties or assurances (express or implied) as to the accuracy, currency or completeness of such information. Good Feet shall not be liable for any damage or injury which may arise from the use of or reliance upon any information provided in this Website or from your inability to access the Website. Good Feet assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damage or injury to you, your computer or other personal property including but not limited to damages caused by viruses that infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to our Website or from your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio, or other items from the Website.
(3) Some links in this Website may lead to Websites which are not under the control of Good Feet. When you visit any of those Websites you will leave the Good Feet Website and Good Feet will accept no responsibility or liability with respect to the material or any Website which is not under the control of Good Feet. External sites are not endorsed by Good Feet and Good Feet makes no representation or warranty as to the content contained in any such external Website.
(4) These terms of use and your use of the Website shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California. If any provision of these terms of use shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, that provision shall be deemed void but shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
(5) This Website is provided as a service to its visitors. Good Feet reserves the right to delete, modify or supplement the content of this Website at any time for any reason without notification to anyone.
(6) Please view our Internet Privacy Policy for information as to how we collect and use information collected or received through this Website.
(7) INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY All brand names, characters, slogans, logos, service marks, and trademarks whether or not appearing in italicized, bolded and/or in large print, with or without the trademark symbols, are owned by or licensed to Good Feet Worldwide, LLC, Dr.’s Own, Inc. or its affiliates, and are protected from reproduction, imitation, dilution or confusing or misleading uses under national and international trademark and copyright laws. Any unauthorized use of the content or trademarks or any materials, may violate copyright, trademark, unfair competition, false advertising, privacy, and other U.S. and/or international laws, and may infringe upon the rights of Good Feet Worldwide, LLC, Dr.’s Own, Inc. and or its affiliates. Such unauthorized use may result in your personal liability, including potential criminal liability. This includes the entire content of the Website, copyrighted and protected as a collective work.
(a) Reproduction of Images and Other Copyrighted Material. As with any image, possession of a copy of a digitized image does not give unrestricted rights to use it. The copyright of an image is generally owned by the photographer and only the copyright owner, or the owner's legal representative, can grant permission to copy, distribute, or publicly display the image.
(b) It is illegal to reproduce photographs taken by a professional photographer or other copyrighted material without the permission of the copyright owner.
(c) Use of Information on this Website. The copyrights of the images and other material on this Website are owned by Good Feet or the individual photographers who have authorized their use on this Website.
(d) Use of Other Images and Information. Other images and information may be downloaded, reprinted and reproduced for non-commercial, private purposes. Other images and information may not be manipulated or altered without the express permission of Good Feet or the photographer. This Website may contain Intellectual Property owned by third parties, including but not limited to promotional and business partners, licensors, licensees, sponsors and advertisers. The third party product names/brand names are trademarks of their respective owners.
View our digital brochure and learn all about how the Good Feet Store can help you.
Sign Up Now
View our digital brochure and learn all about how the Good Feet Store can help you.
Sign Up Now
Discover How The Good Feet Store Can Help You.
Sign up for free pain relief tips and articles.
Sign up for free pain relief tips and articles.
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Zip Code
*required
Have you visited a Good Feet Store in the past?*
Yes
Yes
No
No
Have you ever purchased Good Feet arch supports?*
Yes
Yes
No
No
captcha response
Submit
We will miss you!
Thanks for being a Good Feet Store supporter, we hope you’ve benefitted from our products and are living the life you love. You will be immediately unsubscribed from our newsletters and special announcements when you submit below. If you really didn’t mean it, click here
Email:
Reason:
Select reason
Select
I never signed up
Content not of interest to me
I get too many emails
I signed up by mistake
Other
recaptcha response
Submit
By using this site, you agree to our updated Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use
Got it!
Foot, Knee, hip
or back pain?
We can help
Get free tips and insights.
Sign Me Up