https://www.greatarrivals.com/terms-of-service-privacy-policy/
Home
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
Terms of ServicePLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO ABIDE BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE.
What We Do
Welcome to GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets, custom designers of gift baskets on the web. These terms and conditions apply to your use of all sites and services owned or operated by GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets, Inc.
We reserve the right to modify these terms and conditions at any time. Users should check these terms and conditions periodically for changes. If at any time you choose not to accept any of these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets reserves the right to change the fee structure for products and services offered on our web site.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All content included in GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets (including, but not limited to information, data, text, software, photographs, graphics, video and audio content) is protected under the copyright laws of the United States and other countries, and is the property of GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets.
"greatarrivals.com" is a service mark and trademark of GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets, Inc.
No Warranties
GREATARRIVALS.COM GIFT BASKETS RECEIVES ITS INVENTORY FROM A VARIETY OF SUPPLIERS AND SERVICE COMPANIES LOCATED THROUGHOUT THE COUNTRY. EVEN THOUGH GREATARRIVALS.COM GIFT BASKETS MAKES EVERY EFFORT TO USE ONLY THE BEST QUALITY OF GOODS, WE CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR DEFECTS IN THE PRODUCTS THAT COMPRISE OUR GIFT BASKETS. THEREFORE, THE SERVICES AND GOODS PROVIDED THROUGH OUR SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS." WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO ANY INFORMATION, GOODS OR SERVICES THAT ARE AVAILABLE, ADVERTISED OR SOLD THROUGH THIS WEB SITE.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL GREATARRIVALS.COM GIFT BASKETS OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN THE CREATION, PRODUCTION OR DISTRIBUTION OF GREATARRIVALS.COM GIFT BASKETS' PRODUCTS AND SERVICES BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE USE OF THE GOODS INCLUDED IN OUR GIFT BASKETS.
Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy and security and have explained in detail the steps we take to do so. We urge you to read our Privacy Policy.
Other Terms and Conditions
These terms will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to any principles of conflicts of law. You agree that any action at law or in equity that arises out of or relates to these terms will be filed only in the state or federal courts located in Boston, Massachusetts, and you hereby consent and submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action. If any of these terms and conditions are found unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be considered severable from the remaining terms and conditions, and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. Any inquiries concerning these terms and conditions of use should be directed to customerservice@greatarrivals.com or GreatArrivals.com Gift Baskets, P.O. Box 9143, Foxboro, MA 02035.
Date: October 4, 2020
Privacy Policy
greatarrivals.com, Inc. is very concerned about your privacy and creating a safe and pleasant environment for all of our users. This statement discloses the privacy practices for greatarrivals.com, Inc. It has adopted guidelines which serve as the basis for our customer and advertiser relationships. These guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, these guidelines are subject to change. Any such changes will be posted on this page. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a prominent notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
If at any time you choose not to accept our privacy policy and terms and conditions herein, please do not use this site.
Information That We Collect When ordering on www.greatarrivals.com, you must provide certain personal information such as your name, address, telephone number and credit card information (credit card number, expiration date, CVV code and billing address) as well as the receiver's name, address and telephone number. We use this information to complete your order transaction.
We also collect third party information when you choose to ship a product to someone other than yourself or if you choose to tell a friend about the site. We use this information only to complete the transaction or to send a one-time email to your friend inviting him or her to visit the site and will not send any promotional materials to that person.
You may also just register with our site in order to receive our promotional emails. No purchase is necessary. See "Choice/Opt-out" below.
Testimonials Users may send us testimonials and we may post those on our site. We receive permission to post any testimonial prior to posting. To request removal of your personal information from our testimonials, contact us at customerservice@greatarrivals.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Security You can order confidentially - our online shopping is secure. greatarrivals.com, Inc. takes every precaution to protect information you send to us over the Internet. When you submit sensitive information via the website, we protect your information! All personal information (such as name, address, credit card number, etc.) entered on our registration and order form is transmitted in an encrypted form for your safety. All transactions are kept secure when you use Netscape Navigator 4.0+, Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0+, AOL 3.0+ or any compatible Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) browser to order our products. This encryption provides the best possible protection from unauthorized parties accessing any information you send to us.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at customerservice@greatarrivals.com.
Links to Other Sites This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by greatarrivals.com, Inc.. Please be aware that we, greatarrivals.com, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Social Media Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook button [and Widgets, or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Surveys or Contests From time-to-time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our site. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
We use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes, to monitor site traffic and to send participants an email newsletter.
Log Files As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate. Usage and Volume statistics are collected to analyze web site traffic patterns, marketing channels and make decisions about product mix.
greatarrivals.com, Inc. uses aggregate information from demographic surveys and traffic patterns to make improvements to our site. State-of-the-art comparison technology allows us to use this information to make recommendations to members based on previous traffic patterns and purchases.greatarrivals.com, Inc. uses information only on an aggregate level and does not track information about individuals. Aggregate information may be shared with partners of greatarrivals.com, Inc. to plan advertising or promotions. We do not share any individual information with these third parties for any reason, including their own marketing purposes.
greatarrivals.com, Inc. does collect information in aggregate form that we may, from time to time, provide to advertisers and other third parties. If and when this is done, greatarrivals.com, Inc. will not include any identifiable individual information in this sharing practice.
Cookies A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. A cookie is a small piece of information that web sites use to remember information about users. greatarrivals.com, Inc. uses two types of cookies to recognize our members and remember shopping list items.
greatarrivals.com, Inc. uses session cookies to provide continuity from page to page. Within a single visit, these cookies store information such as your shopping list to simplify checkout. They do not contain any personally identifying information.
greatarrivals.com, Inc. also uses persistent cookies to identify members after their first visit and is tied to their personally identifiable information. These cookies remain on the hard drive of a PC and allow a user to enter our site without having to log in on every visit. To access any secure areas such as your account information, you must still enter your password. You can disable your cookies at any time through your browser options. We do not use cookies to establish profiles of users to our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
Some of our business partners (e.g., UPS and FEDEX) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies.
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by greatarrivals.com, Inc. www.greatarrivals.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Clear Gifs (Web Beacons)Our third party utility tracking partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a Web Beacons), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers' personally identifiable information. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable) We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our partners and advertisers. This information does not identify individual users. We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.
Service Providers We use other third parties to provide billing and shipping services on our site. When you purchase a product from us, we will share billing and shipping information as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose including their own marketing purposes.
Legal Disclaimer and Business Transitions greatarrivals.com, Inc. will not disclose any personal information provided to us except as described in this privacy policy unless we are authorized to do so, the law requires it, to protect the rights of greatarrivals.com, Inc. and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site, or as part of a transfer of all our assets in the event of a sale of the Company.
Communications from the Site
Special Offers and Updates We will occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals and promotions. You can sign up for these emails from us on our registration page.
Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see the "Choice and Opt-out" section.
Newsletters If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Sign up by registering. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. Please see the "Choice and Opt-out" section.
Service-related Announcements We will send you strictly service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email and we will also send you order confirmation emails. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account by contacting us at customerservice@greatarrivals.com. You may opt-out of these communications. Please see "Choice and Opt-out."
Choice/Opt-out We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at customerservice@greatarrivals.com. We offer an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications by contacting us at customerservice@greatarrivals.com or at PO Box 9143, Foxboro, MA 02035.
You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by making the change on our member home page or by emailing our Customer Support at customerservice@greatarrivals.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at customerservice@greatarrivals.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We are committed to maintaining the trust of our users. If you have any questions or concerns about the privacy or security of any information that you have provided, please do not hesitate to contact us.
greatarrivals.com, Inc. PO Box 9143Foxboro, MA 02035
Last Updated: October 4, 2020
×
OK