http://www.draftorder.com/privacy-policy
How it Works
Online Drafts
In-Person Drafts
The Draft
Auction Drafts
FanDraft Blog
Features
Try it Free
Support
Login/Account
Order
FanDraft Privacy Policy Last updated: September 24, 2020At FanDraft LLC d/b/a FanDraft.com (“FanDraft”, “we”, “us”), we are committed to you and to protecting your privacy rights. We only collect and track the minimum information necessary to provide you with an enhanced user experience while visiting our website, FanDraft.com or FanDraftOnline.com (referred to as the “Website”), and using our associated mobile apps. Our website and mobile apps are collectively referred to as the “Service”.What information do we collect?Personal InformationFanDraft offers a variety of free content and tools that do not require any sort of user registration, therefore no information is gathered from you. However, in order to enhance your experience on our site, subscribe for premium membership, and access certain areas of our site, FanDraft LLC may require you to register for an account.When you register for a FanDraft / FanDraft Online account, you are asked to provide your name and email address in order for us to contact you and allow for account recovery in the event that you forget your password. If you choose to register or connect using your Facebook account, you grant us access to your Facebook account’s associated name and email address only. We do not store any other personal information from your Facebook account.Types of Personal Data We CollectFanDraft LLC collects Personal Data about you when you provide it directly to us, when third parties such as our business partners (e.g. companies with whom we integrate our Service), service providers (such as our advertising service providers) provide us with Personal Data about you, or when Personal Data about you is automatically collected in connection with your use of our Service. We collect the following Personal Data from you in connection with the Service:Contact Information: information we collect to identify or contact you such as your first and last name and email address. For example, this is the basic information that we collect when you register for an account on our site.Transaction Information: information related to transactions you conduct on the Service, including when you subscribe or sign up for a special offer, and your interactions with the Service (for example the functionality you use and the links clicked on the Service). This information does not include financial information.User Account Information: information that identifies you to the Service, such as your user name, email address, password, and IP address. For example, we use this information to authenticate you when you log in to the Service, and use the IP address to help maintain your web session security and account preferences while using the Service.Device information: information about devices accessing the Service, including type of device, what operating system and version is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and crash data.User Content: to the extent that you choose to input Personal Data as part of the content, images, comments, and other information, and materials that you choose to post to or through the Service.League Information: many benefits offered on FanDraft.com and FanDraftOnline.com relies on customization of tools and information based on your fantasy sports league(s) and respective team(s). In order to improve relevance of the tools and information you see, we ask you to provide us with access to import those leagues, typically by logging in to your league host or explicitly granting permission for our tools to access your data. We do not store your login information on our servers, as we either get permission from you to access the league via an API or rely on the cookies of your league host to grant access.We request but do NOT store the following Personal Data from you when using our Service:Financial Account Information: information that you provide in connection with your purchase of the Service (or a purchase made through the Service), including credit card number, credit card expiration date, and credit card verification code. You must only provide us with Financial Account Information for accounts and credit cards that you have the lawful right to access. This information is stored and processed by our payment processing partner, Braintree. Please refer to Braintree's privacy policy.CookiesWe utilize cookies for a few different purposes. Cookies can either be “session cookies” or “persistent cookies”.Session cookies are temporary cookies that are stored on your device for the duration of your visit to Website or while using our Service, whereas “persistent cookies” are stored on your device for a period of time after you leave our Website or after using our Service.We use persistent cookies to store your account preferences so that they are available for the next visit, to keep a more accurate account of how often you visit our Service, and how your use of the Service varies over time.We also use persistent cookies to measure the effectiveness of advertising efforts. Our advertising partners (those who ads you see on our Website or Service) may also use persistent cookies to increase the relevance of the goods and services you see.For more information on cookies, including how to control your cookie settings and preferences, visit https://ec.europa.eu/ipg/basics/legal/cookies/index_en.htm, https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/online/cookies/ and https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.How do we use the information we collect?We will only use your Personal Data as necessary to provide you with the Service (as outlined in our Terms of Use) or to improve our business and operations.  In some cases, we process Personal Data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such data. When we process Personal Data based on your consent, it will be expressly indicated to you at the point and time of collection.Legitimate and necessary uses of your Personal Data include:Operation and improvement of our business, products, and servicesMarketing of our products and servicesProvision of customer supportProtection from fraud or security threatsCompliance with legal obligationsCompletion of corporate transactionsE-mailWe may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about new services from FanDraft LLC, special offers we think you’ll find valuable, and update you on important functionality changes to the Website or Service. If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of any other notification, simply unsubscribe using the link at the bottom of any of our emails, or submit such a request to us.We use MailChimp as our e-mail marketing platform. By choosing to opt-in to our marketing emails, you acknowledge that the e-mail and interest information you provide will be transferred to MailChimp for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms.Mobile AppsLeague information you provide to us will be used to tailor mobile application notifications, if you have them installed on your device. These notifications can be disabled at any time through the application.We will never sell your information to third parties.We only collect the minimum information necessary to provide you with our Service. We do not sell or share your Personal Data with any third parties. We are providing this privacy policy to let you understand how we collect and utilize information from our visitors and customers.If you have any questions feel free to contact us using our contact form here: https://www.fandraft.com/supportHow we protect your information.We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems.To ensure compliance with the latest security technology, we recommend using one of the following browsers and keeping them updated with the latest version. Each of these browsers can be downloaded free of charge:Google Chrome: https://www.google.com/chrome/Mozilla Firefox: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/To ensure the highest level of security available today, we encrypt all Website communications with a secure 256-bit certificate. If you do not have access to a browser that supports this encryption, your information may not be processed properly by our servers and may adversely affect your experience while using our Website or Service. Alternately, it may not be securely transferred through your web browser to our servers.When you submit information over the Internet to any website or entity, the information passes through multiple networks and systems. Unfortunately, not all of these systems are under our control, and information may be intercepted.While we do our best to protect your information, FanDraft LLC cannot ensure or warrant the security of your information that you transmit to us due to those circumstances. You use our Website and Service at your own risk.Additionally, by voluntarily posting anything in a public area of the Internet, including our Website or Service, you are making that information publicly available to others. You should always exercise caution when publicly disclosing any personal information.Your personally identifiable information is stored in our secure database. E-mail addresses are securely stored with our e-mail management partner, MailChimp. Your password is encrypted using a 256-bit hashing algorithm.Select employees of FanDraft LLC may have access to your information but are only allowed to use it for diagnostic or customer service purposes.You can request your information be removed from our systems at any time.You can have your data removed from our systems at any time by requesting an account deletion. This will remove your name, email address, and any other information stored in our systems. However, for legal and reporting purposes, your transaction history will be saved but will not be associated with you in any way.To have your information removed from our systems, please contact us at support@fandraft.com and we will assist you.The third party advertisers we work with and opting outWe allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Website. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click data, browser information, time and date, interaction with advertisements, number of ad impressions) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this data.You may learn more about our advertising partners’ privacy policies and possibly opt out of some tracking cookies that will be able to identify you on third-party ad networks we feature by using the following links:Google:https://policies.google.com/privacy External links and co-branded partnershipsIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, FanDraft LLC may choose various third party web sites to link to, link from, and frame within our Website and Service. FanDraft LLC also participates in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to its users.However, even if the third party is affiliated with FanDraft LLC, we have no control over these linked sites, each of who have separate privacy and data collection practices independent of FanDraft LLC. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such websites. Please make sure you are comfortable with the privacy practices of every site you visit before providing the site with your personal information. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk.We also make public commenting available to you on FanDraft.com. Please remember that we cannot control the information that is shared by members and that anything you voluntarily provide in any public area of the Internet will be publicly available to other visitors on that web site and potentially to other third parties. Thus, please note that you should always exercise caution when deciding to publicly disclose any of your personal information in these and similar areas.Your ConsentBy using our web site and services including FanDraft.com, FanDraftWEB.com, FanDraftOnline.com and the FanDraft software application, you consent to the collection and use of information by FanDraft LLC as set forth in this privacy statement across the Website and Service. This privacy statement will always be kept up to date. If we change the way we collect, store, process, or disclose your information it will be reflected here.FanDraft LLC believes that it is particularly important to protect the privacy of children. For that reason, we do not allow the purchase or use of our products from those under the age of 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under the age of 13.Continued access or use of the web site shall constitute your express acceptance of any modifications to this privacy statement.Terms of UsePlease refer to our Terms of Use.Questions?If you have any questions about our privacy policy, practices, or your interaction with our Website and Service, please contact us at support@fandraft.comOur PoliciesAcceptable Use PolicyAccessibilityDMCA PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of Service