http://www.tattooaftercare.co.uk/privacy-policy
Currency
GBP
EUR - Euro
USD - US Dollar
The Aftercare Company
Menu
Search
My Account
Cart
Search
My Account
Sign In
Create an Account
Skip to Content
Welcome To The Aftercare Company
Currency
GBP
EUR - Euro
USD - US Dollar
The Aftercare Company
Menu
Home
Tattoo
Tattoo Aftercare
Vegan Aftercare
Tattoo Care Guide
Piercing
Application & Ingredients
Laser
Application & Ingredients
Micro
Application & Ingredients
Shop
Shop Retail
Shop Wholesale
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your privacy at all times and only ever use the information provided on our site to process your order and occasionally from time to time to inform you of any new products or company changes.
When you place an order you are required to give your name, email address, delivery address and telephone number. This information is required to process your order. This information is only used for this specific request unless you give us permission to use it in another manner i.e. mailing list.  At no time do we use or sell your information to third party vendors, companies or associates unless it is required to be passed on to fulfill the service we provide. i.e. Delivery company.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure.  In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.
COOKIES
This site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site and understanding how visitors use the Site. Personal information cannot be collect via cookies and other tracking technology, however if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information.  Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can tick to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@theaftercarecompany.comYou may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:The Aftercare Company Unit 32 FlexspaceNorth Road, Ellesmere Port, CH65 1AE
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
CREDIT CARD PAYMENTS
We protect the security of your information during transmission using secure sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you provide to us to purchase the products required. Your credit card information is passed immediately using SSL to the credit card processor who will process your payment.
Once your credit card information is passed for processing we hold no information on your credit card number, expiry dates except for the last five digits of your credit card, which is used when confirming an order. This is an automated process using SSL
Should you have any queries regarding the safety of the information you provide please contact Shirley Jaffrey by email info@theaftercarecompany.com or by telephone 0151 355 3000
Please Get In Touch
Unit 32 Flexspace Pioneer Business CentreNorth RoadEllesmere PortCH65 1AE
Call Us Now: 0151 355 3000Office hours: 9am - 5pm weekdays
info@theaftercarecompany.com sales@theaftercarecompany.com
Our Company
Our History & Ethos
Product Testing
Delivery Options
Distributor Enquiries
Contact Us Directly
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
© 2019 Welcome to The Aftercare Company. All Rights Reserved.
Payment Methods
Products Refunds & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions