https://www.gaffey.co.uk/privacy
For support & advice
call 01254 350180
Toggle navigation
01254 350180
Contact
About Us
Login / Register
Go!
Products
Applications
Services
Training
Case Studies
News
Exhibitions
Home
Privacy
Privacy
PrivacyPolicy
At Gaffey Technical Services Ltd we are dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us. This Privacy Policy, together with our terms of use, provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.We do update this Policy from time to time so please do review this Policy regularly.For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 our data controller is Andrew Gaffey.Information We Collect In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you:
i.
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
ii.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase.
iii.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.Use of CookiesOn occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website. Such information will not identify you personally; it is statistical data about our visitors and their use of our site. This statistical data does not identify any personal details whatsoever.Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically. This cookie file is stored on the hard drive of your computer as cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. They help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. Links that we may provide to other websites, over which we have no control, may also use cookies. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on the link on our website.Cookies may be enabled or disabled by changing the security settings in your browser.For example in Internet Explorer 8:Click the Tools button on the menu bar and select Internet OptionsClick the Privacy tab and select Advanced.Under First Party Cookies select Accept.Then select Always allow session cookies and click OK.Click on OK again to exit Internet Options.For other browser types click Help on your browser menu bar.
Use of Your InformationThe information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
i.
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
ii.
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
iii.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. If you do not want to receive email messages from us, simply select to be removed from our email list when registering. If you do not wish to receive other forms of direct mail promotions from us, then please contact us on 01706 233600. Disclosing Your Information We will not sell, rent, or give away information that personally identifies customers to third parties except where elements of the business have been outsourced and the provision of such information is required for the provision of services to you (for example a credit reference check when opening a credit account). Under such circumstances, the security and confidentiality of personal information would form a part of the legal agreement between us and the supplier of the outsourced service.From time to time, we may release aggregated and anonymised marketing statistics to business partners, or may use these in press releases, advertising, or published reports. Gaffey Technical Services Ltd may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Gaffey Technical Services Ltd rights or property, other users of this site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. In addition, Gaffey Technical Services Ltd may disclose user information when required by law. Storing Your Personal Data Your personal data may be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area, for example, a credit card company engaged in the processing of your payment details. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety.The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.Third Party LinksYou mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them. Access To Information The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you. Please note that any demand for access may be subject to payment of a fee of £10 which covers our costs in providing you with the information requested. Should you wish to receive details that we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.Contacting UsWe welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at
info@gaffey.co.ukGaffey Technical Services Ltd., Unit 3a Newhouse Road, Huncoat Business Park, Accrington, Lancashire BB5 6NT. Tel. 01254 350180Fax. 01254 350181
For support and advice call 01254 350180
Contact Us
Share
x
LOGIN
Email address
Password
Remember me
Need to Register?
Forgot Password
Register Here
x
REGISTER FOR AN ACCOUNT
Your trade account has submitted for approval, In the meantime click here to view your dashboard
Your Account has been successfully created click here to view your dashboard
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Password
Password
Register as Trade User
Marketing Preferences
By selecting your preferences below, you’re agreeing that we can contact you for marketing purposes. Your preferences can also be tailored after registration.
Product News / Catalogues
Company News
Training & Events
Special Promotions
I do not wish to be contacted for marketing purposes
I have read and agree to the terms & conditions and privacy policy*
I am not a robot*
Already Registered?
Login Here