https://www.kiefer.com/about-kiefer/privacy-policy
25% OFF Gift Guides! Use Code   GIFTS25    Shop gift guides | Shop gift sets
Get it by Christmas! View Shipping Deadlines
Privacy Policy
Kiefer.com is the official online store for
Adolph Kiefer and Associates1700 Kiefer Drive Zion, Illinois, 60099
Contact
800-323-4071847-872-8866
Privacy Policy Statement
Our customer's privacy rights are very important and we are committed to treating you with the respect you deserve. That includes respecting and protecting your privacy. We collect information from you and about you to fulfill orders and to ensure you will have a satisfying shopping experience.
What information do we collect?
Our order form requires you to provide your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, expiration date and three-digit CVV, phone number and fax number. It is important that you provide accurate and complete information. We use this information to process and complete your order and to communicate with you regarding the status of your order. Kiefer does not disclose phone, fax or credit card numbers to any third parties.
Kiefer also collects information to improve the content of Kiefer.com. Kiefer collects: the domain name and e-mail address of visitors, aggregate information from the pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer such as survey information and/or site registrations. Persons who supply Kiefer with their e-mail, postal address and/or telephone number on-line by requesting a catalog, using our contact us form, adding your email address to our newsletter list, entering a sweepstakes, placing an order or other ways in which you share your email address with us may receive promotional or informational e-mails, postal address and/or telephone contact from Kiefer with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive information from Kiefer in the future, please contact us at the above address or use the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you received from us
Security
The security of your order information is extremely important to Kiefer. We use the 256-bit Secure Socket Layer protocol to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than Kiefer.
Once you enter the online checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode. You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following: The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https." Depending on the browser, you will see either a padlock or a solid key in the lower section for the browser window. Only browsers that use the 256-bit Secure Socket Layer protocol are able to order through the Kiefer web site.
You can also ensure that your credit card and identity information are secure by clicking the RapidSSL icon pictured at the bottom of the checkout page.
Contests and Sweepstakes
All participants must be age 18 years of age and older to participate in all Kiefer contests and sweepstakes, whether online or offline. Participants also must be residents of the continental United States of America. Please note that any contest conducted on Facebook is not associated or endorsed by Facebook. No purchase necessary in order to enter or win. A purchase will not increase your chances of winning. All federal, state, local and municipal laws and regulations apply. By entering all Facebook and online contests, you grant Adolph Kiefer and Associates, LLC the permission to use your photo, first name, and city on our website, social media channels, and other marketing.
By participating in any contests and/or sweepstakes, you acknowledge and accept all of the parts of this agreement. Users who enter any contest or sweepstakes through email agree to receiving future email marketing correspondence from Kiefer. These users may choose to unsubscribe at any time.
Home
About Kiefer
Privacy policy
About KieferOur StoryOur FounderKiefer Gives BackCustomer Success StoriesKiefer AdvantageKiefer CareersPrivacy policyTerms of Use