http://www.bramptonframing.com/customer-information/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy StatementThis is the web site of Vallaton Limited.Our postal address is: 11a Old Hall RoadChesterfieldDerbyshireS40 3RGWe can be reached via e-mail at sales@bramptonframing.comor by telephone at 01246 554338.Cookies PolicyEach time you visit a page on our website, your IP address is recorded. This is so that we can track the contents of your cart and is not used to personally identify you in any way.Some anonymous data is recorded by Google on our behalf in order to help us better understand our visitors and to help improve our website.
None of this data is personally identifiable.
Google's privacy policy is available here.Secure PaymentsOnline purchases offered on this website are handled via PayPal.
PayPal is a secure payment system and any personal data you enter is handled by them.
Their privacy policy is available here.
When you complete a purchase we will receive only the data required to complete your order from PayPal.Customer RecordsIf you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or writing to us at the above address.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.Persons who supply us with their e-mail addresses on-line will only receive e-mails from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us, writing to us, or telephoning us at the above addresses/numbers.Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information and communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mailing us, writing to us, or telephoning us at the above addresses/numbers.A customer may request us to delete any and all information pertaining to them held in our secure records.
Any prior orders they have placed will be fully anonymised such that no information remains that could uniquely identify the customer.All exchange of secure information is handled via secure servers. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.