https://www.giftsinternational.net/info/terms-and-conditions
Open for orders and delivering safely at distance.
Home > Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
The following Terms and Conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. By entering into any financial transaction with Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International), you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions as below:
Gifts International is a trading name of Drinx.Com Ltd. All terms and conditions stated here apply to any business conducted by Drinx.Com Ltd and any of its trading names.
1.AGE VERIFICATION:
It is Illegal to Sell Alcohol to anyone under the age of 18, therefore you must be aged 18 years or over to make a purchase from Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International).
By placing an order with Drinx.Com Ltd or any of its associated trading names you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age or over, as the law requires. If the purchase is a gift for a third party then the recipient of the gift must also be aged 18 years or over. You must notify us immediately of any known unauthorised user of your account or any other possible breach in security.
We will not sell to anyone unless you are 18 years of age or over, as the law requires. If the person receiving the order is unable to produce appropriate ID to confirm them to be older than 18 years of age or older then, unfortunately our couriers will be unable to leave the products. All associated costs to redeliver the order and consequences’ thereof shall be of the person making the order.
2.PROTECTING YOUR SECURITY:
You agree that we may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud checks and to confirm you are of legal age if purchasing alcohol. Personal Information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information.
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. Be assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, and that your credit rating will be unaffected.
Our payment provider uses state of the art security tools and techniques, both proprietary and unique, to ensure that you are protected against security risks. Our payment provider collects your payment information via their platform which is totally industry-standard secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the full 256 bit encryption of your card details.
Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) is fully PCI DSS Compliant (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards)
Drinx.Com Ltd and all of its’ associated trading names complies with all conditions of The Data Protection Act 1998 and as from May 25th 2018 The General data Protection Regulation, or “GDPR” and all information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with this Act.
3.PRICES & PRODUCTS:
Prices do not include delivery charge costs. These will be detailed at the time of order and may vary according to the level of service required.
International delivery prices will be calculated automatically when at the check-out after the appropriate service has been selected.
We reserve the right to charge extra for an unusual delivery requirement or different locations
All online prices are inclusive of VAT unless otherwise stated. If not then VAT will be added at point of invoice at the current rate. Price is based on your accounts individual minimum order, ordering quantities.
The prices payable for the products that you order are clearly set out on the website. If , by mistake , we have under-priced an item, we will not be liable to supply that item at the stated price, provided that we notify you before we despatch the item concerned. No claims of any type or reductions after despatch will be entered into.
Any price or price list provided to you is for information and guidance purposes only and may contain discrepancies. It does not represent an offer to sell at the stated price and the prices are not legally binding to us.
All prices and price lists in relation to your account are strictly confidential and must not be disclosed to any third parties. Quotations given for orders are valid for 7 days from the date of the quotation and are non-transferrable. Prices are subject to change without prior notice and change and will be reviewed at least once per year.
Prices listed on the website are subject to change without prior notification. Price comparisons may reference Google Shopping. Products are subject to availability and while stocks last. Images are representative only. Errors and omissions excluded, either on our site or on third party search results of items on our site.
4.ORDERS: (The Contract Between us)
Your orders are an offer to purchase goods from us, we will confirm receipt of your order by sending you an email summarising the details of your order (“Order Confirmation Email”) or otherwise confirming your order back to you: this is the point at which we accept your order and the contract is formed (subject to these general Terms & Conditions). The contract is completed when the goods are delivered (also subject to these General terms & Conditions).
Orders shall be made online, by telephone or by email. When we receive an order we have the right to assume the order is correct and accurate, no confirmation of order is either requested, necessary or waited on.
When you have completed your order you will be sent an e-mail confirming your order. It will state what the products/services are, the cost, delivery and invoice details. If your order has been unsuccessful you will be made aware of the reason why and any possible explanations. Each party shall be responsible for any errors in its messaging or ordering.
Special order items may be returned to us subject to prior written approval. A 20% restocking charge will be deducted from the refund value of the goods collected. All items must be in their original packing.
4.1 products are not sold on a sale or return or exchange basis. We are unable to guarantee any minimum best before dates unless arranged prior to dispatch. If ordering for a specific date of consumption please call and check first. Products may only be returned upon the suppliers’ written approval, in their original packaging and condition, within date with carriage paid. Any alternate pricing including written quotations will be valid for 7 working days from the date given. Any perishable items or foodstuffs are excluded from return.
5.ORDER CANCELLATION:
We are able to cancel your order whilst this is within an order processing status, however once the order status has changed to Order at Depot and/or Completed and Despatched and/or once despatched to the courier, orders cannot be recalled or stopped by cancellation. If the order is delivered and the items are still unwanted, and you still wish to cancel your order you may do this within your rights of the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013. You are obliged to retain possession of the goods and take reasonable care of them and ensure you inform us by email to sales@giftsinternational.net with your name, address, email address and telephone number and details of the order you wish to cancel within 14 days of receiving the goods or services. Our usual order cancellation returns and refund policy does not apply for bespoke 'made to order' goods or perishable goods which cannot be returned unless faulty.
Please ensure you return the goods to us within 14 days of the cancellation (at your cost) and we strongly recommend using insured couriers or postage to the value of the goods as no refunds will be issued on goods that arrive damaged) and we will reimburse to you the amount in relation to the goods only to which the cancellation rights apply this excludes the initial cost of delivery as we cannot refund courier or postage charges already incurred if goods have already been despatched and the order was not cancelled in time at the order processing stage.
We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any goods supplied, if the loss is either as a result of unnecessary handling by you, signs of damage or tampering or damage caused during transit of the goods back to us any of which may render the goods unsaleable. We will make the reimbursement no later than 14 days after the day we receive back from you any goods supplied. Orders that are bespoke or that have been bought by special order request, may not be subject to normal order cancellation terms.
6.AVAILABILITY:
If for any reason beyond our control, we are unable to supply a particular product, we will notify you as soon as possible. Goods are available on a first come, first served basis and we are not liable if we are unable to supply a particular product. You may select an alternative gift of the same equivalent value or you will receive a full refund should you decide to cancel your order.
6a. Gift Box Availability:
Please note, every endeavour shall be made to supply bottle items, where applicable, with gift boxes. During periods of high demand( ie; Christmas) , some items may not be immediately available with a gift box, so please call us to check if your order will be available with a gift box should this be essential. Should gift boxed stock not be available “plain gift boxed” bottles will be dispatched in order to avoid any delay to your delivery.
6b. Product Changes:
Suppliers may change bottle type, size, colour and labelling at any point with no prior notice. Whilst we endeavour to ensure all images are correct and up to date on the website we cannot guarantee the bottle type, size, colour and labelling when a product undergoes a change or changes.
6c. Vintages:
We endeavour to keep our website up to date with regards to the current vintages we hold in stock however Suppliers do change these regularly especially during periods of high demand (ie: Christmas) so we reserve the right to provide alternative years/vintages where appropriate. Our Sales Team would normally call you to advise you of such a change and to check if acceptable however if we are unable to contact you personally through the details provided we will ship the current vintage available if orders are time/event sensitive. If the Vintage year is crucial to your requirements please call our Sales Team to check availability.
6d. Substitution Items:
Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) may substitute an item of equal or greater value than the original listed, or issue a refund for the product. This applies to items within Hampers, Gift Boxes and mixed orders. Where we have substituted an item, you may elect to receive a refund rather than accepting the substitute item by contacting Customer Services (01325 313914).We will make any refunds made under these general terms & Conditions within 14 days of us receiving the item back from you.
6e. Gift Cards:
Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) supply a Gift card with each gift, these are Free of Charge and as such we accept no responsibility or liability for any errors when submitting your orders to us, any typing or graphical, Logo or uploaded photographic errors made are deemed as minimal errors and since this service is free of charge we will not be held liable for any direct, indirect , consequential loss or “special damages” (all four of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and similar loss), costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly or indirectly by any Gift card errors
7.SPECIAL OFFERS:
Any special offers are made available only whilst stocks last on a first come first serve basis and may be withdrawn at any time, without notice. Offers and or pricing on the website www.giftsinternational.net any information posted on 3rd party sites, social media channels or marketing channels; the website information and pricing will therefore not be amended to reflect any such differences or errors in such information nor will Drinx.Com Ltd or any of its’ associated trading names be liable for such price or offer differences.
8.PAYMENT TERMS:
You can pay for Products purchased from Drinx.com Ltd (Gifts International) by using any of the following debit cards: Visa, Master-card, Master-card Debit, Visa Delta, Visa Debit, Visa Electron and Maestro/Switch, Solo, American Express.
You must give us authority for payment at the time of order and all card holders will be subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer.
We will not deliver any Products prior to these checks and authorisations being completed. If your card issuer refuses to authorise payment to us, we cannot accept your order, and will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery.
Payments may be made by way of a PayPal or Bank Transfer (BACS) which is the preferred option for corporate and / or third party delivery orders. Attempts to purchase which are returned as having failed payment service provider fraud reviews may result in details of delivery and IP address details being given to the Online fraud office of the Police.
8a. Credit Accounts
The supplier, at its sole discretion, may establish a credit account for the customer once a completed and signed account application form has been submitted, The supplier shall be entitled to refuse or at any time withdraw a credit account without giving reason.
In accepting the offer of credit the customer agrees that the supplier may make periodic searches with credit reference agencies to manage the customer account, to take decisions regarding credit, including whether to make available or to continue or to extend existing credit. The supplier shall not disclose any information obtained during these searches to any third party without consent.
Payment for the credit account will be made strictly 30 days from date of invoice. Payment will be made in pounds sterling.
If payment is not made when the when due then the supplier may, without prejudice to its other rights, charge interest at an annual rate of 35% above the base rate of Barclays bank plc. This is to be calculated on a day to day basis on the balance outstanding until payment is made in full.
Trade account and special order items may be returned to us subject to prior written approval. A 20% restocking charge will be deducted from the refund value of the goods collected. All items must be in their original packing.
The customer shall not purport to set off or withhold any payments claimed or due to the supplier under this or any other contract.
Any discounts from the list price given on the basis that payment is to be made on or before said date may be removed upon late payment, on both invoices due and any other invoice. The customer will be re-invoiced at the full list price in its then current price list.
The supplier will charge £25 for any unpaid cheque, returned direct debit or cheque marked "please represent", this will also be charged weekly for account maintenance on any overdue account. This will continue until the account is brought up to date.
Any breach of contract by entering into a credit agreement the full amount outstanding shall become immediately payable to the supplier.
The customer shall indemnify the supplier fully against all fees, costs and expenses incurred in maintaining overdue credit and in seeking to recover sums payable or in repossessing products belonging to the supplier.
8b. PayPal Payments
your consignment may be cancelled or shipment delayed if the shipping is to an unconfirmed address. Please ensure your account is confirmed to avoid this.
9.DELIVERY:
Drinx.com Ltd (Gifts International) UK delivery services are provided by external delivery providers / couriers who specialise in providing a UK-wide or World-wide delivery network. Delivery of Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) products may be made to addresses in the UK and Internationally. Orders to the Scottish Lowlands/Highland/Isles and the Isle of Man, Isle of Wight, Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland or the Channel Islands may attract an additional surcharge.
Our third party Couriers will endeavour to deliver or arrange delivery without undue delay of the goods in the quantities ordered to the address requested when specified.
We shall not be liable for any delay to deliveries of orders awaiting notification from customers due to issues with their order, late delivery, non-delivery or variation in quantities delivered and in particular shall be entitled to adjust quantities delivered to you where insufficient stock is available to complete or order.
We will not be liable for any direct, indirect , consequential loss or “special damages” (all four of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and similar loss), costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly or indirectly by any delay in the delivery of the Goods.
If circumstances occur which do not allow the delivery to occur within the delivery service requested due only to the fault / delay of the courier, ie a  “later than timed delivery-pre 12”, we will refund the cost of the original carriage incurred. The delivery time will be verified on the Courier tracking system. (Notices on the Seasonal Delivery Alerts page warning of variations in delivery patterns / possible delays due to seasonal peaks are not included in this offer to refund.)
We are not able to provide blanket refunds for the whole amount of the delivery charge as a delivery service will have still been provided. (Please note; A recipient not being available at the delivery address to receive the item is not deemed a 'mis-delivery'.)
Delivery charges made will be relevant to the delivery service required. If you specify a Saturday delivery then the Saturday delivery option and charge must also be selected. We reserve the right to change the service selected.
Delivery times may be affected if there are stock availability problems or other unforeseen circumstances. No deliveries times are guaranteed due to external factors beyond our control and no refunds or compensation will be issued on the basis of late deliveries.
For your security, the courier's paperwork must be signed at the recipients address. We do not ship to PO Boxes within the UK or for international deliveries. Couriers are not able to redirect to forwarding addresses if these are put in place.
Gift orders including Flowers and certain Food Hampers may be left SAFE due to their perishable nature, please contact us at sales@giftsinternational.net or call our Sales Team on 01325 313914 for further details.
Where specific courier instructions are given e.g. leave in porch, round the back etc, we will not be held responsible or liable for goods not being received where our couriers or other couriers have a POD (proof of delivery), or inform us that the 'goods were left as instructed'. You are therefore obliged to ensure that any specific courier instructions given are correct, and that the information provided ensures a safe and accurate delivery. With any 'signature optional' or 'leave safe' delivery your rights to claim damage, missing items and non-delivery are waived.
If the courier attempts delivery at the delivery address as specified in the order but is unable to deliver the item to the specified address, the courier will retain the item/s. A calling card will be left where possible with a Customer Services telephone number for you to call in order to arrange re-delivery. Please note that the courier company can only arrange a specific re-delivery date, and cannot arrange a specific re-delivery time.
Please make sure you are available to take delivery of your order at the delivery address as your goods are sent on a “signed for” service. If you are not available at the address to receive the delivery, a Courier Card may be left card directing you to your nearest Courier Depot where you may collect your goods. Please note after a period set by the courier (usually 5 days) non-collection of the goods will result in the items being returned to Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International).
Risk, loss or damage in the goods/products shall pass to the customer on delivery. Ownership of the goods/products remains with us until such time as payment has been received in full by us.
Amendments to delivery address details once your order has been processed by us and received by the Courier may not be possible. Any amendments to delivery address may be attempted by the Customer direct with the Courier but is not guaranteed due to security of goods measures and may incur an additional charge due to redirection of goods.
International orders  that are shipped through the means of Road (standard service) or Air Freight (DHL Express) European deliveries take on average 3-5 working days (Express 1-2 working days-excluding weekends), Worldwide on average 4-8 days (Express 2-4 working days-excluding weekends) but some shipments can take up to 2 weeks and possibly longer depending on their end destination especially if Customs Clearance procedures are in place in the destination Country. We are therefore unable to guarantee a specific arrival/delivery date for our European or Worldwide deliveries.
We will not be liable for any direct, indirect , consequential loss or “special damages” (all four of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business depletion of goodwill and similar loss), costs, damages, charges or expenses caused directly or indirectly by any delay in the delivery of the Goods.
All Gifts sent through our International delivery services are insured for loss or damage in transit, unfortunately though carriage costs are not, so for whatever reason the goods are not accepted by the recipient, not collected when/where required or returned to sender then these costs are entirely at your own risk. We are not responsible for the reliability or otherwise of the overseas courier services or for flight delays or missed connections.
All Worldwide(outside of the EU) countries have a certain personal gift allowance where gifts under or to a certain value are allowed in tax free, we would suggest that you investigate on the internet what these allowances may be prior to placing your order as these vary widely depending on which worldwide country (EU countries do not incur import duties or additional taxes, only those countries outside of the EU) as we are not liable for the payment of any import/export duties or taxes, if goods are impounded by the Authorities of the country to which you are sending, payment of those duties/taxes are yours’ or the recipients responsibility.
International shipments are subject to a limit per order. Orders exceeding this limit may require additional charges through the increase in parcel consignments. (ie US or Australia have a 1.5CL limit) In this instance, we will have to contact the sender if further delivery charges are required or if an order does not meet air freight regulations and not liable for any delays to your order dispatch while we do this.
For some Worldwide countries where Alcohol Laws may prohibit import or incur very high import duties we may use the services of one of our approved Third Party local providers (ie: United States, Australia, South Africa, New Zealand, Canada). We will only do this on the legal grounds to fulfil and complete the contract as per ”GDPR” article 49, “the transfer is necessary to perform, or to form, a contract to which we are a party: with you, or with a third party where the contract is in your interests”, please refer to clause 3.3 International Data Transfers in our General Data Protection Regulation “GDPR” and Article Art 6. Of “GDPR” – Lawfulness of processing, for further details please refer to our Privacy Policy page, if you have an objection with using “Third Party” suppliers or require further information please contact us at sales@giftsinternational.net or contact our Sales Team 01325 313914 who will assist accordingly.
10.DAMAGED GOODS:
Drinx.Com Limited (Gifts International) will provide a replacement, credit or full refund if a breakage occurs during transit or for products that are faulty. We must be notified of damaged or faulty products within 3 working days of receipt. We may require the faulty products to be returned to us so please keep all the original packing. In order to process a refund or replacement due to damage or breakage, a photograph of the damaged goods may need to be provided.
If any replacements are required to be sent, this will be sent using a courier service by Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) at our cost. Should these be returned to us by the couriers following delivery attempts and or a card being left, any further redelivery costs will not be met by Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International).
Damage to Gift Boxes: Where there is an upcharge for a gift boxed item over a standard bottle and a gift box is damaged, we will refund the difference paid. If there is no price difference or a gift box is standard then no refund can be applied. Items are sold for the bottle and contents but where we consider the gift box to be intrinsic to the product then a replacement may be sent. Boxes for the large format bottles, whilst attractive, are considered to be protective in nature and therefore any damage to these in transit is not eligible for replacement or refund.
We reserve the right to refund and not to replace damaged or incorrect items at our discretion. This includes refunding for part sets. Promotional products that are added/included at no extra charge cannot be refunded if damaged or replaced without a subsequent postage charge being applied, and are subject to availability.
On international orders, any breakages or damages of parts thereof will be refunded and not replaced. In the case of glassware, part refunds may be applied to sets of glasses. In order to process a refund due to damage or breakage, a photograph of the damaged goods may need to be provided and we must be notified of damaged or faulty products within 3 working days of receipt of the goods.
On the rare occasion where the products delivered are incorrect and different to those ordered, we must be informed of this within 3 working days of the receipt of the goods received in error. We will investigate the dispatch & CCTV records for your order and will arrange a collection of these goods as necessary. Items that are tampered with or consumed will not be refunded.
11.REFUNDS:
All credits or refunds for unwanted items will be issued within 14 days after the goods have been received back with us, other than the payments for delivery. Refunds for the goods received back will not be issued where there are signs of tampering or damage which in any way diminish and render the goods unsaleable.
We do not offer any sale or return facility and cancellation/returns are not accepted on any trade account or "special order" items.
12.SOCIAL MEDIA POLICY:
Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) engages in the use social media for our customers who enjoy using these channels. Should you wish to contact the company regarding any orders or any product enquiries or require contact with our customer services team please contact us either via telephone (01325 313914) or email sales@giftsinternational.net  as there may be delays on any enquiries posted on social media as these are used primarily as marketing information channels. Please note Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) social media is monitored. Any comments or posts should be within the recommended guidelines of that social media channel and UK Law. Any comments or posts that are inappropriate, slanderous or abusive, either directed at other customers, other social media users, Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) and/or its staff or agents thereof or not, will be recorded and may result in legal proceedings.
13.CANCELLATION OF SERVICES:
We reserve the right to terminate Customers using our services at any time for whatever we consider misappropriate or improper use of or not abiding by these terms and conditions; and or abusive verbal or written communication with any member of the Customer Services Team. You will be informed of such termination in writing. Our customer services operate and interact on a first name basis only and last names will not be divulged for personal privacy and security.
14.COMPLAINTS PROCEDURE:
If you wish to make a complaint please send the full details of your complaint with any relevant documentation to sales@giftsinternational.net. Gifts International is a trading name of Drinx.Com Ltd. This is a company is a company incorporated in Scotland whose registered office is at: Summit House, 4-5 Mitchell Street, Edinburgh, EH6 7BD. Company Registration No is: SC203859.
15.GOVERNING LAW:
Your use of this website www.giftsinternational.net and any purchases by you on this website will be governed by English law and will be deemed to have occurred in the United Kingdom. All Legal and Contractual matters, disputes, interpretations or otherwise, are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction Laws and Courts of England.
16.PRIVACY POLICY:
We at Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) are fully committed to protecting your Privacy data and Data Security, Please refer to our Privacy Policy page for further details.  Privacy Policy
17.TITLE OF GOODS:
Property and Title of Goods shall remain with Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) and shall not pass to the buyer/customer until such time as Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) has received payment in full of all sums due on whatsoever account.
18.ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY:
Here at Drinx.Com Ltd (Gifts International) we very much care about our environment and we are constantly looking and re-evaluating our operational processes to refine and minimise our waste. What waste we do produce we spate into distinct streams for easy re-cycling and reprocessing. We compact all of our waste paper and cardboard to minimise transportation prior to being recycled. Our Gift Cards, boxes, Business cards, Leaflets and folders are all made from wood pulp which is Elemental Chlorine Free (ECF). All pulp used is sourced from sustainable forests where trees are farmed as crops – just like wheat. Support All the Team at Tree Appeal at www.treeappeal.com.
19.PLASTICS POLICY:
Drinx.Com Limited (Gifts International) is fully committed to protecting the environment and supporting the circular economy. We recognise that waste plastics pose a global threat to the marine environment and to our regions generally. Within the context of our Environment Policy we commit to minimising our use of plastics, to reducing the environmental impact of waste plastics and to beating the national target of eliminating avoidable plastic waste before the end of 2020.
The Executive Leadership Team is responsible for this policy. All employees share responsibility for its delivery.
Policy
- Measure and audit our use of single-use plastics and set targets for reduction
- Develop an assessment of the environmental impact of plastics we buy and use to inform the purchase of goods and services
- Where the use of plastics is unavoidable, we will use recycled plastics where practicable
- Where possible, aim to buy only those plastic products that can be easily reused or recycled
- Seek and encourage innovative recycling opportunities for the plastic waste we and our supply chain partners produce in our buildings, cafés and daily operations
- Work with our supply chain to develop capability and capacity for recycling plastic waste
- Maintain housekeeping standards at our site to prevent the escape of plastic litter
- Work with employees, customers and suppliers to encourage them to take practical steps to reduce the use of plastic and the production of plastic waste
- Support and encourage employee and community initiatives to remove plastic waste and litter from the environment
- Work in partnership with research bodies, universities, suppliers, and other stakeholders to meet these policy objectives
20.CONTACT DETAILS:
Drinx.Com Ltd, Head Office: Unit 8 Hurworth Road, Aycliffe Business Park, Newton Aycliffe,
Co Durham, DL5 6UD
E-mail: sales@giftsinternational.net
Telephone: 01325 313914
Featured Products
View Now £49.502 Royal Scot Crystal Barrel Tumblers - Highland - Presentation Boxed
View Now £42.98Lanson Black lable Brut Blue Champagne Wimbledon Jacket 75cl
View Now £623.76Bollinger Rose 75cl (12x75cl) Case
View Now £99.98Chateauneuf-du-Pape Collection Bio M.Chapoutier, With Royal Scot Wine Glasses