https://www.dilmahtea.com/cookie-policy.html
Cookie Policy
Home/Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC ("Dilmah") uses and protects any information that you give Dilmah when you use this website (https://www.dilmahtea.com). At Dilmah, we want you to have an enjoyable experience. And while it is necessary for us to collect certain personal information, we respect and committed to ensuring that your right to privacy is protected as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other web sites to which we link.
Note:
Dilmah may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes
By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy
By mere use of the Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use
What We Collect
We collect personal information when you contact us via site and newsletter subscription, when you choose to use these features, we require you to provide personal informations.
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including addresses, email address and phone number
Other information relevant to customer preferences and/or offers
In addition, through the Site, we automatically gather certain information about the use of the Site, such as how frequently certain areas of the Site are visited, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies. Most browsers can be set to prevent cookies or to notify you when one is being placed. However, some cookies are necessary to access the Site.
What We Do with the Information We Gather
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries we control that either are subject to this or follow practices at least as protective as those described.
We use personally identifiable information in order to give you a more convenient experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the Site and its features. In addition, we may notify you about new services or special promotional programs, or send you offers or information.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
We reserve the right to disclose information in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, administrative or governmental order, or any other requirement of law, or when we, in our sole discretion, believe it is necessary in order to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, to match EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) based on your consent, you will have an opportunity to choose to share or not to share some of the information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we follow reasonable physical, electronic technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
The Site encrypts your personal informations using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Site Visitation Tracking
Like most websites, this site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. We use this data to determine the number of people using our site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to us. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you but Google do not grant us access to this.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop GA from tracking any part of your visit to pages within this website.
OPT-OUT:
In order to provide website visitors with more choice on how data is collected by Google Analytics, Google has developed the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. The add-on communicates with the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js) to stop data being sent to Google Analytics. The Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on does not affect usage of the website in any other way. A link to further information on the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on is provided below for your convenience.
Google Analytics opt-out
For more information on the usage of cookies by Google Analytics please see the Google website. A link to the privacy advice for this product is provided below for your convenience.
Google Analytics Privacy Policy
Re-Targeting
Our websites make use of so-called re-targeting technologies. We use these technologies to make the Internet offer more interesting for you. This technique allows Internet users who have already shown an interest in our shop and our products to also be provided with suitable advertising on the websites of our partners. We are convinced that the use of personalized, interest-oriented advertising is generally more interesting for the Internet users than advertising that has no such personal content. The use of this advertising approach by our partners is undertaken on the basis of a cookie technology and an analysis of previous utilization behavior and this technology we use does not save any personal data. The use of retargeting technology is carried out in compliance with the applicable legal provisions on data protection. If you oppose the targeted advertising display, you can disable this feature. Since different retargeting systems are used on this website, please use the following link to this effect:
Opt out for Google
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies perform important functions on our website. Without them we cannot provide you with basic features and normal website behavior which you will expect from us. For this reason, you cannot disable these cookies.
Functional Cookies These cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may also be used to provide services or functionality you indicate you are interested in through interactions with our website. These cookies are only used to provide an improved browsing experience and we do not pass information about the choices you make to any third party or other organization.
Performance Cookies These cookies collect general information about how visitors use our website to help us improve our website for everyone. For instance, we track which pages visitors go to most often and if they get error messages or broken links. These cookies do not collect personal information that identifies a visitor. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you wish to disable any cookie listed above for which we have not provided a specific means of disabling you can do so in your browser settings. Please note: By disabling cookies in your browser, you may render some of the functionality on our website (and other websites you visit) unusable and we make no guarantees as to the performance of our website when cookies are disabled.
How to Control Cookies
You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see www.aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.
Dilmah Mobile Apps Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC (“Dilmah”) uses and protects any information that you give Dilmah when you use this App (the "App"). At Dilmah, we want you to have an enjoyable experience. And while it is necessary for us to collect certain personal information, we respect and committed to ensuring that your right to privacy is protected as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to the App. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites or Apps to which we link.
Note:
Dilmah may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
By visiting this Mobile App you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
By mere use of the Mobile App, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.
What We Collect
We collect personal information when you contact us via App, when you choose to use these features, we require you to provide personal informations.
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including addresses, email address and phone number
Other information relevant to customer preferences and/or offers
In addition, through the App, we automatically gather certain information about the use of the App, such as how frequently certain areas of the App are visited, including through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies. Most browsers can be set to prevent cookies or to notify you when one is being placed. However, some cookies are necessary to access the App.
What We Do With The Information We Gather
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries we control that either are subject to this or follow practices at least as protective as those described.
We use personally identifiable information in order to give you a more convenient experience and to help us identify and/or provide information, products or services that may be of interest to you. We use your personally identifiable information to support and enhance your use of the App and its features. In addition, we may notify you about new services or special promotional programs, or send you offers or information.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).
We reserve the right to disclose information in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, administrative or governmental order, or any other requirement of law, or when we, in our sole discretion, believe it is necessary in order to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk reduction.
Other than as set out above, to match EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) based on your consent, you will have an opportunity to choose to share or not to share some of the information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we follow reasonable physical, electronic technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
The App encrypts your personal informations using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. In addition, only those employees and third parties who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
Links To Other Mobile Apps and Websites
Our Mobile App may contain links to other Mobile Apps and websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our App, you should note that we do not have any control over that other Mobile App. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such Apps and such Apps are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the Mobile App in question.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your device hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular App. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web/mobile application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about page traffic and improve our Mobile App in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Mobile App, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your device or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Mobile App.
Copyright ©
2017 Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC. All rights reserved.
Website Design, Development & Hosting by eBEYONDS
Your Consent to our Privacy and Cookie Policy
We use cookies that help to increase the performance of our website to serve you better, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Click ACCEPT to give your consent to accept our cookies and start browsing the site or click to see detailed descriptions of Privacy Policy.
Accept