http://www.ccrane.com/help/#rates
Home
Help
Help
Below you'll find an index of common questions regarding our Website and services. If you have any questions about how to use our Website, you might find your answer in the following paragraphs.
If you run into any problems with our website that aren't addressed below, please Contact Us.
Security & Safety
Web Browser Compatibility
Navigating The C. Crane Website
Placing an Order
Using Your Online Account
Create Account
Sign In
Forgot Password
How to retrieve and update a forgotten password (Video)
Update Account Info
Update Account's Email Address or Password
Address Book
Create a new Address Book entry
Edit an Address Book entry
Delete an Address Book entry
Order History & Status
Track Your Package
Wish List
Add Items to your Wish List
Change the quantity of an item on your Wish List
Purchase items from your Wish List
Remove items from your Wish List
Pay Methods
Calculating Sales Tax
Calculating Ship Rates
U.S. Shipping
Standard Shipping
Ground Shipping
Express Shipping
U.S. Military Shipping
Canadian Shipping
International Shipping
Satisfaction Guarantee
Warranties
Repair Service
Gift Services
Product Support
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
C. Crane Website Security & Safety
The C. Crane Web Site uses the latest encryption technology to secure your private information. At the bottom of every page you will see an EnTrust Secured logo which tells you that this web site is secured.
C. Crane Company Inc. is also enrolled in Trustwave's Trusted Commerce™ program to validate compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) mandated by all major credit card associations. At the bottom of every page you will see the Trustwave Trusted Commerce logo which tells you that this web site is secured.
In addition, when your personal information is collected on our web site you will notice that you are at a secured section of our web site by noticing the green address bar on your web browser.
Back to Top
Web Browser Compatibility
The C. Crane Web Site has been tested on the top 5 web browsers available to the public.
Back to Top
Privacy Policy
We treat your information as we would want our private information treated. We do not release any information about you to anyone without your permission.
If you like our offerings and our commitment to customer service, please request to be on our exclusive:
Catalog Mail List
E-mail Subscribe List
Note: The only way to get on our mail lists is for you to ask, or if we make an error. Thank you for your support.
Cookies: Our shopping system uses a session cookie. This cookie assigns a random unique ID to you to make sure the items you want to buy are put in your shopping basket and not somewhere else. This cookie is never saved to your hard drive, but is held in your browser's memory for the duration of your shopping session, 60 minutes of inactivity or until the browser is closed, whichever comes first. It travels with you while you are on our website so we can track your basket throughout our site. Our cookies do not contain any personal information about you. No information about you or your computer system is released outside of C. Crane.
Security: Our online ordering system uses a secure system. We use VeriSign. Any information you submit to us, while using our secure server, is encrypted so it cannot be accessed by unauthorized people. Please keep in mind that no data sent over the Internet can be 100% secure.
Links: We have several links to other web sites. Although we do like these sites, we cannot be responsible for any information on them. If you submit personal information on one of these sites, we cannot be responsible for their privacy policy.
Back to Top
Navigating The C. Crane Website
The C. Crane Website is divided into five main categories:
AM FM Radios
Antennas
WiFi & Internet
Audio
Emergency Supplies
Any of these categories can be accessed from any page by clicking the tab on the category bar located at the top of every page.
When you click on any of the eight main category tabs at the top of the page, a landing page will open with a list of sub-categories. You can then click on the subcategories, such as Shortwave Radios under the AM FM Radios tab, to see individual products within that category.
You can also find what you're looking for on our website by using the search tool located toward the top of each page. Just type in the item you're looking for, such as "Earbuds", or the product code such as "CC2BE", and then click on GO. A list will come up that includes all instances of the item you entered in the search box.
Back to Top
Placing an Order
Order Online
Once you've found what you're looking for on our website, placing an order online is quick and easy. Just Enter the quantity you would like in the box above the "Add to Cart" button. The default quantity is set to "1", but you can change that quantity simply by clicking on the up or down arrow buttons to increase or decrease the quantity desired. Once you have the right quantity, click on the "Add to Cart" button and the item(s) will be added to your shopping cart.
You can click the "Proceed to Checkout" out button or continue navigating the site by clicking the "Continue Shopping" button, clicking any link or going to the search.
When you are finished shopping, you can return to your Shopping Cart by clicking on the cart icon at the top of the screen.
Double check the items in your cart for accuracy and quantity, and then click the "Proceed to Checkout" button. Continue through the checkout process by following the instructions on each step. We use a secure connection that encodes and protects your payment information when ordering on our site.
Order by Phone
If you prefer to place your order by phone, C. Crane is now open 24/7 all year. To place your order, call 1-800-522-8863. When you call, please have the item number or item name on hand so we can process your order more efficiently.
Order by Fax
A copy of our order form can be found toward the middle section of our current catalog. If you don't have a copy of our FREE Catalog, you can download an online version of our Order Form. Fill out the order form, then mail (see our contact address below) or fax it to us any time. Note: A signature is required for faxed credit card orders. Please send all faxes to(707) 725-9060.
Order by Mail
If you have a copy of our Current Catalog, you will find a copy of our order form toward the middle section of the book. If you no longer have the order form in your catalog, or don't have a copy of the print catalog, you can download an online version of our Order Form. The Order Form is a PDF file that you can open and print using a free program calledAdobe Reader. Fill out the order form, and then mail your order to the following address:
Mail Completed Order Forms To:C. Crane Company, Inc.172 Main StreetFortuna, CA 95540-1816
Back to Top
Using Your Online Account
There are several benefits to setting up an Online Account with C. Crane. With an online account, you will be able to add items to your wish list for future purchase, save your shipping information for faster checkout, and add names to your address book for easy holiday shopping.
Create your online account
You can set up your online account from any page on the website just by
Clicking on the "My Account" icon in upper right-hand corner at the top of any page on the site.
If you do not have an accouont, click on the link"Don't have an account? Create One".
Enter a valid email address
Enter a password
Confirm your password by re-entering it
Enter your First Name
Enter your Last Name
Check or uncheck the box for whether you would like to receive sales and specials emails. *If you are already on the list your email address will not be duplicated
Click the Register Now button
Log In
Once you have set up your account, you can access your account at any time by
Clicking on the "My Account" icon in upper right-hand corner at the top of any page on the site
Enter your email address
Enter your password
Click the Sign In button
Forgot Password
If you ever forget your password
Click the Forgot Your Password? link from the Sign In page
Enter the email address for your customer account
Click the Get Password button to email you your password
Update Account Info
In order to change your account name, email address or password, you will have to Log In to your account.
Update your Account Password
To change your account's password, you must:
Log In to your account
Click on "PASSWORD"
Enter your current password in the Current Password field
Enter the new password in the New Password field
Re-enter your password in the Confirm Password field
Click the Save button to update your password
Address Book
Create an Address Book for your convenience
Log In to your account
Click on "Address Book".
From the address book page, you will need to create your first entry then you can easily save, edit, or delete addresses in your address book.
Add a new Address Book entry
Fill out the required information on the form
Click the SAVE button
Edit an Address Book entry
Select an address from the Edit Address Book dropdown.
Make the necessary changes.
Click the SAVE button
Delete an Address Book entry
Click the "REMOVE" button below the corresponding address to delete an address. Note: The first address added cannot be deleted.
Order History and Status
To review your orders and check the status, click on "My Account"
Click on the "ORDER HISTORY" link.
The list of orders, and order date, the Order Total and the status of the order will display. Click on VIEW to see the details of that particular order.
Track Your Package
We have a convenient package tracking portal, which can be found here.
Add items to your Wish List
While shopping on our website, you can save items to your wish list to purchase at a later time.
Click the "Add To Wishlist" button located on the product page.
If you have not done so already, you will be asked to "Sign In" or "Create an Account".
The selected item will display in your WISHLIST, under My Account.
Purchase items from your Wish List
Select the product(s) you would like to purchase and click on "Move Checked Items to Cart" and the product(s) will be moved to your shopping cart for purchase. Unselected products will remain on your wish list.
Log In to your account
Click the WISHLIST link.
Click the "Move Checked Items to Cart" button for each item you would like to move to your shopping cart.
Remove products from your Wish List
Log In to your account
Click the WISHLIST link.
Click on the "X" under "Remove" next to each product(s) you would like to remove from your wish list.
Back to Top
Pay Methods
Credit Card: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express
Personal Check: (Personal checks over $250 will be held up to two weeks for bank approval. There is a $25 service charge on all returned checks.)
Cashier's Check or Money Order:
We are sorry but we do not ship C.O.D. - Collect on Delivery.
Back to Top
Calculating Sales Tax
8.50% sales tax will only be added to orders shipping to California.
Back to Top
Calculating Ship Rates
U.S. Shipping
Order Value
Order value is the total of merchandise purchased after any promotional or other discounts are subtracted, excludes gift box, shipping and tax.
Standard No-Rush Shipping to the 48 U.S. Contiguous States
(Please Provide an Address that Accepts Postal Deliveries)
Order AmountShipping Charge
$0.01 - $25.99
$5.99
$26.00 - $49.99
$9.99
$50.00 - $74.99
$13.99
$75.00 - $149.99
$16.99
$150.00 - $248.99
$18.99
$249.00 & Up
FREE
Express Shipping
Continental U.S. Rates (Calculated at Checkout)
USPS Priority Mail
FedEx Priority Overnight
UPS Next Day Air
FedEx Standard Overnight
UPS 2nd Day Air
FedEx 2Day
UPS 3 Day Select
FedEx 3Day Express Saver
FedEx 2Day
FedEx Ground
U.S. Military Shipping
We do ship to APO/FPO military addresses. All APO/FPO packages ship via USPS Priority Mail, using domestic rates. Rates are calculated at checkout.
For more information on how military shipments to APOs and FPOs work, http://www.shipitapo.com/info/apo_fpo_guide.php.
Canadian and International Shipping
We do ship to most international addresses. Available shipping methods vary based on the weight of the items and the destination. The best way to calculate international shipping is to add the desired items to your cart and using the estimate shipping tool by selecting the correct country from the Shipping to Drop Down (if shipping to Canada the Postal Code will be required). The available ship methods and pricing will be displayed. These prices do not include duties or taxes. An alternative option is to check our Amazon storefronts to see if the item(s) you are interested are available there – due to the sheer size of Amazon, they can often offer less expensive and faster shipping options to international destinations. Amazon US or Amazon Canada.
Some exceptions may apply to the prices listed. Shipping charges are non-refundable.
Back to Top
Calculating Delivery Times
Online orders generally ship within 48 hours. Orders placed Saturday or Sunday are shipped the following Monday. We will contact you if there will be a delay.
Please note these delivery time frames are not guaranteed. If you need your package to arrive by a specific date, please call.
Standard "No Rush" Shipping (Contiguous 48 States)
Our Standard Shipping combines the efficiency of UPS with the convenience of USPS. UPS picks up your package at our distribution center and delivers it to your local post office for final delivery to your mailbox or door by USPS. (To ensure most efficient delivery, your final carrier may vary. Please provide an address that accepts US mail.)
Estimated delivery time frames:
California
3-5 days
Western US
AZ, ID, NV, OR, UT, WA
5-7 days
Mountain/Midwest
AL, AR, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MI, MO, MN, MS, MT, NE, NM, ND, OH, OK, SD, WI, WY
8-10 days
Eastern US
CT, DE, FL, GA, MA, MD, ME, NC, NH, NJ, NY, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WV
10-12 days
Ground Options
If you prefer a specific carrier and faster ground delivery times, select FedEx Ground or UPS Ground:
FedEx® Ground Transit Times
UPS Ground Transit Times
USPS Priority Mail
5-7 days anywhere in the United States. USPS does not deliver on Sundays. This is the best service for Alaska, Hawaii and Virgin Islands.
Express Shipping Options
3 Day
UPS/FedEx
3 Business days via UPS or FedEx (plus 1-2 business days for processing; Monday through Friday delivery)
Phone number and signature required for all FedEx Air deliveries.
2 Day
UPS/FedEx
2 Business days via UPS or FedEx (plus 1-2 business days for processing; Monday through Friday delivery)
Phone number and signature required for all FedEx Air deliveries.
Next Day
UPS/FedEx
1 business day via UPS or FedEx (plus 1-2 business days for processing; Monday through Friday delivery)
FedEx Standard Overnight (Afternoon Deliveries)
FedEx Priority Overnight (Morning Delivery where available)
Phone number and signature required for all FedEx Air deliveries.
Canadian and International Shipping
USPS First Class International (10 - 14 business days*)
Limitation of 4lbs and $400 value maximum.
Not always trackable to final destination
USPS International Priority (6 - 10 business days*) - Most economical
USPS International Express (5 - 7 business days*)
FedEx International Economy (5 - 7 business days*)
FedEx International Priority (3 - 5 business days*)
* Time frames can vary by 2 -3 days depending on destination and time spent in customs. Canadian and International shipping does not include duties, taxes or GST. If you need your package by a specific date and aren't sure which ship method to select please call 1-800-522-8863 Mon - Fri 8:15AM - 5:00PM PT.
U.S. Military Shipping
We do ship to APO/FPO military addresses. All APO/FPO packages ship via USPS Priority Mail, using domestic rates. Shipping time varies depending on the overseas destination. Usually packages arrive within 10 - 14 days.
For more information on how military shipments to APOs and FPOs work,click here.
Some exceptions may apply to the prices listed. Shipping charges are non-refundable.
Calculating Delivery Times
Note: Online orders generally ship within 48 hours. Orders placed Saturday or Sunday are shipped the following Monday. We will contact you if there will be a delay.
Ground Shipping To California: 2-3 days To the Western US: AZ, ID, NV, OR, UT, & WA — 3-5 days. To the Mountain/Midwest: AL, AR, CO, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MI, MO, MN, MS, MT, NE, NM, ND, OH, OK, SD, WI, WY — 6-8 days. To the Eastern US: CT, DE, FL, GA, MA, MD, ME, NC, NH, NJ, NY, PA, RI, SC, TN, TX, VA, VT, WV — 8-10 days.
USPS Priority Mail 5-7 days anywhere in the United States. USPS does not deliver on Sundays. This is the best service for Alaska, Hawaii and Virgin Islands.
UPS 2nd Day Air 2 days plus the day it ships = 3 days anywhere in the Continental United States. UPS does not deliver on Saturday or Sunday.
UPS 3 Day Select 3 days plus the day it ships = 4 days anywhere in the Continental United States. UPS does not deliver on Saturday or Sunday.
FedEx 2Day 2 days plus the day it ships = 3 days, to anywhere in the United States. No deliveries on weekends. Phone number and signature required for all FedEx Air deliveries.
FedEx Standard Overnight - (Afternoon Delivery) 1 day plus the day it ships = 2 days. No deliveries on weekends. Phone number and signature required for FedEx Air deliveries.
FedEx Priority Overnight - (Morning Delivery) 1 day plus day it ships = 2 days. No deliveries on Sunday. Saturday delivery is available in some areas for an additional charge. Please call us at 1-800-522-8863 if you need Saturday delivery. A Phone number and signature are required for FedEx Air deliveries.
Canadian Shipping US Postal Service to Canada. Generally takes 12-14 days, if there are no delays in customs. Note: Canadian shipping does not include duties or GST. Please call 1-800-522-8863 if you need faster delivery to Canada.
Back to Top
Satisfaction Guarantee & Returns
If an item proves to be unsatisfactory within 60 days of receipt, you may return it to us for refund or credit toward other products. We are sorry but original shipping charges are non-refundable.Please call 800-522-8863 for a Return Authorization number before returning an item. Returned products, original cartons and manuals must be in "as new" condition for a full product refund. A reasonable deduction will be made for any damaged or missing items. You are welcome to keep the catalog. Sorry, no refunds on custom cable and fittings or original shipping charges. Be sure to insure and pack your return carefully.
Back to Top
Warranties
All our products purchased new, from an authorized reseller come with a full manufacturer's warranty; one-year limited parts and labor unless otherwise noted. If you have a problem with one of our products, you may want us to service the warranty. Please call us at 1-800-522-8863 for a return authorization number before returning an item for repair. When we know what's coming back and what's wrong, we can process your return more efficiently. Please insure and carefully pack any item you send in for service. Click the following link to register exclusive C. Crane Company products:
Warranty Registration
*Warranty is void when purchased from unauthorized resellers or individuals.
Back to Top
Repair Service
We are only able to repair out of warranty products that are manufactured by C. Crane. Please call us to set up a repair order before sending any item to us and expect 4-6 week turn-around time, once it is received here. Most repairs are $59.95 plus $11.95 return shipping ($71.90), although charges may vary. If you are paying for the repairs with a check it must accompany the insured product that is sent to us. If you want to pay for the repair charges with a credit card number, please call us. Be sure to include updated contact information and a phone number, should we need to reach you regarding the item(s) we receive. Please remove all batteries and the power cord from the product and the packaging before sending the item in. Our repairs are warranted for one year. For repair services call us at 1-800-522-8863, Monday through Friday, 8:15am to 5:00pm.
For all other products please call the manufacturer for repair information.
I want to thank you for your service. I received my repaired radio back today and you did more than I expected. I love the CC Radios. This one is over 10 years old and still works great. I have another older version and I gave it to my son for a clock radio and it still works great. I think there is no finer radio on the market. Believe me when I tell you that if I ever need another radio, your will be the one I purchase.- Arthur J. FoxAug. 2010
Back to Top
Contact C. Crane Company, Inc.
E-mailIf you have questions please email Customer Service.
Phone Numbers
Tech and Returns Hours
Toll Free: (800) 522-8863
Mon - Fri 8:15am - 5:00pm (PST)
Phone: (707) 725-9000 for International calls
Fax: (707) 725-9060
Store Hours
Mon - Fri 9:00am - 5:00pm (PST)
Phone Order Hours
24/7 All Year
Mailing Address
C. Crane
172 Main Street
Fortuna, CA 95540-1816
Map to our store
Press Relations:If you would like press related information, please fill out our Press Relations Form or call (707) 725-0568.
Webmaster:If you experience a problem with our website, or you have other website related feedback, please contact the webmaster.
Back to Top
×
OK