https://www.glu.com/job-applicant-privacy-notice/
Glu Mobile Job Applicant Privacy Notice
Last Updated: April 13, 2020
In this Privacy Notice, we, Glu Mobile Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “Glu”), explain how we collect and use information from you in the context of online and offline job applications and hiring. This Privacy Notice applies to information we collect when you apply for a job on our website’s job application portal or if you mail in an application or that we may enter in connection with an evaluation of individuals for a potential employment opportunity. This Privacy Notice does not apply to other information we collect on our website or offline for other purposes.
This Privacy Notice is effective as of the “Last Updated” date set forth above. We may change this Privacy Notice from time to time. If we make changes, we may notify you by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Notice or by other means. We encourage you to review the Privacy Notice from time to time to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We may collect the following categories of information:
Information you may actively and voluntarily provide to us:
Contact information contained in your resume such as name, address, email address, employment and educational history, and contact information for references or prior employers.
Health information related to any disability that requires reasonable accommodations to be made throughout the interview process.
Personal information contained in your cover letter, portfolio, and other supplementary materials provided during the application process.
Citizenship status in order to verify work eligibility.
Education or credential information provided during interviews, on public social media profiles, on your resume or cover letter, or through additional information provided on the job application portal.
Personal information provided by you during interviews or screening with our hiring personnel.
Any other information you choose to provide to us.
Information you may provide automatically when you visit our job application portal and websites:
Our job application portal, website and servers automatically collect device-specific and device-related information, including when you access our job application portal, the browser used, hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and IP address.
We collect information about your use of the job application portal, including the page you visited before navigating to our job application portal. We infer your regional location from your IP address in order to address compliance with applicable laws, but do not collect your IP address.
On those portions of our job application portal that are hosted by Glu (the “Glu Portal Pages”), we use various technologies to collect information, and this includes sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our services and your experience, see which areas and features of our services are popular and count visits. We also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”) on the Glu Portal Pages. Web beacons are electronic images that are used on our website, job application portal and in our services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies used on the Glu Portal Pages, and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Notice.
Certain portions of our job application portal (collectively, the “Lever Portal Pages”) are hosted by our third party vendor Lever, Inc. (“Lever”).  Lever may use various technologies to collect information on the Lever Portal Pages, including sending cookies to your computer or mobile device or using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”).  For more information about cookies and other tracking technologies used on the Lever Portal Pages, and how to disable them, please see Lever’s cookie policy available at https://www.lever.co/cookie-policy/.
We use your information during the hiring process for various purposes including:
Determine suitability and eligibility for employment with Glu or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates.
Analyze and verify skills and experience information against Glu talent needs.
Contact you regarding times and details for screenings and interviews, updates to application status, requests for further information regarding employment history, or other data provided on your resume, cover, letter or by a third party.
Comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations.
Information from third parties
Employment history or other information provided by references or prior employers on your resume.
Criminal history information provided by third parties as a result of background checks.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We share your information with third parties such as hiring consultants, advisors, recruiting specialists, service providers for the purpose of processing your application and other authorized parties who support Glu recruitment and hiring in order to assess your suitability and eligibility for employment, make a hiring decision, and communicate with you regarding your application and hiring status.
The information we collect about you may be transferred to, and accessed from within, the United States or other countries, which may not offer the same level of data protection as your home jurisdiction.  We will take steps to maintain an adequate level of protection for this information in the jurisdictions in which we process it.  Adequate safeguards that our service providers may use include standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certifications in case of transfers to the United States.
SECURITY
Glu takes measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, including physical and environmental security, access control, internal security policies, and employee training on security and privacy.
URL LINKS
Our job application portal contains links to third party sites. Glu is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. Users should check the applicable privacy policy of such a party when providing information.
NOTE TO EEA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding our processing of your personal data.  Please see the sections below for more details.
Legal Basis for Processing
As necessary to perform our obligations under employment contracts or in preparation of concluding an employment contract, for example, to analyze your skills and work experience against the position’s role and responsibilities.
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, to communicate with you regarding your candidacy, to make hiring decisions based on your application materials, and screen your information through background check databases.
In some cases, processing will be necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, such as response to legal process requests.
Data Subject Requests
You have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that this data be corrected.  In certain cases, you may also have the right to request that we erase data we are processing or to restrict or object to certain of our processing activities.  You may also have the right to request that we provide you with the personal data you have provided us in a portable form for transmission to another controller’s service. If any information that we collect is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. If you are a resident or citizen of a European Union Member State, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority or relevant data protection supervisory authority for your country.  If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated within the Privacy Notice and below.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purposes for which we originally collected it.  We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
Special Categories of Information
If you choose to provide sensitive personal data during the course of the application, you may request us to delete this information at any time.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Privacy Notice Administrator. You may also contact our Privacy Notice Administrator by writing to:
Privacy Notice Administrator
Glu Mobile Inc.
875 Howard Street, Suite 100
San Francisco, CA 94103
NOTE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
If you are a resident of California, please also see our Supplemental California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures here https://www.glu.com/privacy/CAprivacy, which supplement the disclosures set forth in this Privacy Notice.
Please share your location to continue