http://www.hymanltd.com/privacy-policy/
HYMAN LTD. PRIVACY POLICY
Hyman Ltd. is dedicated to the appropriate, responsible, and legally compliant protection of personal information of customers, business partners, and subscribers to content provided by Hyman Ltd.
Personal information about an identifiable individual may include, but is not necessarily limited to, the following information:
Age, name, sex, marital status, address, or ethnic origin;
Purchase history, selling history, or payment information;
Opinions, evaluations, comments, social status, or disciplinary actions; and
Credit records, contractual obligations, and/or loan records (hereinafter “Personal Information”).
Hyman Ltd. collects personal information whenever an individual uses our services, including purchases, sales, website visits, written inquiries, telephone inquiries, email inquiries, payment, and other possible interactions with Hyman Ltd. Hyman Ltd. does not intentionally collect information from those younger than 18 years of age, however, we are not able to verify the age of all users of our website content. We encourage parents to be involved in online activities of minors and if you feel we have collected personal information about a minor without consent, we encourage you to contact us.
We use Personal Information in the following ways:
To provide services to our clients and users of our content;
To fulfill agreements regarding the purchase, sale, or consignment of vehicles;
To provide information regarding changes in inventory, events, or news related to Hyman Ltd.;
To carry out market research;
To send status updates and service communications;
To improve our communications, products, and/or services;
To safeguard payment transactions; and
For administrative purposes.
Your Personal Information may be shared with the following:
Banks, financial institutions, and credit card companies exclusively for the purpose of payment;
Law firms, courts, and arbitration services that we may use to enforce a contract;
Governmental, legal, law enforcement, or regulatory obligations in any jurisdictions.
We will not voluntarily disclose or sell personal data, unless required to do so by government or law enforcement authorities.
In order to provide timely information regarding new vehicles in inventory or other news about Hyman Ltd., we may send email notices. At the bottom of each email we provide the option to unsubscribe from future mailings.
In general, users are free to browse our website anonymously, unless you make a request of information or elect to receive email from us. Hyman Ltd. may also use on its website “cookies”; a cookie is a file placed on your computer that identifies your browser software. Cookies allow us to track your use of our site so that we can provide you with a more personalized experience. Further, Social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter are integrated into the Hyman Ltd. website. User data may be transmitted to these platforms from the Hyman Ltd. website. Hyman Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such platforms.
Unless otherwise noted, all information, text, articles, data, images, or other content contained on any page within the Hyman Ltd . website are copyrighted by Hyman Ltd. Title to such copyrighted materials will at all times remain with the copyright holder. You may not edit, modify, or make commercial use of such copyrighted materials without the express, prior written consent of Hyman Ltd.
We provide the information contained on our website for the benefits of visitors. By use of this website, you agree that you will use the information provided only for non-commercial, personal use. You agree not to distribute or transmit, modify, reuse, or otherwise use such information for public or commercial purposes.
We take all reasonable efforts to assure the accuracy of the information on our website. THE ENTIRE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND HYMAN LTD. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS. NEITHER HYMAN LTD. NOR ANY OF ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES WILL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE. Hyman Ltd. assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing on our site, or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, or video from our site.
Hyman Ltd. reserves the right to change or update our Privacy Policy at any time, and such changes or updates will be posted to this website on this page.
Contact A Specialist
Lets Discuss
PhoneThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Sign Up for Exclusive Hyman LTD News
Stay Connected
FIRST NAMELAST NAMEEMAIL*
© 2020 Hyman Ltd.
(314) 524-6000
[email protected]
facebook
twitter
instagram
privacy policy
×
E-Newsletters