http://www.ursack.com/pages/privacy-policy-and-terms-conditions
Close
Holiday Sale Up and RUnning
20% off all Ursack Products
Search
Close menu
The Ursack Story
SHOP
Ursack Bags
Provisions
Accessories
Clearance Items
APPROVAL MAP
RESOURCES
HOW TO USE
FIELD TESTS
Become a Dealer
BLOG
FAQ
Log in
Create account
URSACK, Inc. does not share, rent, sell or trade e-mail addresses or information. URSACK, Inc. does not share any personal information or financial information for any purpose other than to verify credit card orders to verify your order.
Information Collection and Use URSACK, Inc. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, trade, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from that disclosed in this statement. URSACK, Inc. collects information from our users in several different ways on our website.Order We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. A user may choose to register to receive e-mail and printed newsletters and marketing materials from URSACK, Inc.. During registration a user is required to give his/her contact information, such as name and email address, so that URSACK, Inc. can provide the desired service(s).
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. URSACK uses cookies only to identify each user’s session. If a user has supplied personally identifiable information as part of the ordering process, then the cookie can be linked to such information. However, once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. Completion of an order also causes shopping cart data to be removed from the web site. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user could interrupt the ordering process with visits to non-related sites without losing his/her shopping cart data. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user must be careful to return to the Ursack.com website via the “Back” button on his/her browser after visiting non-related sites.
Log Files We use IP addresses, dates, times, document requested, referring address and user agent to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing We do not share information. We use an Internet hosting company for Ursack.com. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that URSACK, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Newsletter and E-mail Advertising If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter and receive e-mail advertising, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Security This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, as when you are just ‘surfing’.
After order forms are submitted, the data is encrypted using the SSL program and sent to URSACK, Inc. The sensitive data is then removed from the Website.
While we use SSL with 128 bits to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our fulfillment center and offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the Internet servers that we store personally identifiable information on are in a limited access environment at out hosting company’s facility. If you have any questions about the security at our Website, you can send us an email.
Special Offers Customers and those who register to do so will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications.
Fulfillment and Comments We communicate with customers to resolves issues that arise in connection with completing orders or in response to comments submitted during registration or via e-mail. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Notification of Changes If at any time we change the manner in which we use personally identifiable information from that stated at the time it was collected, users will have a choice whether or not we use their data in this different manner. Before we use their data in this different manner, we will notify users of the change via e-mail and give them that option to opt-in. Unless a user agrees to the change, will use his/her information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.