http://www.daro.com/privacy-policy
FREE SHIPPING OVER £100 |
30 DAY RETURNS
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyPRIVACY & SECURITY (updated 22nd May 2018)Your security online Our new website has been developed with your security in mind. We use secure socket layering (SSL) technology to encrypt your details on our website and all payment information is processed by the industry leading payment provider PayPal and Paymentsense .Information Collection and UseDaro UK Ltd is the sole owner of the information collected on www.daro.comDaro UK Ltd collects information from our users at several different points on our website. Other than for specific purposes as agreed with the user such as fulfilling an on-line order (see order) the information that is collected through this site is used for marketing or analysis purposes only. AnalysisInformation gathered through this web site will be held in a database at our offices and be used periodically to assess the success of the website and the actions generated from the levels of traffic generated. When you request a page from the site's web server, the server automatically collects some information about your system, including your IP address. Daro UK Ltd collects the minimum information necessary to ensure our service works. Order Form We ask for information from the user on our order form. As goods are being ordered from our site the user must give us their name, email and delivery address, along with the requested financial information, such as the credit card number and associated details or credit account number to enable us to process the order as requested. This information is used solely for charging/invoicing and to dispatch the order. If we have difficulties processing or fulfilling an order these details are used to contact the user.If you are using this site to order goods or services, certain information is automatically collected so that an order can be tracked and delivery made to the right user. To aid this order process 'Cookies' may be stored on your computer by the browser. Although you can set your browser to disable cookies, you might find some site features will not work. We do not  provide or share your information with other third parties. Feedback Form We may ask for information from the user on our feedback form. Information gathered through this form will be held in a database at our offices and be used periodically to assist in the various marketing activities of Daro UK Ltd. We do not provide or share your information with other third parties. MarketingThe data provided by you in relation to this type of information i.e. Marketing / Enquiry Information may be used to communicate with you in connection with your various inquiries and subscriptions and will be kept for the time period in which it is necessary for the purpose it was collected (6 months or less) unless the user has ticked the box requesting that they want to receive further information from daro ukWhere information is collected in terms of Marketing / Enquiry Information i.e.You request information about our services or products;You submit questions to us;You subscribe to our services or newsletterThe site guarantees that your personal data collected for these reasons will not be sold, exchanged or shared with any third parties.An exception to this would be cases in which sharing information with third parties is required by law or if the user requests us to share their information.Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Website. Business Transitions In the event Daro UK Ltd goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section. Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Daro UK Ltd are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website. Changes to this Statement Daro UK Ltd will occasionally update this Privacy Statement to reflect company and customer feedback. Daro UK Ltd encourages you to periodically review this statement to be informed of how Daro UK Ltd is protecting your information.YOUR RIGHTSIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfil contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.Unsubscribing We'll remove you from our database of site users and stop sending you information upon request. Simply send us an email to unsubscribe, write to us or call our head office on the details below... Contact InformationYou have the right to request what information we have on you as a user and for us to remove that information, provided we are not required by law to keep it. For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us using the details below:Daro UK Ltd34-36 Eastbury RoadLondon Industrial ParkE6 6LPEmail: sales@daro.comPhone: 020 8510 4000Fax : 020 8510 4001
Close
Your BasketZero items in your cartYou may also need
Continue without items
Add to your basket Find usAddress details for our ShowroomShowroom >KEEP UPDATEDSign-up for all the latest news & offersSubscribe to newsletterEmail addressSubmit >020 8510 4000Call our customer services for more helpCall Now >×This website uses cookiesWe use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. Read our cookie policy.Accept cookies
Necessary cookies
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are required for this website to operate correctly. The only way to disable these is to update your browser settings.
Analytical cookiesThese cookies help us gain an insight into how people use our website. This information is used to improve the websites performance and features we offer.Social sharing cookiesWe use social plugins to help you share content and interact with your friends. These plugins can set cookies on your machine to track how many times a page has been shared.3rd party media cookiesWe embed videos from 3rd party services such as Youtube. These services may set cookies on your computer once you click on the player.