https://www.arbortechtools.com/au/terms-of-use/
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimers
As a visitor and user of Arbortech’s website you implicitly agree to the terms and conditions of this website. Should you not be in agreement to our terms and conditions and Privacy Policy you should cease use of this website immediately.
This website is fully owned and managed by Arbortech. We may change any information such as the Terms and Conditions, Product Pricing and Privacy Policy at our discretion without prior notice. Any changes to information will be published on our website and you are responsible for staying informed of any changes.
The information provided on this website has been compiled for individual use while we endeavor to provide the most accurate information possible we make no guarantees that all information is completely accurate and complete.
Any links provided on this website are our sole recommendations and provided for your information and convenience. We are not liable for any information on these referred sites and we do not endorse or approve of products on such sites.
Information, images and content provided on this website is the property of Arbortech and any use and downloads from our site is strictly for personal use only. A user is not permitted to reproduce or modify any parts of this website or downloaded information without prior written consent from our corporation.
Copyright
All content contained on this site is wholly owned and reserved for the exclusive use by Arbortech. Content includes but not limited to all text, copy, graphics, images, software applications and plugins, videos, trademarks, logos and slogans. The content contained on this site is protected by intellectual property laws. The use of any content on this site warrants personal use only without any modifications or alterations to any text, pictures, trademark or any visual elements that is the property of Arbortech. No unlicensed individual or corporation with the exception of our trading partners and dealers are permitted to download, publish or use any copyrighted material for commercial use. Should we cease a commercial relationship with any trading partners Arbortech reserves the right to revoke all previous use and access to our corporate identity and copyright materials.
If you operate a website and wish to link to this Site, you may link to any page on the site. Arbortech reserves the right to reject or terminate any links to the content or the Site.
Liability Limitation
Arbortech will not be answerable to any incidental or consequential damage as a result of your use of this site or any other assertion in any way to your use of this site. We are not liable for any losses such as lost data, loss of goodwill, computer failure or any other damages or losses.
Typographic Errors
We endeavour to ensure all information listed on our website is up to date and accurate. On the occasion that a product listed on this website is incorrect such as pricing or a minor specification error we reserve the right to refuse or rescind any orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect amount. Then decision of compensating the customer for our omission is solely at our discretion.
Site Use
The following conduct is prohibited on this site:
Posting any materials that Arbortech deems obscene, unlawful, defamatory, harassing or abusive
Posting advertising or business that is not approved by Arbortech
Transmitting viruses or other harmful codes on and to our website
Collecting or mining data about others including personal information and email addresses without permission
Spamming
Arbortech reserves the full rights to review, moderate and remove any postings from our website as a result of a user breach on our site without notice.
Transaction Disclaimer
By placing an order with us, you confirm that you are over 18 years old and are legally capable of entering into binding contracts. We reserve the right at our sole discretion not to accept any order. Once your Order is accepted by us, a contract will come into force, on the terms and conditions set out here.
It is your solitary responsibility to ensure any personal information entered on our system through the ordering process or subscriptions are correct and true. Any errors entering this information that result in delays or loss will not be compensated by Arbortech.
Please ensure information provided, such as delivery address is correct and accurate. Arbortech will not be held accountable to resend or reimburse the order should the wrong address be entered. Should you require the order to be sent to the correct address this will be treated as a new order and will be at your own expense.
Shipping time is an external factor which Arbortech does not reign any control of. We generally process and despatch orders within 1-2 business days of receiving the order (except on weekends and public holidays) and any shipping time delays is a matter with the shipping provider. If you have not received your order within a reasonable timeframe please feel free to contact us and we will be more than happy to check the package in transit.
If you are dissatisfied with your purchased product/s due to the product not being as described, not of merchantable quality or possess a defect please contact us as soon as possible.
Privacy & Security
You agree to the collection of your information with your use of this website. The information collected does not identify you in any way (except where explicitly stated or consented) and is only used to enable an improved online experience at our site.
We do not sell or distribute any information collected to any third parties.
We do not store any of your credit card details once the transaction is complete for your convenience and assurance.
Updated 23/05/2018