http://www.sinclairintl.com/aspx/general/terms_of_use.aspx
800-717-8211
Live Chat
Live Chat
Facebook
Instagram
Help
Create an Account
Login
Create an Account
Cart (0)
View Cart
Checkout
Products
Manufacturers
Other Ways to Shop
Learn
Sale & Clearance
Reloading EquipmentReloading ComponentsAmmunitionGun CleaningOpticsShooting AccessoriesShooting Rests & BipodsBooks, Videos & SoftwareGun Parts, Tools & Accessories
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
view all manufacturers
Direct Stock Entry
New Products
Hot Sellers
Rebate Items
Filter by Category:
Select a Category
Information & News (34)
Reloading (83)
Sinclair Featured Products (252)
Sinclair How To (131)
View All
Search Learn
AR-15
1911
Remington 870
Ammunition
Reloading
Gunsmithing Tools
Create an Account
Log In
Menu
Shop Products
Reloading Equipment
Case Cleaning
Case Preparation
Measuring Tools
Meplat Uniforming
Powder Handling
Priming Tools
Reloading Dies
Reloading Presses
Shellholders & Shellplates
Benches
Bullet Casting
Reloading Kits
Stuck Case Removers
Reloading Components
Brass
Bullets
Powder
Primers
Muzzleloading Components
Shotshell Components
Ammunition
Handgun Ammo
Rifle Ammo
Rimfire Ammo
Shotgun Ammo
Gun Cleaning
Action/Chamber Cleaning Tools
AR-15 Cleaning
Bore Brushes & Lights
Bore Cleaners & Lubricants
Cleaning Accessories
Cleaning Cradles
Cleaning Rods & Accessories
Rod Guides/Bore Guides
Cleaning Kits
Patches & Mops
Ultrasonic Gun Cleaning
Optics
Binoculars
Optic Accessories
RangeFinders
Rings & Bases
Sights
Spotting Scopes
Scopes
Tripods
Shooting Accessories
Ammunition Storage
Benchrest Equipment
Eye & Ear Protection
Gun Cases & Storage
Slings & Sling Swivels
Targets & Accessories
Range Gear
Shooting Rests & Bipods
Benchrest Bags
Bipods/Monopods
Shooting Rests & Tops
Books, Videos & Software
Videos & Software
Books
Gun Parts, Tools & Accessories
Firearm Accessories
Firearm Tools
Tools
Rifle Magazines
Rifle Parts
Shop Manufacturers
Sale & Clearance
Customer Service
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Brownells, Inc. websites, which include but are not limited to www.Brownells.com, www.Sinclairintl.com, and www.Policestore.com (the “Websites”).  The following terms and conditions (together with any documents referred to in them) (collectively, the “Terms of Use”) apply to your use of the Websites, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through the Websites, whether as a guest or a registered user, or through mobile or desktop application versions of the Websites.  Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Websites. Additionally, please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices.  By using the Websites you signify your consent to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, incorporated here by reference.  If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must exit the Websites.
To access the Websites or some of the resources they offer, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Websites that all the information you provide on the Websites is correct, current and complete.  If you choose, or you are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. You agree to immediately notify Brownells of any unauthorized use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.  We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including, if in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use.
The content on the Websites is for information purposes only and you agree that your use of and browsing in the Websites is at your risk.  In no event shall Brownells, Inc. its subsidiaries or affiliates and their officers, directors, employees or agents (“Brownells”), be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Websites, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein and whether or not Brownells is advised of the possibility of such damages.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Brownells, against all third party claims, actions or demands, liabilities, and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, arising in connection with your use of the Websites or resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Websites or your violation of these Terms of Use.
Brownells has taken reasonable efforts to ensure that the information contained in the Websites is accurate; however, all information is provided “as is” without any express or implied warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.  In addition, by using the Websites and viewing the content on the site, including but not limited to instructional articles and videos, you understand and agree that all firearms are potentially dangerous if handled improperly and can pose risks and hazards to yourself and others, which may result in property damage, serious injury or death.  Any advice, guidance or other information provided on the Websites cannot completely anticipate your situation, and shall not create any warranty not expressly made herein, regardless of any omission or inaccuracy of information contained on Brownells.com.  Also please note that certain of our products require you to be at least 18 or 21 years of age and/or hold certain licenses to purchase and if you enter into any online shopping transactions on the Websites, you agree that you are of legal age and have all necessary authority to enter into and bind yourself under any agreements made on the Websites.
The Websites may contain interactive features that allow you to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users (hereinafter “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Websites.  Any User Contribution you post to the Websites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.  You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant Brownells the license granted in this paragraph.  You represent and warrant that all of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Brownells and its licensors from any breach of this representation and warranty.  You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not Brownells, have full responsibility for the legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness of such content.  Any content and/or opinions submitted to the Websites, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by Brownells, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity submitting them and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company.  We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the Websites.  We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, infringes any intellectual property right or other right, threatens the personal safety of users of the Websites and the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Websites.
Terminate your access to all or part of the Websites for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any materials on or through the Websites. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS BROWNELLS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER BROWNELLS OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.  However, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Websites, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or non-performance of the activities described in this paragraph.
Brownells assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Websites or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Websites.
All right, title and interest in the Websites and any content contained herein is the exclusive property of Brownells, except as otherwise stated.  The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Websites (collectively the “Trademarks”) are the trademarks of Brownells or their respective third-party owners.  Under no circumstances may you alter, modify, or change these Trademarks.  You are prohibited from using the Trademarks for any purpose without the written permission of Brownells or such third party, which may own the Trademarks.
The Websites may contain links to other websites operated by third parties other than Brownells. Such links are provided for your convenience only. Brownells does not control such websites and is not responsible for their content. The fact that the Websites contain links to sites operated by third parties other than Brownells does not mean that Brownells approves of, endorses or recommends those sites, nor does it imply any association with their operators. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Brownells disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content on any other site and disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from any third party websites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in the Websites.
By accessing the Websites, you agree that the laws of the State of Iowa, without regard to the conflict of laws and principles thereof, will apply to all matters relating to the use of the Websites.  You also submit to the personal jurisdiction of Iowa and the venue of the state and federal Courts of Iowa.
Brownells may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use to which you are bound.  Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes.
The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any legal and enforceable provisions of these Terms of Use.
In an effort to comply with US export regulations and ensure appropriate end-use, end-user or ultimate country of destination in purposed transactions, it is Brownells’ general policy to not ship to freight forwarders and Brownells reserves the right to cancel any order going to a freight forwarder without notice to the customer. However, we would be happy to work with you in arranging appropriate delivery to your ultimate destination. For questions please email international@brownells.com.
Brownells Notification Alerts Terms & Conditions - Text BRN TO 556223 to receive ABC Account Notification Alerts. Max 10 msg/month. Reply HELP for help, Reply STOP to cancel. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Compatible carriers include: Associated Carrier Group (ACG), AT&T, Boost, ClearSky, Google Voice, Interop, Metro PCS, Peerless Network, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Truphone Limited, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless, and Virgin Mobile. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer’s equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. The wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered and will not be liable for delayed or undelivered messages. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Brownells, text STOP to 556223. For additional help, text HELP to 556223 or contact customersupport@brownells.com or call 800-741-0015. Brownells respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy here.
Our current Terms of Use were last updated on March 29, 2019.
Close Chat
Show Chat
Hide Chat
A
A
A
Thank you for contacting our Chat Team! Please visit us again.
If you would like a copy of the chat transcript please click "Send Transcript" below.
Send Transcript
Close
Thank you for contacting Brownells. You’ve reached us after business hours. Live Chat is available 7:30 am to Midnight (U.S. CST) Monday - Friday and 8:00 am to 5:00 pm (U.S. CST) Saturday - Sunday. You may also contact us via email at info@brownells.com.