http://www.r-p-r.com/privacy.php
+44 (0) 1590 641223
sales@r-p-r.co.uk
Euro Store
Sitemap
Menu
Home
Kestrel
Product Range
Compare Kestrel Features
Kestrel Product Overview
Blue Ocean Megaphone
Ballistics Meters »
2700 Ballistics
5700 with Ballistics
5700 with Hornady 4DOF
5700 Elite with Applied Ballistics
Kestrel (Remote) HUD Heads Up Display
5700X Elite Applied Ballistics with LiNK
Kestrel for Heat Stress »
3000 Heat Stress
5400 Heat Stress Tracker
Basic K1000-K3500 »
Kestrel 1000
Kestrel 2000
Kestrel 2500 (& Night Vision)
Kestrel 3000
Kestrel 3500 (& Night Vision)
Kestrel 3500 Delta T
Kestrel for Agriculture »
5000AG Livestock Meter (with LiNK)
5400AG Heat Stress Tracker (with LiNK)
5500AG Weather Meter (with LiNK)
DROP D2AG
Advanced K5000-K5500 »
5000 Environmental Meter
5100 Racing Weather Meter
5200 Pro Weather Meter
5400 Heat Stress Tracker
5500 Weather Meter
Fire Weather »
3500FW
5400FW Pro (with LiNK)
5500FW Pro (with LiNK)
DROP D3FW
Complete Weather Stations »
5000 Weather Station
5100 Weather Station
5200 Weather Station
5400 Weather Station
5500 Weather Station
5700 Applied Ballistics Weather Station
5700X Applied Ballistics Weather Station
Kestrel 5700 Elite with HUD Shooters Kit
DROP Data Loggers »
DROP D1 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D2 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D2AG
DROP D3 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D3FW
Kestrel Connect App
Kestrel Accessories
Kestrel Spares & Calibration »
Replacement Impeller
Replacement Impeller Cover
Calibration Certificates
RH Field Calibration Kit
K1000-K3000 Series Accessories »
K1-3000 Vane, Mount & Case
K1-3000 Compact Tripod, Vane & Mount
K1-3000 Battery Doors
K1-3000 Mini Tripod
K5000 Series Accessories »
K5000 LiNK Wireless Dongle
K5000 Screen Protector
K5000 Tripod, Vane & Mount
K5000 USB Data Interface
K5000 Vane Mount & Case
K5000 Battery Doors
K5000 Mini Tripod
Kestrel Software
Kestrel LiNK for iOS App
Kestrel LiNK for Android App
Kestrel LiNK Ballistics App
Kestrel Carry Cases »
HST MOLLE Carry Case (K5400)
Nitelze Carry Case
Tactical MOLLE Case (K5700)
Peli 1015 Case
Peli 1120 Case
Tripods »
Kestrel Mini Tripod
Kestrel Large Collapsible Tripod
Compact Collapsible Tripod
Kestrel Tripod Clamp
K4000 Series Accessories »
K4000 Battery Shim
K4000 Vane Boom Assembly
K4000 USB Data Interface
K4000 Screen Protection
K4000 Vane Mount & Case
WeatherFile
Wind & Weather Systems
Complete Weather Stations »
Internet Connected
Bluetooth Connected
Non-Internet Connected
Rental Systems
Specialist Weather Systems »
Crane & Construction
Temporary Structures
Remote (Solar Powered)
Metbuoy (On Water)
OWS-5 (Moving Platform)
PRO Race Officer (Sailing)
Plumecast (Plume Monitoring)
Meteorological Sensors »
Anemometers (Wind)
Gill Maximet
Gill MetPak
Kestrel Handheld
Rain Gauges »
ARG314 Rain Gauge
Kalyx Rain Gauge
Meteorological Dataloggers »
SpaceLogger W100 LAN Data Logger
SpaceLogger W50 WiFi Data Logger
SpaceLogger W10 Standalone Data Logger
WeatherFile Communication Unit (WCU) »
Displays & Apps »
WS-15A Wind & Weather Display
WeatherFile Connected Monitor (WCM)
WeatherFile Large 4" Digital Display
WeatherFile BLE Android App
Calypso Anemotracker iOS App
Calypso Anemotracker Android App
Alarm Units »
WeatherFile Audible Alarm
WeatherFile Flashing LED Beacon
WeatherFile Dual Alarm
Cabling, Junction Boxes & Power
WindSonic Connector
RS232 Cabling
RS485 Cabling
WindSonic Config Cable
Junction Box
FlexiMet Power Supply Unit
WeatherFile Power Supply Unit
Masts & Mounts »
Mounting Mast for Gill Sensors (Anodised Aluminium)
Mounting Mast for Gill Sensors (306 grade Stainless Steel)
Gill WindSonic / MaxiMet Mounting Bracket
Calypso Sensor Mounting Masts
Calypso Sensor Mounting Bracket
Satellite Base
Tripods
Data Loggers
Product Range
Data Logger Overview
Customised Data Loggers
Data Logger Case Studies
Environmental »
DROP D1 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D2 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D2AG
DROP D3 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D3FW
Educational
BBoard
Ethernet Connected »
SpaceLogger D100
SpaceLogger S100
SpaceLogger S100C
SpaceLogger W100
Wind & Weather »
SpaceLogger W100
SpaceLogger W50
SpaceLogger W10
Wireless Connected »
SpaceLogger D50
SpaceLogger W50
DROP D1 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D2 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D2AG
DROP D3 (for iOS & Android)
DROP D3FW
Autoclave (Decontamination) »
SpaceLogger D100
SpaceLogger D50
SpaceLogger D10
Stand-Alone »
A10 Analogue Logger
D10 Decontamination Logger
S10 Serial Logger
T10 Text Logger
W10 Wind & Weather Logger
Data Logger Accessories
D-type Cable
Mounting Brackets
Power Supply (12V)
Power Supply (5V USB)
SD Card
USB Card Reader
AutoHoot
Autohoot
AutoHoot Standard
Dual Trumpet Horn
Compact Horn
Autohoot Accessories
USB Config Cable
Home
Privacy Statement
Privacy
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as the terms may have changed since your last visit to us.
By using our website and/or registering with www.r-p-r.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the
practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Your privacy and security is important to us. This statement sets out Richard Paul Russell Ltd.'s data
protection policy for the information that you provide to us when using our website (the "website").
Our Privacy Policy describes the ways we collect your Personal Information (PI) and governs how we will
deal with it. We aim to ensure that any PI we obtain and use will always be held, used and transmitted
in compliance with existing UK data protection rules & the General Data Protection Regulation. If you
have questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Where this Privacy Policy contains hyperlinks to other pages on our website, we recommend you click on
those links as they may contain additional important details about our Privacy Policy.
The website may contain links to third parties' websites. Richard Paul Russell Ltd. assumes no
responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Therefore, please read
carefully any privacy policies on those websites before either agreeing to their terms or using
those websites.
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. may occasionally amend this Privacy Policy to reflect regulatory requirements
and changes in our information collection and disclosure practices. Any new policy will automatically
be effective when it is published on the website. You should therefore return here regularly to view
our most up to date Privacy Policy. We also advise you to print a copy for your records.
Opting in & Opting Out
You may opt out at any time even if you have previously given your consent, although it will take a
short while for the changes in your preferences to become effective. If you are not clear how to opt
out please contact us.
Access to your Personal Information
You can request to see your details, and correct, update or remove them at any time to suit you as
per the guidelines set out in the GDPR. You should identify any inaccuracies in any other information
we hold about you. Where possible, if Richard Paul Russell Ltd. is informed of the inaccuracy of any
PI, we will make appropriate corrections. You can ask to see, update or amend any information we hold
on you by contacting us.
Solving Problems
If you have any concerns, please email Richard Paul Russell Ltd. Customer Service or call us between
9am and 5pm. If your dispute is not addressed to your satisfaction, please contact us.
1. Information We Collect About You
We may collect:
• contact information, such as name, address and telephone number
• information related to registered Kestrel products (under warranty)
• online contact information, such as your email address
• IP address
2. How We Collect Your Personal Information
Richard Paul Russell Ltd obtains information from you in two ways:
• by you typing your personal details in
• by the automatic collection of information about you as you use the website
A. Keying In Your Details
If you wish to place an order we will ask you to key in your contact information as you proceed through
the stages of making a purchase, in order to process and deliver your order.
For financial transactions,
we use Roman Cart which is a gateway for purchasing.
We do not store any financial transaction data at
Richard Paul Russell Ltd.
If you request a catalogue, data sheet or other product information, we will
ask you to enter your name and delivery details or if you wish to receive email alerts, we will ask you
to provide your email address.
B. Automatic Collection
Like most websites, our website uses cookies and web beacons to enhance your shopping experience. A
cookie is a piece of data that our website automatically transfers to the hard drive of your PC or
mobile device when your browser accesses our website.
You can find out more about this type of technology through your internet browser. For example:
• If you use Internet Explorer click 'Help' on the toolbar then search on 'Cookies' in the box which
appears
• If you use Safari click 'Safari' then 'Preferences' then 'Security'. You can then click 'Help' to
learn more about cookies and the options your browser gives you.
• If you use Mozilla Firefox you can find out more at
https://support.mozilla.com
You may refuse to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However if you change the
settings to refuse cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of the site. Unless you have adjusted
your browser settings so that the browser refuses cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on
to our site.
The system may also use web beacons which are similar but not identical to cookies in the way they
operate. You can find out more about web beacons on Wikipedia.
If you are only browsing our website and have not logged in, we will not ask you to key in any PI, but
certain information - including computer and connection information, browser type and version, operating
system and platform details, the time of accessing the website - is automatically collected about you.
The same information will be collected every time you access our website for purposes of completion and
support of the activity you are carrying out, anonymous user analysis and research and development.
Third Party Cookies & Web Beacons
3. How We Identify You
Every time your web browser accesses our website, we automatically receive and store certain information
about you, by placing a cookie on your computer.
Two types of cookies are used on our website:
Session Cookies
(which remain in the cookie file of your browser only so long as you are accessing the website) are used:
• to allow you to carry information from one page of our website to another without having
to re-enter information,
• to allow you to maintain a shopping basket during each visit that you make to the site, and
• within registration or login mode, to allow you to access stored information.
Persistent Cookies
(which remain in the cookie file of your browser for a longer period and store some
basic information) help us to identify if you have visited our website previously using the same computer,
and if so enable our website to remember the personal information you provided, keep track of the number
of visits that you make to our website, where you browse and what you have purchased, and offer you
tailored content, even though you may not have logged on.
Emails
Similarly, if you have ever provided us with an email address, we will be able to associate this
email address back to your previous browsing and purchase experiences, whether you are logged on
or not. We will know whether you have ever requested a catalogue or receive email alerts and will
be able to associate this with any other contact information you may have given us.
What We Use Your Information For
The principal purposes for which we collect and store your PI are to process your orders
and deliver products, respond to your enquiries and generally maintain the account you hold with us.
We may use an IP address to identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you,
to help identify problems with our server and to administer our website.
Use of your Information by Third Parties
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. will not sell your PI to third parties.
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. collates statistics about site traffic, sales and other commercial
information, which we pass on to third parties to assist us in improving the services we provide
to you. We also use demographic information to tailor the website to the interests of our customers,
which we share with third parties, again on an aggregate basis only so that they can build up a
better picture of our customer base and general consumer trends.
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. may disclose your PI if necessary to comply with regulations or law
or to assist with law enforcement, to enforce the terms under which you trade with Richard
Paul Russell Ltd., or to protect our property and other rights.
Security
What Security Checks Do We Carry Out?
As part of our policy to protect against the fraudulent use of credit cards, our payment processing
company may carry out security checks on orders. These can take various forms, and may involve
contacting you by telephone before your order is processed.
Firewalls
Occasionally our site is blocked by a firewall. If you are using a personal firewall stopping and
restarting the firewall may fix the problem. If it is a corporate firewall you may wish to contact
your organisation's IT department.
Ethical Trading
Through an ethical trading philosophy and our environmental policy statement, we are striving to ensure
that what we buy, use and dispose of and what we do as a business helps, albeit in a small way, to
build a fairer, more ethical, socially just and environmentally sustainable world.
Ethical Trading Policy Statement
Richard Paul Russell Ltd will aim to trade ethically. To implement this policy, we will:
• not take advantage of lower employment or manufacturing costs in developing countries;
• not trade with those countries which our directors believe are violators of human rights.
• refuse to work with any client or prospective client which we have reason to consider exploits humans, animals or the environment unfairly.
Richard Paul Russell Ltd's Commitment to its Suppliers, Service Providers & Customers
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. recognises that our ethical and social performance and reputation is
a key part of our overall commercial success.
Employees:
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. is committed to ensuring that our employment practices and the enforcement
of corporate regulations ensure the protection of the rights of all those who work for us. In many
areas we aim to operate above the minimum standards required by law to ensure our employees are safe,
rewarded and valued. As we of course expand and become larger we will be able to offer more
opportunities for our staff.
Customers:
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. is committed to demonstrating its ethical and social responsibility
credentials to enable customers to make informed choices about whose services they purchase.
Suppliers:
Richard Paul Russell Ltd. is committed to monitoring social standards in our supply chain, and we
encourage our suppliers to operate to the same ethical standards we employ ourselves.
Richard Paul Russell Ltd's Ethical Trading Code of Practice
This Code of Practice applies to:
• staff directly employed by Richard Paul Russell Ltd. on temporary or permanent contracts.
• staff employed or provided by contractors or employment agencies to work on Richard
Paul Russell Ltd.'s premises or to undertake work for or on behalf of Richard Paul Russell Ltd.
Where
• no forced, bonded or involuntary labour shall be used.
• all employment with Richard Paul Russell Ltd. is freely chosen.
• staff are not required to lodge deposits or identity papers with us.
• staff are free to leave Richard Paul Russell Ltd. after reasonable notice.
• no child labour shall be used.
• there shall be no recruitment of child labour.
• children or persons under 16 are not employed at any time.
• children or persons under 18 are not employed full-time.
• working conditions are safe and hygienic.
• Richard Paul Russell Ltd. takes adequate measures to prevent accidents and minimise potential hazards.
• staff receive regular health & safety training.
• staff have unrestricted access to toilet facilities and drinking water.
• Richard Paul Russell Ltd. has a published Health & Safety Policy.
• working hours and remuneration are reasonable and comparable to other companies in our sector and regular employment is provided.
• staff pay rates are above the national legal minimum standards.
• staff are given written terms and conditions of employment that details the
employment relationship between and the respective obligations of the employee and employer,
rates of pay, working hours, grievance and disciplinary procedures, holiday entitlement,
absence and sick pay rules and notice periods for termination of employment.
• no deductions are made from wages as a disciplinary measure, and pay slips detailing lawful deductions are provided for each pay period.
• labour only contracting, sub-contracting and fixed term contracts are not used as a means to avoid obligations under labour or social security laws.
Richard Paul Russell Ltd
The LodgeUnit 1 Barnes Farm Business Park
Barnes Lane, Milford on Sea
SO41 0AP
Tel: +44 (0) 1590 641223
Customer Service
About Us
Contact Us
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Shipping & Handling
Returns Period
Privacy Policy
Ethical Trading
WEEE Statement
TrustPilot Reviews
Technical Support
What is the Beaufort Scale?
What Is Heat Index?
Wind Chill Explained
Kestrel Software & Downloads
Register Your Kestrel Products
WeatherFile
Weather Instruments
Data Logger Blog
Sitemap
Weather Systems
Crane & Construction
Temporary Structures
Remote Weather Stations
Metbouy (On Water)
Pro Race Officer (Sailing)
Plumecast
© Copyright 2008-2020. Registered in England
Company registration number 2746689. VAT no. GB580260358