http://www.jollytime.com/privacy
Privacy Policy
American Pop Corn Company Privacy Statement
At JOLLY TIME Pop Corn, we view our customers as part of the family. And, just as family members strive to respect the privacy of others in the household, we too want to protect your right to confidentiality.
We've developed the following policy to make you aware of just how important your privacy is to everyone at JOLLY TIME Pop Corn. Please read it – and contact us at (712) 239-1232 by phone, or e-mail or One Fun Place, Sioux City IA 51108 by postal mail if you have any questions.
Thank you for your interest in JOLLY TIME Pop Corn...and welcome to the family!
Web Privacy Policy
We take great measures to be sure information from visitors to our site remains private and confidential.
Occasionally, our site will feature contests, promotions or information offers which require that we collect specific pieces of information from you, such as your real name, address, phone number and/or e-mail address.
This information will be used only for the purpose requested (to enter a contest; send you merchandise or information).
We promise that any personal information you provide to us will not be sold or distributed to another party without first obtaining your consent.
Any general information collected by Web technology will be used only in compiling aggregate numbers on usage of the JOLLY TIME Web site.
Web Privacy Policy For Users Age 13 and Under
We are very sensitive to the safety of children, therefore, we do not collect or store information on users under the age of 13 (this includes contest entry, play games for prizes).
If a user under the age of 13 contacts JOLLY TIME Pop Corn, we respond to them by e-mail once, in accordance with the FTC regulations.
We promise that any personal information provided to us by a user under age 13 will not be sold, distributed to a third party or utilized, other than to contact the user and respond by e-mail.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact Tracy Boever: e-mail, phone (712)239-1232, or postal mail JOLLY TIME Pop Corn, One Fun Place, Sioux City IA 51108.
Information Collection and Use
American Pop Corn Company is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. American Pop Corn Company collects information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
American Pop Corn Company does not require registration in order to use this Web site.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that the user may have to re-enter the same information twice (as in the Store on-line area of our site.)
Some of our business partners use cookies on our site.. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This Web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we, American Pop Corn Company, makers of JOLLY TIME Pop Corn, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site, but will not accept the information from a child under the age of 13.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the industry standard software - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing'. To learn more about SSL, follow this link www.truste.com.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
If you have any questions about the security at our Web site, you can send an email to Contact Us
Supplementation of Information
In order for this Web site to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
For example, in order to obtain an approval on a credit card, we use a customer's name and address to determine whether the user is actually the card owner.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by e-mailing us or by sending a message by postal mail.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an e-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Visit www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children's privacy on-line.