http://www.50wishes.com/policies
Policies
INSPIRED 50th BIRTHDAY GIFTS
Shop by personality type
Shop by Price
50 is Golden
Favorites
Sale!
Privacy policy
Shipping & handling
Return policy
Terms & conditions
Copyright and trademarks
Privacy Policy
We're committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected while visiting our website. When we shop, we don't expect our personal information be used for any purpose other than buying the merchandise, and that's how we treat our customers. We don't share or sell customer information and we only collect what is necessary to process your order and track your shipment. When you place an order, we need your billing address and your phone number to authenticate the transaction. We need your email address to confirm the transaction and update you regarding the order. From time to time we may send you news of special offers on our site, however you will be able to opt out of receiving these messages if you wish. We do not collect any credit card information - that's handled entirely by our credit card processor, InternetSecure, on their encrypted site. Click here if you want to know more about InternetSecure.
Shipping & Handling
We ship almost exclusively via UPS and FedEx from our warehouse in Champlain, N.Y. Most orders received before Midnight EST are processed the next day, weekends and holidays excluded. UPS and FedEx do not deliver to post office boxes so we will need a street address to ship the merchandise. If the gift is damaged during shipping, you must notify us within 5 business days for an immediate replacement so we can file a claim with the carrier.
Rates and transit times
Ground delivery generally takes 1 - 5 business days, depending on your location
3-Day Air delivery takes 3 business days.
2-Day Air delivery takes 2 business days.
Overnight Air delivery takes 1 business day.
Saturday delivery is available for some items.  Please contact us for rates.
Rates and estimated delivery days for continental USA are calculated during the checkout process and vary by destination, weight, and volume of shipment.
Outside continental USA
Please contact us for rates and transit times for your shipment.
Return Policy
Merchandise may be returned within 14 days of the purchase date as long as it is in its original condition. All sales are final after that date. Unfortunately we can't accept returns for flowers, chocolate, or candles nor can we refund gift wrapping or shipping and handling charges. To return goods, you must contact us to obtain a return authorization number. The authorization number should be written on the outside of the return package and sent to:
Returns Department
50wishes
WWD Building
2002 Ridge Rd
Champlain, NY 12919
Returned goods must be shipped at your expense. We strongly recommend that you purchase insurance when shipping to us because we are not responsible for lost or stolen items. Credits will be processed within 14 days of receiving the returned merchandise.
Terms & Conditions
Here's the legal stuff that our attorneys say we've got to add.
50wishes is a division of Buster Boom Ltd.
When you use this site, you will be bound by the following terms:
This website could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. If we have incorrectly priced an item, we will have the right to cancel any order, even if the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If this happens we will promptly issue a credit to your credit card account for the amount charged. Prices listed do not include shipping and handling charges, nor do they include sales tax that may be charged where applicable. These charges are added in the shopping cart and checkout process. All prices are in US dollars.
When you place an order, you agree to pay the purchase price, shipping and handling, and any sales taxes that are applicable. You certify that the credit card information you supply is true, correct and complete.
All items purchased from us are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
All the merchandise made available through this website is provided 'as is' and without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, regarding the merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Under no circumstances shall 50wishes and Buster Boom Ltd. and all of its officers, directors, owners, employees ('Buster Boom') be liable for any damages or injury, including any direct, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages, that may result, whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the website, information available in the website, delivery of the goods or the merchandise itself. This includes damages or injury caused by error, omission, interruption, defect, failure of performance or delay.
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Buster Boom from any liability and costs including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs, due to or arising out of your use of this website, purchase or use of a gift. In no event shall Buster Boom's total liability for damages, losses, and causes of action whether in contract, or tort, including negligence, exceed the amount paid by you.
In the event that any term or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed by a court of competent jurisdiction to be overly broad in scope, such court shall have the power and is hereby directed to limit such scope so that such term or provision is not overly broad, and to enforce the same as so limited. Subject to the foregoing sentence, in the event any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity or unenforceability shall attach only to such provision and shall not affect or render invalid any other provision of this Agreement.
You waive the right to a trial by jury in any action, suit or proceeding brought to enforce, defend or interpret any right or remedies under, or arising in connection with or relating to, these Terms and Conditions. Any disputes arising under these Terms and Conditions will be governed by the laws of Quebec Canada, without reference to its conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions, suits or proceedings shall be brought exclusively in the Province of Quebec Canada.
Copyright and Trademarks
The 50wishes name and logo are trademarks owned by Buster Boom. Other designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. No part of the website may be copied or reproduced in any manner without the written authorization of Buster Boom. The use of such material is a violation of Buster Boom's copyright and other proprietary rights and is strictly prohibited.
If you have any additional questions, please do not hesitate to contact us.