http://www.unifit.co.uk/cookie-policy/
Appliances
Cooker Hobs
Cookerhoods
Cookers & Ovens
Freezers
Fridge Freezers
Fridges
Microwaves
Dishwashers
Tumble Dryers
Washer Dryers
Washing Machines
Small Domestic Appliances
Coffee Machines
Egg Boilers
Kettles
Kitchen Equipment
Kitchen Scales
Milk Frothers
Party Cooking
Personal Care
Toasters
Yoghurt Makers
Cleaning
Appliance Care & Cleaning
Cooker & Oven Cleaning
Cookerhood Cleaning
Dishwasher Cleaning
Fridge Freezer Cleaning
Hob Cleaning
Microwave Cleaning
Small Appliance Cleaning
Tumble Dryer & Washing Machine Cleaning
Carpet & Floor Cleaning
Carpet Cleaning Powder
Carpet Cleaning Solutions
Steam Cleaner Cloth Pads
Steam Cleaner Solutions
Vacuum Cleaner Paper Dust Bags
Vacuum Cleaner Fresheners
Cloths, Dusters & Mops
Blind Cleaners
Dusters
E-Cloths
Floor Dusters
Mops & Mop Heads
Floor & Vacuum Cleaners
Carpet Sweepers
Cordless Vacuum Cleaners
Cylinder & Tub Vacuum Cleaners
Handheld Vacuum Cleaners
Hard Floor & Steam Cleaners
Robot Vacuum Cleaners
Wet & Dry Vacuum Cleaners
Household Cleaning
Descaling
Drain Unblocking
Glass & Window Cleaning
Handwash
Mildew & Mold Remover
Multi Surface Cleaning
Stainless Steel Cleaning
Waste Disposal Cleaning
Unifit Cleaning Products
Washing Up
Karcher
Karcher Cleaning Chemicals
Karcher Pressure Washer Spares
Window Vacuum Spares
Floorcare
Bissell Spares
Carpet & Floor Cleaning
Carpet Cleaning Powder
Carpet Cleaning Solutions
Karcher Cleaning Solutions
Steam Cleaning Solutions
Vacuum Cleaner Fresheners
Steam Cleaner Spares
Steam Cleaner Cloths
Steam Cleaner Spares
Floor Cleaners
Carpet Sweepers
Hard Floor & Steam Cleaners
Vacuum Cleaner Spares
Vacuum Cleaner Bags
Belts
Body Parts
Brushes & Brush Rolls
Carbon Brushes & Motors
Electrical Components
Filters
Hoses & Handles
Tools
Vacuum Cleaners
Cordless Vacuum Cleaners
Cylinder & Tub Vacuum Cleaners
Handheld Vacuum Cleaners
Robot Vacuum Cleaners
Wet & Dry Vacuum Cleaners
Numatic
Henry Hoover
Hetty Hoover
Harry Hoover
Charles Hoover
George Hoover
James Hoover
Window Vacuum Cleaners
Window Vacuum Cleaners
Window Vacuum Spares
Garden & Outdoor
ALM Garden Power Tool Spares
Chainsaw Spares
Fuel Cans, Oil & Engine Spares
Grass Trimmer Spares
Hedge Trimmer Spares
Lawnmower Spares
Shredder Spares
BBQ & Accessories
BBQ Accessories
BBQ's
Car Care
Karcher
Cleaning & Storage
Bruns Storage Solutions
Cleaning Chemicals
Karcher
Severin
Karcher
Karcher Cleaning Chemicals
Karcher Pressure Washer Spares
Window Vacuum Spares
Greenhouse Spares
Bolts & Nuts
Glazing Clips & Strips
Sliding Door Wheel Kits
Outdoor Electrical & Lighting
Extension Cables & Reels
LED Decking & Ground Lights
LED Flood Lights
LED Wall Lights
RCD Plugs & Sockets
Safety Clothing & PPE
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Home Essentials
Audio Visual & Electrical Accessories
Audio Leads
Cable & Cable Management
Doorbells
Fuses, Plugs & Timers
Mobile Phone & Telephone Accessories
Sockets & Switches
Television Accessories
Bathroom Accessories
Bath Mats & Hair Sieves
Bathroom Baskets & Shelves
Bathroom Bins
Bathroom Mirrors & Scales
Shower Accessories
Soap Dish Holders & Dispensers
Toilet Brushes & Toilet Roll Holders
Tooth Brush Holders & Tumblers
Towel Holders & Rails
Batteries & Chargers
9V Batteries
AA Batteries
AAA Batteries
Battery Chargers & Rechargeable Batteries
C Batteries
Coin Cell & Watch Batteries
D Batteries
Specialist Batteries
Dehumidifiers & Moisture Absorbers
Dehumidifiers
Moisture Traps & Refills
DIY & Storage Essentials
Adhesives, Silicones & Sealants
Lubricants & Oils
Paints
Tapes
Tools & Storage
Fire & Home Safety
Baby & Toddler Safety
Carbon Monoxide Alarms
Fire Blankets
Fire Extinguishers
Heat Alarms
Smoke Alarms
Heating & Plumbing Spares
Electric Fire Bars
Gas Fire Spares
Immersion Heater Spares
Pipe Fittings
Plumbing & Drain Kits
Storage Heater Spares
Taps & Valves
Pest Control
Electronic Pest Control
Garden Pest Control
Insect Pest Control
Mouse & Rat Control
Leifheit
Leifheit Cleaning
Leifheit Laundry
Leifheit Kitchen
Soehnle
Bathroom Scales
Kitchen Scales
Wenko
Wenko Bathroom Accessories
Wenko Kitchen Accessories
Wenko Turbo-Loc
Wenko Vacuum-Loc
Kitchen
Cooker & Oven Spares
Cabinet Parts & Door Parts
Cooker Care & Installation
Cooker Knobs
Electrical Components
Gas Components
Grill & Oven Spares
Grill Pans & Oven Shelves
Hobs & Controls
Cookerhood Spares
Cabinet Parts
Cookerhood Care & Essentials
Electrical Components
Filters
Motors & Fans
Venting
Dishwasher Spares
Baskets & Basket Parts
Cabinet Parts & Door Parts
Dishwasher Care & Installation
Electrical Components
Elements & Heaters
Hoses & Valves
Motors & Pumps
Spray Arms
Filters
Fridge Freezer Spares
Cabinet Parts
Compressors,
Driers & Gases
Doors & Door Parts
Drawers, Fronts & Shelves
Drink Dispenser & Ice Maker Spares
Electrical Components
Evaporators & Heaters
Filters
Fridge Care & Installation
Beko Spares
Microwave Spare Parts
Cabinet Parts
Doors & Door Parts
Electrical Components
Liners & Wave Guides
Microwave Care & Installation
Turntables & Rollers
Small Domestic Appliance Spares
Coffee Machine Spares & Accessories
Iron Spares & Accessories
Kettle Spares
Pressure Cooker Spares
Toaster Spares
Small Domestic Appliance Manufacturers
Water Boiler Spares
Fat Fryer Spares
Laundry
Ironing
Bobble & Fluff Removal
Iron Care & Cleaning
Iron Filters
Ironing Board Covers
Ironing Boards
Irons & Travel Irons
Laundry Care & Washing
Bobble & Fluff Removal
Dry Cleaners Secret
Stain Removers & Whiteners
Washing Powder & Conditioners
Laundry Drying
Clothes Airers & Stands
Clothes Pegs & Peg Baskets
Rotary Washing Lines
Wall Mounted Washing Lines
Tumble Dryer Spares
Cabinets & Cabinet Parts
Clips, Connectors, Hoses & Valves
Condensing & Venting
Doors & Door Parts
Drums & Drum Parts
Electrical Components
Elements, Motors & Pumps
Fluff Filters
Tumble Dryer Care & Essentials
Washing Machine Spares
Cabinets & Cabinet Parts
Doors & Door Parts
Drums & Drum Parts
Electrical Components
Elements, Motors & Pumps
Filters
Hoses
Inlet Valves & Solenoids
Washing Machine Care & Cleaning
Lighting
Appliance Bulbs
Cooker & Oven Lamps
Cookerhood Lamps
Fire Glow Bulbs
Fridge Freezer Lamps
Microwave Lamps
Sewing Machine Lamps
Tumble Dryer Lamps
Commercial Lighting
Bay Lighting
Catering Lamps
Down Lights
Flood Lights
Panel Lights
Tube Lights
Candle Bulbs
BC Lamps
SBC Lamps
ES Lamps
SES Lamps
Capsule Bulbs
G4 Lamps
G9 Lamps
Fluorescent Tubes And Strip Lamps
2D Lamps
PL-C Tubes
PL-L Tubes
PL-S Tubes
PL-T Tubes
Starters
Strip Lights
T5 Tubes
GLS Bulbs
BC Lamps
ES Lamps
Golf Ball And Globe Bulbs
BC Lamps
SBC Lamps
ES Lamps
SES Lamps
Head Lights & Torches
Head Torches
Torches
Work Lights
Indoor & Outdoor Lights
Garden & Outdoor Lights
Indoor Lights
Light Fittings & Switches
Light Fittings
Light Switches
Pygmy Bulbs
BC Lamps
SBC Lamps
SES Lamps
Spot Lights
GU10 Lamps
MR11 Lamps
MR16 Lamps
PAR Lamps
R38 Spot Lamps
R39 Spot Lamps
R50 Spot Lamps
R63 Spot Lamps
R80 Spot Lamps
New Lines
Home
Current: Cookie Policy
Cookies
What are cookies?
Our cookies policy
3rd Party cookies
Managing cookies
Privacy and Data Protection
What are cookies?
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. At Homespares we use cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket, and to remember you when you return to our site.
To order products on Homespares, you need to have cookies enabled - see the section on Managing cookies. If you don't wish to enable cookies, you'll still be able to browse the site and use it for research purposes. Most web browsers have cookies enabled, but see Managing cookies for help to turn them on should you need to.
Please note that cookies can't harm your computer. We don't store personally identifiable information such as credit card details in cookies we create, but we do use encrypted information gathered from them to help improve your experience of the site. For example, they help us to identify and resolve errors, or to determine relevant related products to show you when you're browsing.
We're giving you this information as part of our initiative to comply with recent legislation, and to make sure we're honest and clear about your privacy when using our website. We know you'd expect nothing less from us, and please be assured that we're working on a number of other privacy and cookie-related improvements to the website.
back to top
Our cookies policy
To make full use of the online shopping and personalised features on Homespares, your computer, tablet or mobile phone will need to accept cookies, as we can only provide you with certain personalised features of this website by using them.
Our cookies don't store sensitive information such as your name, address or payment details: they simply hold the 'key' that, once you're signed in, is associated with this information. However, if you'd prefer to restrict, block or delete cookies from Homespares, or any other website, you can use your browser to do this. Each browser is different, so check the 'Help' menu of your particular browser (or your mobile phone's handset manual) to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
Here's a list of the main cookies we use, and what we use them for. You'll find information about 3rd party cookies below.
Cookie name
Cookie purpose
reg_fb_gate, reg_fb_ref, reg_ext_ref, datr, lsd
These cookies are used by our third party social media provider Facebook to provide our micro-blogging feed and referrer.
__atuvc, uvc
These cookies are created and read by AddThis javascript on the client side in order to make sure the user sees the updated count if they share a page and return to it before our share count cache is updated. No data from that cookie is sent back to AddThis and removing it when disabling cookies would cause unexpected behavior for users.
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
These cookies enable the function of Google Analytics. This software helps us take and analyse visitor information such as browser usage, new visitor numbers, response to marketing activity and shopping times. That information helps us to improve the website and your shopping experience, and to make our marketing campaigns relevant.
The data stored by these cookies can be seen only by the relevant teams at Homespares and Google and never shows any confidential information.
ASP.NET_SessionId
This cookie allows our web servers to respond to your actions on the website such as "Add to basket" or browsing the website. The website wouldn't work for you without it.
RecentlyViewedProducts
This cookie collects data to display all recently viewed products you have clicked on whilst visiting.
ShoppingBasket
This cookie collects data to track the item(s) added within your shopping basket.
SecureCookieContainer
This cookie collects data inside of a cookie container to ensure data is transmistted in a secure method.
Flash cookies (or Local Shared Objects)
On Homespares we may display video content using Adobe Flash Player. Adobe uses Flash cookies (also known as Local Shared Objects) to help improve your experience as a user. Flash cookies are stored on your device in much the same way as usual cookies, but they're managed differently by your browser.
If you wish to disable or delete a Flash cookie, see Adobe Flashplayer Security Settings (opens in a new window). Please bear in mind though, that if you disable Flash cookies for Homespares you'll unable to access certain types of content on the site, such as videos.
Homespares 'share/social' tools
If you take the opportunity to 'share' Homespares content with friends through social networks – such as Facebook and Twitter - you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
Further information about cookies
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window/tab - this is an external website).
back to top
Third party cookies
When you visit Homespares.co.uk you may notice some cookies that aren't related to Homespare. If you go on to a web page that contains embedded content, for example from YouTube, you may be sent cookies from these websites. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
back to top
Managing cookies
If cookies aren't enabled on your computer, it will mean that your shopping experience on our website will be limited to browsing and researching; you won't be able to add products to your basket and buy them.
To enable cookies
If you're not sure of the type & version of web browser you're using to access the Internet:
For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option
For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
2. Click the 'Under the Hood' tab, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button
3. Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0 & 9
1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tab
2. Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
3. Settings above Medium will disable cookies
4. If you are using IE9, click ALT-X, then Internet Options and find the 'Privacy' tab from there.
Mozilla Firefox
1. Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
2. Then select the Privacy icon
3. Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'
Safari
1. Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
2. Click on 'Security', check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies'
3. Click 'Save'
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
1. Click on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options
2. Scroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving Files
3. Select the 'Never Ask' option
Safari on OSX
1. Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
2. Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'
3. Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
1. Click on 'Mozilla' or 'Netscape' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
2. Scroll down until you see cookies under 'Privacy & Security'
3. Select 'Enable cookies for the originating web site only'
Opera
1. Click on 'Menu' at the top of your browser window and select 'Settings'
2. Then select 'Preferences', select the 'Advanced' tab
3. Then select 'Accept cookies' option
All other browsers
Please consult your documentation or online help files.
Maintaining a secure experience on the internet.
We recommend that you keep your internet browsers updated at all times so regularly check for any updates available and install where applicable.
Further information about cookies
If you'd like to learn more about cookies in general and how to manage them, visit http://www.aboutcookies.org (opens in a new window/tab - this is an external website).
back to top
Privacy and Data Protection
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first. If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should contact us.
Homespares will hold your information for the purpose of administering your account and marketing. We may share the information within our group. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from Homespares, please contact us.
back to top