http://www.whsmith.co.uk/help/shopping-with-whsmith/order-delivery-and-collection/hel00009/
Your browser is currently not set to accept cookies. Please turn this functionality on or check if you have another program set to block cookies.
Close
icon-zoom-inicon-zoom-in
Home
Next
Help
Next
Shopping with WHSmith
Next
Delivery
Close
Refine Your Results By:
Refine by:
Category
Help
Shopping with WHSmith
Delivery
Go to Category: Delivery
Cancel
Apply
Order Delivery and Collection
How Much Does Delivery Cost and How Long Does it Take?
What is Click & Collect?
How Do I Get Free Delivery?
Why Are Some Delivery Options Not Available for my Order?
Where Do you Deliver to?
What Do your Partner Websites Charge for Delivery?
How Do I Arrange Delivery to a BFPO Address?
When will you Deliver my Magazine Subscription?
Where is my Order?
Order Delivery Options and Costs
The delivery charge that you pay and the time it takes for your order to arrive depends upon the type of product you order and which delivery option you choose.
We offer free UK standard delivery to your address or to stores for orders over £25 (eligible products only), and free delivery for all Magazine Subscription orders.
Check the table for our delivery charges.
Delivery Type
When Will It Arrive?
Cost
Standard Delivery
7 - 10 days
FREE for orders over £25 or £2.49
Next Working Day Delivery
Next working day (when ordered before 12pm noon, Monday-Thursday)
£4.99
Next Working Day Click & Collect
Before 5pm next working day (when ordered before 12pm noon, Monday-Thursday)
FREE for orders over £25 or £1.49
Magazine Subscriptions
This will vary by publisher. Please read further about Magazine Subscription Delivery here
FREE
Digital Downloads
Expected to arrive to your email inbox within 1 hour (please allow up to 3 days for email to arrive and remember to check your junk folder)
FREE
UK only. Expected delivery time frames apply to in-stock products only. Out of stock products, pre-orders and products with extended delivery times will vary dependent on individual availability.
All delivery options are not available for all products. See our list of exclusions for more details. Next day delivery orders placed Thursday afternoon, Friday, Saturday or Sunday will arrive by 5pm Tuesday.
Back to top
What is Click & Collect?
Click & Collect with WHSmith allows you to pay for your order online and pick it up from one of our stores when convenient for you!
With our FREE Same Day Click & Collect service, you can check online whether your local store has your item in stock and buy it for collection the same day if ordered before 4pm (dependent on store opening times). Our team in-store will put the item behind the counter for you, and send you a text when it's ready for you to pick up - usually within 2 hours. Simply show your order confirmation email to our staff to collect your item.
If your item is not in stock in your local store then you can order it to be delivered there with Next Working Day Click & Collect. Order before 12 midday and it will arrive in store before 5pm the next working day*.
Click & Collect is available across our 600+ WHSmith UK Highstreet stores. We also deliver to...
Most London Mainline Railway Stations - Euston, Liverpool Street Broadgate, London Bridge, Paddington, St Pancras, Victoria, Waterloo
Selected Regional Railway Stations - Aberdeen, Brighton, Edinburgh Waverley, Glasgow Queen Street, Manchester Piccadilly, Reading, York
Selected Hospitals - Lister Hospital, St Thomas Hospital and West Middlesex Hospital
Please be aware that due to changing government guidelines in response to Covid-19, some of the stores listed above may be temporarily closed and/or Click & Collect services may be temporarily unavailable. Check stores and opening times here
We’ll contact you by email or text when you order is ready to collect. Bring a copy of your collection notification email to the Click & Collect point in store to pick up your order. If you have a smartphone then you can show us the email on your phone instead of printing it out.
You will have 10 days to collect your order before it is automatically cancelled. Your card will be refunded in this case.
*Next Day Delivery orders placed Thursday afternoon, Friday, Saturday or Sunday will arrive by 5pm Tuesday.
Please note that Same Day Click & Collect orders can only be cancelled in store. If you cannot attend the store to cancel, then your order will auto-cancel after 10 days without collection and your card will be refunded.
Not all products are available for Click & Collect. Please check delivery options on the product page.
Back to top
How Do I Get Free Delivery?
Delivery is free when you spend over £25 when using Standard Delivery. Our Same Day Click & Collect service is also free to use.
If you are ordering a Magazine Subscription you will not be charged delivery. However, if you have additional items in your basket then you will be charged delivery for them as standard.
Back to top
Why Are Some Delivery Options Not Available for my Order?
There are some restrictions on how we deliver and to where. This is partly due to how our suppliers work, and partly to combat fraud. The delivery options available for your order are shown in your basket.
Some variations to delivery options:
WHSmith Gift Vouchers, National Book Tokens, Theatre Tokens and Magazine Subscriptions (excluding Gift packs) can only be delivered to a home or work address
Click & Collect is to WHSmith's UK High Street stores only. This excludes stores in most airports, railway stations, motorway services, hospitals and workplaces
Experience Gifts are only available with Standard Delivery
Magazine Subscriptions are only available with Standard Delivery, however if your order only contains a Magazine Subscription there is no delivery charge
Large items such as filing cabinets are not available for Click & Collect
We cannot deliver to any addresses outside the UK, although we can accept orders made overseas to be delivered to a UK address
Not all products at the current time are available for next day delivery to home or store. Available delivery options will be displayed on your basket page.
Back to top
Where Do You Deliver To?
WHSmith delivers to UK addresses. This means:
England (including the Isle of Man, Isle of Wight and Isles of Scilly)
Scotland (including the Orkney and Shetland Islands)
Wales
Northern Ireland
BFPO addresses (British Forces Post Office)
any WHSmith high street store (not stores at airports and train stations, for example)
Your delivery will be sent to the delivery address you gave when you confirmed your order.
Although we don't deliver to addresses outside the UK, we can take orders from overseas to deliver to UK addresses.
Back to top
What Do Partner Website Charge for Delivery?
Our partner sites, such as FunkyPigeon.com, have their own delivery charges so check their delivery information before you order.
Back to top
How Do I Arrange Delivery to a BFPO Address?
To deliver orders to BFPO (British Forces Post Office) locations, manually enter the address on the delivery page in checkout. Postcode look-up will not find BFPO addresses.
Back to top
When Will You Deliver my Magazine Subscription?
Your magazine subscription will usually start with the next available issue and will not normally be the current issue that is available in the shops now.
For weekly magazines it may take between 3-5 weeks for the first issue to arrive once your order has been confirmed by the publisher. For monthly magazines it may take between 5-9 weeks for the first issue to arrive once your order has been confirmed by the publisher. For bi-monthly and quarterly magazines please allow up to 13 weeks. Orders for magazines printed outside of the UK may take an additional 2-3 weeks.
Please be aware that magazine free gifts may not be included for subscription customers, and that any gifts that are included will be sent separately and may not arrive at the same time as your magazine. Please allow up to 6 weeks for delivery.
Back to top
Where is my Order?
If you have a WHSmith Account, then you can track your order online by logging in.
If you don't have an account, then you will need to contact our Customer Services Team for an update on your order's progress.
Back to top
My Question is Not Answered Here. What Do I Do?
We may have the answer on another help page - you can check our FAQs here.
Still need help? Contact our Customer Services team
Back to top
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Help Center
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
1 - 8
of
8
Results
Sort by
Popularity
Bestseller
Lowest Price
Highest Price
Release Date
Go
We value your privacy
By clicking 'Accept' you are agreeing to our use of cookies for content personalisation, analytics, navigation and marketing purposes. To find out more about how WHSmith use cookies
Read our cookie policy.
Accept Cookies
Your Cookie Preferences
We use different types of cookies to optimize your experience on our website. Click on the categories
below to learn more about their purpose. You can change your cookie permissions at any time. Remember
that disabling cookies may affect your experience on the website. Please read our Cookie Policy.
Essential Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with the services available through our websites and
to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
An example of an essential cookie: __cfduid
Performance Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are
non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may
become unavailable.
An example of an performance cookie: _gat_UA-533522-1
Marketing Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you. They perform functions like
preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for
advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
An example of an marketing cookie: uuid
Unclassified Cookies
These are cookies that have not yet been categorized. We are in the process of classifying these cookies
with the help of their providers.
Managing Cookies
Manage In Chrome
Manage In Explorer
Manage In Safari
Manage In Firefox
Accept All Cookies