http://www.certifiedmint.com/privacy.htm
Gold Eagle Coins
Krugerrand Gold Coins
Gold Bullion Bars
Buying Gold Coins, Bars
About Gold Investments
Silver Eagle Coins
Junk US Silver Coins
Silver Bullion Bars
How to Buy Silver Bullion
About Silver Investments
Learn about investing in precious metals
Bullion Coin Guide
Gold Bullion Coins
Silver Bullion and Coins
Old U.S. Gold Coins
Modern Platinum Bullion Coins
Myths, Misunderstandings, and Outright Lies
Spot Prices
Commentary Archive
FREE Daily Spot Prices
Enter Email:
*Notice: The information you provide will not be shared with any third party. In addition, you will not be contacted with any other information than that you have agreed to by entering your email address and choosing the list you wish to receive on the next page.
About CMI Gold & Silver, Inc.
Doing Business with CMI
Glossary of Terms
Survival Coins
Legal / Disclaimer
Contact Us
Gold coins, gold bullion, silver coins, and silver bullion are the best investments for gold and silver investors. The best gold bullion coins and silver bullion coins are summarized on this page. For more information on gold and silver bullion and coins, visit other pages on this Web site.
"Precious metals have had value in all civilizations, have survived all financial crises, and can be expected to do the same in the future.
However, it is to all investors' interests that they know what they are doing before investing in precious metals."
Bill Haynes
President
CMI Gold & Silver, Inc.
Does your gold have to be reported?
NO!
Gold purchases do not have to be reported.
This myth is so pervasive that CMI feels obligated to clarify this misunderstanding repeatedly.
See Myths, Misunderstandings, and Outright Lies to learn about the pitfalls of investing in precious metals.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
We do not use cookies.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.cmi-gold-silver.com/terms.html
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.cmi-gold-silver.com
3800 N. Central Ave. 11th Floor
Phoenix, Arizona 85012
United States of America
info@cmigs.com
Quick Links
Industry Links
Spot Prices
Contact CMI
Modern Gold Bullion Coins
Silver Coins and Silver Bullion
American Gold Eagle Coins
Austrian Philharmonic Gold Coins
Australian Kangaroos Gold Coins
Canadian Gold Maple Leaf Coins
Buffalo Gold Coins
Lunar Collector Coins
Ludwig von Mises Institute
LewRockwell.com
The Silver Institute
Mineweb
Dow Theory Letters
King World News
Have spot prices emailed to you daily along with industry related articles and commentary.
-No Spam-Your information is never sold-Easy unsubscribe
Sign Up Today
800-528-1380
7:00 am to 5:00 pm MST
Link to Us
Links
Home
About CMIGS
Contact Us
Gold
Silver
Platinum
Palladium
Glossary
Spot Prices
Survival Coins
Gold & Silver in your IRA
Doing Business with CMIGS
Old U.S. Coins
Privacy
Branding and Marketing Services by KODA