http://www.mysteryranch.com/privacy-policy
Effective date: October 5th, 2020At Mystery Ranch, we respect your right to keep your personal information private. We wrote this Privacy Policy to make sure you understand the type of information we collect, when we collect it, how we use it, and finally your rights to access it. This information may be collected through the mail, Mystery Ranchs retail store and wholesale accounts, MysteryRanch.com and other websites that link to this Privacy Policy, and any mobile services or applications offered by Mystery Ranch.In sum, this Privacy Policy explains: 1) what information Mystery Ranch and its parent, subsidiary, and affiliate companies (collectively, "Mystery Ranch", "we", or "us") collects and why we collect it; 2) how we use this information; and, 3) how you can access this information, update it, or correct it.Please read this policy carefully!What Information We Collect and Why We Collect ItPersonally Identifiable Information ("PII")Depending on how you interact with our website, we may need to collect "personally identifiable information" ("PII"). This PII can include information such as your name, your contact information, your shipping information, and your billing information (such as credit card account data). We may also collect non-personally identifiable information (Non-PII), which is information that cannot be directly associated with you.We collect PII when you provide it to us through your use of MysteryRanch.com (e.g. when you create an account, purchase a product, sign up for our email newsletter, etc.) or when you call in an order to our customer service team and give any personally identifiable information over the phone to an employee or contractor of Mystery Ranch. Note: This also applies to individual and bulk custom OEM orders placed through MysteryRanch.com or a call-in order.In addition, we may combine the PII and Non-PII we collect from you with additional information provided by third-parties (such as signing up for or linking a Google or Facebook account). While we would never consciously collect or obtain data about our customers in an unethical manner, we will not be held responsible if we inadvertently obtain data from a third-party source that was collected in an unethical manner. However, if we learn that any third-party PII was collected unethically, we will cease using such data and will take steps to prevent our collecting that PII again. Please contact a Mystery Ranch customer service representative if you think your PII was provided to or collected from a third-party in an unethical manner.Finally, we will not collect your PII unless you give us express or implied consent to do so in the first place. For more information on the differences between express vs. implied consent, check out this website provided by Canadas Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) enforcement agency: www.crtc.gc.ca/eng/internet/infograph.htm.If you decide you would like us to stop collecting your PII, simply contact a Mystery Ranch customer service representative or click here. We will also seek to comply with customer Do Not Track (DNT) requests submitted through their web browsers pursuant to the California Online Privacy and Protection Act (CalOPPA). You can learn more about submitting such DNT requests within your web browser here: https://termsfeed.com/do-not-track.Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("Non-PII")As we mentioned above, Non-PII is information that cannot be directly associated with you. We automatically collect certain Non-PII when you use Mystery Ranch services. For example, we collect information about the devices you use to connect to our services (such as the IP address of your computer, the numeric identifier of your mobile device, or whether you are accessing our website via VPN or Proxy) and about how you use Mystery Ranch services (such as what time of day you visit our website). Our advertisers and ad servicers may also collect Non-PII outside Mystery Ranch services to measure the success of our digital advertising campaigns. We use the Non-PII that we collect for a variety of purposes such as to provide and improve Mystery Ranch services, to prevent fraudulent access to and hacking of our website, and to analyze and improve our advertising to provide the most relevant messages to our current and potential customers.The PII we collect is used to provide, analyze, and improve our services (e.g. process, fulfill, and ship orders, respond to customer service requests, make changes to current orders, etc.) and to conduct marketing across print and digital mediums. If you willingly subscribe ("opt in") to our email list, we will send you periodic emails about a variety of topics including, but not limited to: store events, new products, special sales, blog content, company updates, employment opportunities, etc.We share email activity data with our marketing email provider (MailChimp) to help them better target our marketing emails to our customers. While our marketing email provider has access to email addresses and email activity and may share bulk/non-specific activity data (e.g. Non-PII), no email addresses, specific email actions, or other PII are ever shared with other third parties. Should a consumer wish to opt out of this sharing, that consumer simply needs to opt out of marketing email from us and will be promptly removed from all email lists. There is an Unsubscribe link in the bottom of each email we send out or you may contact a Mystery Ranch customer service representativeNote: Mystery Ranch endeavors to abide by the principles of the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield framework. More information on the protections this affords you and your PII can be found here: www.privacyshield.gov/welcomeAnalytics and Digital ToolsOur website also uses third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics. Please click here for more information about how data is collected and processed in connection with our Google Analytics service: www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/.Mystery Ranch and our third-party vendors or partners use analytics data for a variety of purposes such as to improve the design and content of our websites, to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to all of our visitors and what promotions visitors like to see, and to gauge the success of our advertising campaigns.In addition to Google Analytics, we use a number of data collection and advertising platforms and services that help us make informed decisions about our websites layouts, content, offerings, and advertising. These include, but are not limited to:All Google advertising and analytics platforms (e.g. Google Analytics, Google AdWords, DoubleClick, Google Tag Manager, Google Optimize, etc.). These are used to collect data about user behavior on the site and to market to users through paid search and display campaigns. You can explore your options to opt out of Google advertising by clicking here: www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/#infochoices or here: www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb#display_optout.Retargeting tools like Google Dynamic Remarketing. These use pixels to track users and enable us to advertise to visitors who have visited the site previously. You can learn about your choices to opt out of these services on the Google link provided above or here: www.adroll.com/about/privacy.Affiliate marketing tools like AvantLink. You can learn more about AvantLink and its policies and practices here: www.avantlink.com/privacy.Location-driven services for our website and mobile platform provided by such tools as Locally.com. You can learn more about Locally.com and its policies here: www.locally.com/privacy.3rd-party social media management platforms such as Sprout Social. You can learn more about Sprout Social and its policies here: https://sproutsocial.com/privacy-policy.Facebook and its advertising and social media platforms. You can learn more about Facebooks privacy policies and remarketing by clicking here: https://www.facebook.com/about/basics/advertising.Search analytics tools like SEMrush. These collect data about the websites search engine rankings and general comparisons to competitors. Specific metrics include number of website visits, pages visited, backlinks and keyword usage. You can learn about your choices to opt out of SEMrush services by clicking here: https://www.semrush.com/company/legal/privacy-policy.Online marketing and automation platforms like the Tadpull Pond. You can learn more about Tadpull and its policies here: https://www.tadpull.com/privacy-policyReal-time fraud analysis and location data provided by MaxMind. You can learn more about MaxMind and its practices here: www.maxmind.com/en/privacy_policy.Collection, display, and distribution of content provided by Bazaarvoice. You can learn more about Bazaarvoice and its practices here: www.bazaarvoice.com/legal/privacy-policy/.Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our customers' experience and to optimize our service (e.g. how much time our customers spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, and generally what our customers do and dont like, etc.). This enables us to better build and maintain our service with customer feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our customers behavior and their devices -- in particular device's IP address, which is captured and stored only in anonymized form. We also collect data on device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and preferred language used to display our website. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized customer profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual customers or to match it with further data on an individual customer. For further details, please see Hotjars privacy policy by clicking on this link. You can opt-out to the creation of a customer profile, Hotjars storing of data about your usage of our site, and Hotjars use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.Bolt is a supplemental e-commerce checkout platform provided by Bolt Financial, Inc. The Bolt platform addresses the problems retailers face with optimizing conversions, managing hundreds of integrations, and the rising risk of fraud. You can learn more about Bolt and its policies and practices here: www.bolt.com/privacy/.Note: You can learn about generally opting out of a variety of online advertising services by visiting the following websites:http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/http://optout.aboutads.info/#/We do not disclose your PII to third parties, except as follows. In all cases, you will be given notice and an opportunity to decide whether to share you PIITo companies that provide services to us or perform functions on our behalf (such as processing credit card payments or taking orders) and have agreed to use your information only for the purposes we request;For us to send offers to our customers on behalf of our affiliated companies and on behalf of other non-affiliated partners;When we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, legal process, and/or governmental authorities;When we believe disclosure is necessary to enforce our privacy policy and other agreements, or to protect our rights, our customers, our property, our employees, or others; andIf we are involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, partial or total sale of assets, or other corporate change.For reasons mentioned previously in this Privacy Policy, we may disclose de-identified, aggregated, or other Non-PII to third parties.Note: Mystery Ranch seeks to work with third parties that abide by the principles of the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield framework. More information on the protections this affords you and your PII can be found here: www.privacyshield.gov/welcomeYour ChoicesWith your PII and Non-PII, you have the option to change, correct, or delete your information as well as the choice of not hearing from us again. You may deactivate your profile and user account with us. There are also several ways you can control our use of your PII and Non-PII in connection with marketing and promotions.To deactivate your profile and user accountSimply login to your profile at MysteryRanch.com. There you can either go to "Settings" to deactivate your account, or submit a "New Case" to our customer service representatives requesting account deactivation. You may also contact a Mystery Ranch customer service representative using the contact information below.To remove your name from our customer lists.You can choose to decline communications from us at the point we request your PII. Or, after we have collected your PII, you can choose to stop our communications, or stop us from sharing your information with other companies for their marketing purposes. To exercise any of these options, please either refer to the "opt out" information provided above or contact a Mystery Ranch customer service representative using the contact information below.To stop email communications. If you receive email communications from us and want to opt out of receiving such communications in the future, you can click the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the promotional email.Social media, reviews, and the information you post.It is your choice whether you want to post your PII to social media or other public platforms (we dont recommend it). Just remember that the information you share about yourself, whether PII or not, in a public open forum will be considered public information for the purposes of this policy. This also includes your choice to post reviews of Mystery Ranch products on public platforms (note: a Mystery Ranch customer service representative may reach out to you regarding your reviews). If you dont want your information to be public, please dont post it to one of our social channels, on our website, or on third-party social media platforms. We will not be held liable if others use the information you post in an unethical, obscene, or inappropriate way. If you do decide to post your information, be sure to check the privacy policies or terms of use of third-parties prior to posting on their platforms. Contact a Mystery Ranch customer service representative if you are unable to remove PII that you have posted to one of our social channels or website.Other choices.Please see below to learn about your choices regarding our use of cookies and interest-based advertising.Correcting or Updating Your InformationIf you would like to request changes to the PII that you have previously provided to us, you may either do so through your customer account settings, email preferences, or by contacting a Mystery Ranch customer service representative using the contact information below.CookiesWe may use "cookies," "web beacons," and other similar technologies to collect information in connection with Mystery Ranch services and our advertisements. Our partners and third-party vendors may use cookies as well, including, but not limited to Bazaarvoice. A "cookie" is a computer file that acts as an identification card for your computer to distinguish your browser from others and enable us to serve you better. For example, we use cookies to save products in your shopping cart while you browse our website and to track the effectiveness of our marketing and advertising campaigns. Similarly, a "web beacon" is a technology that can recognize specific cookies and convey information about that browser. We do not use these technologies to collect PII.Most browsers accept cookies automatically. You may be able to set your browser to reject and/or delete cookies. For instructions, check your browsers technical information. However, bear in mind if you reject or delete cookies then this may disable or interfere with features of Mystery Ranch services offered through MysteryRanch.com or other websites you visit. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on so we can offer you a better shopping experience on our sites. Interest-Based AdvertisingWe may work with third-party advertising companies that collect and use information about your online activities across sites over time in order to deliver more relevant advertising when you are using Mystery Ranch services and elsewhere on the Internet. This practice is known as interest-based advertising.You may visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#/ or http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ to learn more and to opt out of this type of advertising by companies participating in the Digital Advertising Alliance self-regulatory program. We do not operate or control these sites, and are not responsible for the opt out choices available there. Note that electing to opt out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. If you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies or use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt out choice.Mobile Site Access and Location Based ServicesMystery Ranchs website, our services, and tools can be accessed using a mobile device. This Privacy Policy applies to all such mobile access.When you access our website or services using your mobile device, we may receive certain information related to your location and your mobile device. This information allows us to provide you with location based services, better search results, and other personalized content. You can always opt out of or modify your mobile devices location services in the settings menu. If you are unsure about how to change or disable your devices location services, please contact your mobile service carrier or device manufacturer.ChildrenMinors Under 13The online experience, services, and products offered through MysteryRanch.com are not intended for the use of individuals under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect information online from individuals under the age of 13.Minors Over 13Minors between the ages of 13 and 18 need parental consent to make authorized, legal purchase from MysteryRanch.com or use any of our services. We are not liable if this privilege is abused and we request that parents monitor their children when accessing our website, products, and services.Links to Third Parties and Social MediaOur website may contain links to third-party online properties. Such third parties have their own policies that govern their collection, use, and disclosure of information. We suggest that you read their privacy policies to learn about their practices. Social media provides tools that many of our customers use and enjoy, and we include links to various social media platforms on our websites. If you interact with these social media tools through our websites, your experience on those social media sites will be governed by the privacy and other policies of those sites. So, the privacy settings you have chosen on those sites will determine the degree to which your information is made public. We encourage you to review each social media sites privacy policies prior to using their services and to adjust your privacy settings on each site according to your individual wishes.For example, here are links to Facebook, Google (including YouTube), Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagrams privacy policies  all companies that Mystery Ranch works with frequently (and provides links to on our website):www.facebook.com/about/basicswww.google.com/policies/privacyhttps://twitter.com/en/privacywww.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policyhttps://vimeo.com/privacyhttps://policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policyhttps://help.instagram.com/155833707900388Keeping Your PII SafeAt Mystery Ranch we understand that a privacy policy is only effective if we abide by the terms we have spelled out. To that end, we have endeavored to institute reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative measures to safeguard the security of your personal information. If you feel that your information isnt safe or that we are not otherwise abiding by our own policies, please contact us immediately (contact information below).However, when you do communicate with our customer service representatives via email or social media, these communications may not be encrypted or otherwise protected. For that reason, we ask that you do not include or share sensitive information via these communication channels.Whats Changed? Updates to our Privacy Policy.Mystery Ranch may change our privacy policy from time to time. We will post all changes to this webpage and place a notification on our homepage. If you have provided us with your email address, we will also send you a notice. Unless we obtain your express consent, any significant policy changes will apply only to information collected after the new policy becomes effective. The new policy will not apply to any information collected under any earlier privacy policies. Please check this webpage for updates and changes regularly. As our privacy policies evolve, you will be able to access prior versions here.Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can email, write, or call us. If you email us, you will receive an automated receipt confirming we received your inquiry. A real, live human will make every effort to respond within 2 business days of the date you submitted your inquiry.Mystery Ranch 1750 Evergreen Drive Bozeman, MT 59715 Phone: 833.548.1999 CONTACT US ONLINE >