http://www.bjcraftsupplies.com/help.asp?hid=06
Menu
Home
Craft Supplies
Basics
Beads
Belts
Bolo Supplies
Clocks
Cords
Dolls
Floral Supplies
Holiday
Jewelry Findings
Kits
Lamp & Lighting
Miniatures
Music
Party & Shower Supplies
Patterns (Free)
Plastic Canvas
Rhinestones
Sequin
Sewing
Windchimes
Wooden
Site Map
What's New
Site Helps
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms of Service
Information Privacy Policy
How To Order
Abbreviations & Sizing Information
Print Order Form
Testimonials
Shipping Information
Other Resources
Site Map
Search
We continue to be open and are shipping orders daily.We sincerely thank you for supporting family owned small business America!
Quality Craft Supplies Ranging From the Usual to the Not So Usual, Delivered To Your DoorExcellent Customer Service - Fast Shipping - Online since 1994!
Have a Craft Question? Post it on our Facebook page!
Ordering and Payment Information
Helpful Links
* Terms of Service
* How to Order
* Sales Tax
* Our Mailing Address
* How to Pay
* Return Policy
* Priority Processing
* Currency Conversion
* Shipping Charges
* Our Privacy Policy
* Refund Policy
* Undeliverable Packages
We strive hard to process your order within 24 hours. However, during the holiday season, generally from August - December, our processing times may take from 2-3 days because of the high volume of orders we receive. Please be sure to place your order early during this time.
We fill all orders in the order in which they were received, however, we will process rush orders if requested. Plese read below for more information about Priority Processing.
Orders will be shipped after payment has been received. Be sure to read our Shipping Policy.
Ordering Instructions:
Please read this entire page before ordering. By placing an order with us you are acknowledging that you have read and agree to abide by our Terms of Service .   Your order cannot be processed if full payment, including shipping charges is not received.  Texas residents only must include sales tax or sales tax exemption information.  We currently accept orders by fax, shopping cart, or regular mail only. We now ship to the U.S., Canada, U.K., Australia and other countries. Please do not send your credit card information by email.  Regular email is not a secure medium.  We are not responsible for any problems or losses resulting from sending your credit card information via email.
We now offer a convenient shopping cart for you, however we do not yet have an automated tracking system.
For your convenience we also provide an easy to use order form. We will accept orders in your own format, however, please be sure to include all of the information required to fill your order and include a note that you have read and agree to abide by our Terms of Service. Failure to include all necessary information may result in delays due to lack of needed information or errors when filling your order.
Minimum order amount:
When faxing an order be sure to contact us to verify that we received your fax AND that it is legible. If we cannot read your fax we can't even call you to let you know that there is a problem. If we do not receive your fax we won't even know that you are waiting for an order that will never come. Our fax number and email address are listed below.Product Variances and Product Count Variances: Please read our Terms of Service for information.
Click here for a printable Order form
Back to Top
Information to include with your order:
To insure that your order will be shipped and that you will receive the correct items in your order the following information must be included with every item ordered:
Your name, your full shipping address, and zip code. For your protection, if paying by credit card, we also require your credit card billing address and CVC number from the back of your card to prevent fraud and theft. A valid day time phone number or email address is required to be able to contact you should we have a question about your order. Your order WILL be delayed if we are unable to contact you about a problem.
Your information is safe with us. Please be assured that we NEVER use your phone number or email address for anything other than contacting you regarding your order.
If you prefer not to provide us with a phone number or email address then we ask that you call us the next day to make sure we had no problems filling your order or processing your payment.
Item # and Description of product
Color # and Name of color (if applicable)
Quantity of items/packages/sets ordered
Be sure that you understand how many pieces come in each item/package/set ordered.
Example: If there 10 pieces in a package and you want 20 pieces you will order 2 packages. BJ's Craft Supplies is not responsible for misstated quantities ordered.
Price per each item/package/set
Signed order form. You must sign your order form where indicated regardless of your payment method if you are faxing or mailing your order to us..
We are not responsible for the accuracy of any order that does not contain all of the above information.  Please read our Terms of Service for more information.
Back to Top
Priority Processing:
We fill all orders in the order in which they were received. However, Priority Processing service is now offered to those who need their order processed immediately. Priority Processing
insures that your order will be processed and be readied for shipping on the same day that your order is received. Due to USPS route schedules orders filled after 9am may not ship until next day.
Your order will be shipped out by regular shipping methods* on the same day if received by 9am (Central Time). Orders received after 9am with Priority Processing will ship next day.
Priority Processing DOES NOT include any type of special or rush shipping arrangements. Rush shipping charges are additional and must be specifically requested by the customer. If you need your order to be shipped using an overnight service we must receive your order by 9am Central Time.
* Regular shipping methods
are via USPS.
Priority Processing is $5.00, non refundable.
Back to Top
Payments:
We currently accept payment in U.S. currency only, in the form of credit card* and PayPal.
Effective December 1, 2013 we no longer accept checks.
Sorry, but we are unable to accept C.O.D. orders at this time. Payment is due at the time you place your order.
There will be a $40.00 charge added to all checks returned for any reason.
Mail payments to the address listed below.
*We accept Discover, MasterCard, and Visa credit cards.  For your protection all credit card orders should be sent to us by phone, fax, or regular mail.  ***DO NOT send your credit card information by unsecure email. Due to increasing fraud and theft problems with credit cards we have increased our security. For your protection and for ours, if paying by credit card, we now require and verify your credit card billing address and CVC number from the back of your card. We cannot accept your credit card without this information. We reserve the right to refuse your payment by credit card if we suspect an authorized usage problem.
Currency Conversion: (click here for offsite currency conversion website)
We provide a link to this currency conversion website as a courtesy only. We are in no way affilliated with their site. You may find this site helpful to use as a gauge for converting currency into US Dollars.  BJ's Craft Supplies is not responsible for any erroneous information that may be supplied by them.
***We are not responsible for any losses or damage resulting from a customer sending his credit card information in email.
We accept orders from verified PayPal accounts only.  Be sure to include a daytime phone number, your name, and enough information with your PayPal payment so that we can match up your payment with your order, if sent separately. Failure to provide enough information for us to match up your payment with your order will result in unnecessary delays of processing your order.
Back to Top
Sales Tax:
Texas residents and packages shipping to Texas addresses
must add 6.25% sales tax to their order. Residents of other states do not pay Texas Sales Taxes.
Exemptions: If you are shipping to Texas and are exempt from Texas sales tax we must have a copy of your tax exemption on file before your order ships in order to remove tax from your order. You may mail or fax it to us at the number or address below.
Back to Top
Mailing address and other contact information:
Address:
BJ's Craft Supplies
661 Abrameit Rd
Goliad, TX  77963
Phone:
(361)   645-3325
Email:
Contact Us
Hours:
Back to Top
MENU
Home
Craft Basics
Beads
Belt Buckles
Bolo Making Supplies
Clock Parts
Cords
Doll Making Supplies
Floral
Holiday Crafts
Instruction Books
Jewelry Making Supplies
Kits
Lamp & Lighting
Miniatures
Music
Party Supplies
Patterns (Free)
Plastic Canvas Menu
Rhinestones
Scrapbooking
Sequins
Sewing Supplies
Wind Chimes and Parts
Wood
Information and Help
Search this Site
What's New
Site Map
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Order
Shipping Rates
Terms of Service
Sizing Information
Clearances / Sales
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Print an Order Form
Terms of Service
Ask a Question
Contact Us
Craft Supplies Home
Links
Fun Craft Patterns
Looking for patterns and ideas for your next craft project?
Chic Clara's Crafting Corner
Fun crafting projects blog with a unique name!
Add your website link here.
Add a permanent link to your craft related website on every page of our website. Contact us for more details.
See What We Are Doing on Facebook!
Follow Us @_craftsupplies
What is Priority Processing?
Decorative Craft Mirrors
Decorative craft mirrors are perfect for projects where small mirrors are needed. We have both glass mirrors and acrylic mirrors in assorted sizes and shapes. Accent big mirrors with small stick on mirrors for a special look.
Wood Doll Heads
Assorted wood doll heads for your project in a variety of sizes and styles.
ID Badges and Supplies
Lanyards, badge holders, retractable badge holders, name tags, dangler clips and other id badge supplies.
Clear Fillable Plastic Ornaments
Fillable plastic ornaments make a unique personalized decoration. These clear plastic fillable ornaments are ideal for filling with candy, toys, decorations, potpourri, and more.Versatile for any holiday theme!
Curling Ribbon
Curling ribbon is perfect for creating great crafts and dressing up packages in a variety of colors. Use several colors together for a custom look.
Frequently Asked Questions
What's New
Contact Us
Shipping Rates
Print an Order Form
Terms of Service
Abbreviations
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Sizing Information
Links
How to Order
Testimonials
Search
© Copyright, 1994-2020, BJ's Craft Supplies, All rights reserved, Craft Supply Depot.   661 Abrameit Rd, Goliad, TX  77963. 361.645-3325         h000