http://www.amergold.com/about-age/privacy-policy.php
Questions? Call 1-800-613-9323
Se Habla Espa&ntildeol       Free Shipping on Orders $999+
Gold+
Pre-1933 US Gold Coins
$20 Liberty Double Eagle
$20 Saint-Gaudens Double Eagle
$10 Liberty Eagle
$10 Indian Eagle
$5 Liberty Half Eagle
$5 Indian Half Eagle
$3 Princess Coin
$2.50 Liberty Quarter Eagle
$2.50 Indian Quarter Eagle
US Gold Coins by Date
European & World Gold Coins
Argentina Gold 5 Peso
Belgium Gold 20 Franc
Brazil Gold 10,000 Reis
Brazil Gold 20,000 Reis
Britain Gold Sovereign
Denmark Gold 20 Kroner
France Gold 20 Franc
France Gold 40 Franc
France Gold 50 Franc
France Gold 100 Franc
Germany Gold 20 Mark
Italy Gold 20 Lire
Netherlands Gold 10 Guilder
Sweden Gold 20 Kronor
Switzerland Gold 20 Franc
Uruguay Gold 5 Peso
World Gold & Silver Coins by Date
Gold Bullion Coins
U.S. Gold Eagle, BU
U.S. Gold Eagle, Certified
U.S. Gold Eagle, Proof
U.S. Gold Buffalo, BU
U.S. Gold Buffalo, Certified
Canada Gold Maple Leaf, BU
South Africa Gold Krugerrand, BU
Austria Gold Philharmonic, BU
PAMP Fortuna 1 oz gold bar
View All Gold
Silver+
Silver Bullion Coins & Bars
U.S. Silver Eagle, BU
U.S. Silver Eagle, Certified
Canada Silver Maple Leaf, BU
Britain Silver Britannia, BU
Austria Silver Philharmonic, BU
S. Africa Silver Krugerrands, BU
1 oz Buffalo Silver Rounds
Canada Silver Dollar, BU
RCM 100 oz Silver Bar
Asahi 100 oz Silver Bar
Mexico Silver Peso Set, BU
US 90% "Junk" Silver Coins
Classic US Silver Coins
Morgan Silver Dollar
Morgan Dollar 10-Coin Sets
1921 Morgan Silver Dollar
Peace Silver Dollar
US Silver Coins by Date
World Gold & Silver by Date
View All Silver
Platinum & Palladium+
American Platinum Eagle, BU
American Platinum Eagle, Certified
Canadian Platinum Maple Leaf
Valcambi Suisse Platinum Bar
American Palladium Eagle, BU
Canadian Palladium Maple Leaf
View All Platinum & Palladium
Hot Deals+
Gold & Silver Specials
Coin Collector's Grab Bag
Trade-in Blowouts
Featured Rare Coins
Gold News & Info+
Daily Gold Update
Live Gold News
AGE Gold Commentary
Historical Bullion Charts
1-Year Bullion Charts
US Gold Coin Charts
US Gold Coin Mintages
Definition of Value
About Certified Coins
Gold & Silver Videos & Podcasts
About AGE+
Customer reviews
Why Partner with AGE?
Our Guarantee
How to Buy
How to Sell
How to Ship
Precious Metals IRA
Sales Tax Policy
Accessibility
Privacy Policy
Services by Appointment
Contact
Call 800-613-9323
(0)
Home > About AGE > AGE Privacy Policy
AGE Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the amergold.com website. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
We purge this information from our webserver within 2 or 3 days of receiving it.
We do not collect credit card numbers.
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when you place an order or request information only to aid in fulfilling that order or request. We do not share this information with outside parties.
We use email addresses for internal marketing and customer service only. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and marketing materials.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We do not collect credit card numbers.
reCAPTCHA v3
To fight spam and abuse on our site, AGE has implemented reCAPTCHA v3 from Google to verify that you are not a robot when you submit forms. The use of re-CAPTCHA v3 is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (800) 613-9323 or send us an email at info@amergold.com.