https://www.electronicadventure.us/privacy.htm
In business since 1987 with over 400,000 remotes in stock!
Home Page
About Us
FAQ
Warranty
Return Policy
Blog
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Our Commitment:
ElectronicAdventure.us is strongly committed to your right to
privacy and to keeping your personal and financial information secure. We encourage you to read our privacy statement to understand what
types of personally identifiable information we collect and how we use this
information.
Information collected by
ElectronicAdventure.us and how it is used:
ElectronicAdventure.us only collects the necessary personally
identifiable information in order to respond to your requests for our products
and services. Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited
to, first and last name, physical address, e-mail address, phone number, credit
card number, and any other information that itself identifies or when tied to
the above information, may identify you as a specific individual.
This website does not collect personally identifiable
information about you except when you specifically and knowingly provide it.
Occasionally, this website may send emails to it's current customers with
special offers directly from this website pertaining to items from this website.
ElectronicAdventure.us may disclose personally
identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief
that such action is necessary to (i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply
with legal process served on the site or its owners; (ii) protect and defend the
rights or property of the site-owners, the site or the users of
ElectronicAdventure.us, and (iii) act under exigent circumstances to
protect the personal safety of users of ElectronicAdventure.us,
the site, its owners, or the public.
Other Websites:
The ElectronicAdventure.us site contains links to other websites.
ElectronicAdventure.us is not responsible for the privacy
practices or the content of such websites.
Notify Us:
If at any time you believe that ElectronicAdventure.us or its
users/members have not adhered to these principles, please notify
ElectronicAdventure.us by e-mail at
privacy@electronicadventure.us
and we will use all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and
correct the problem.
Google Analytics:
The following Google Analytics Advertising features have been enabled on this site:
·
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
By enabling the Advertising Features, Google Analytics collects data about your traffic via Google advertising cookies and identifiers, in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation. We will not identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information collected through any Google advertising product or feature. No attempt to disaggregate data that Google reports in aggregate will be made.
This data is only used for the purposes of better understanding our users in aggregate. The main goal of gathering this information is to provide a better shopping experience for the end user.
If this is a concern to you in any way we encourage you to use Google Analytics' currently available opt-outs for the web.
return to
remote controls main page