http://www.allterrainco.com/privacypolicy.html
Repellents | Sunscreens | Itch Relief | Bandages | Topical First Aid | Soaps | Sanitizers | Kids
HomeWho We AreMission and HistoryOur ValuesPerformance EffectivelyCaring About KidsProductsRepellentsSunscreensItch ReliefBandagesTopical First AidSoapsSanitizersKidsBuying All TerrainOur On-line StoreReturn PolicyThe BuzzMagazine MentionsCustomer TestimonialsThank You All TerrainPress ReleaseJoin Our JourneyShare Your AdventuresShare Your ExperienceBecome a FanFollow UsContact UsFeedbackPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Rosemont Ventures, Inc. d/b/a All Terrain (referred to as "All Terrain," "we," "us," or "our") recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of certain information ("Information") collected about our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "Customers," "you," or "your").  This privacy policy (“Policy”) discloses what Information we gather via www.allterrainco.com (the “Site”), how we use it, and how to correct or change it.  This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that All Terrain does not own or control, or individuals that All Terrain does not employ or manage, even if such companies or individuals are linked to the Site.
Please note, if you provide us with your email address or phone number, we or our representative may send you a follow-up email or phone call.
Effective Date
The effective date of this Policy is April 29, 2011.
Information Collected and How Is It Used
The information we gather from you enables us to provide you with services, maintain and improve the Site and to process your and other users’ requests.  Information gathered may include the following:
1. Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on the Site.  The types of Information collected may include your name, address, birth date, preferences, content, credit card information, website usages and other demographic information.  You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but this may limit your ability to take advantage of certain services or features offered on the Site or offline.  The Information you provide is used for responding to your requests for certain information, products and services, customizing the advertising and content you see, processing payments and communicating with you about payments, services and features.  We may choose to disclose nonpublic personal information about you, the consumer, to a third party for compensation.
2. Information that You Disclose or Post, or Allow Others to Disclose or Post:
Any Information, including photographs, videos or other content, that you voluntarily disclose on or through the Site is public information that will be collected and used by All Terrain and may be collected and used by others.
3. Information Collected Automatically:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Site.  We may automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, pages visited and your location on the Site.
Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Site and its components.  We may provide Information to third parties about how our site is used.
If you are logged in, then we may associate your information with your Site account.  We may also place tags, or web beacons, in HTML-based emails or other communications with you to confirm delivery, to track communications or uses of the Site.
Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously.  While you may not be able to use the Site, or to all features of the Site if you use such programs, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
4. Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data generated by a website and stored on your computer. We may use cookies to track unique visits to our Site. This simply means that visits to the Site can be uniquely identified and tracked from page to page. We may also use cookies to keep visitors logged into secure areas as they navigate from page to page on the Site. This eliminates the need to log in multiple times during your visit. We may also use cookies to help our Site remember preferences or settings you may set.
Most browsers have an option for turning off cookies, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.  We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of the Site’s most attractive features.
5. Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses: An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet so that your computer can be identified by web servers.
All Terrain and/or its affiliates may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregated Information to our affiliates, and to audit the use of our site. When you request pages from All Terrain and/or its affiliates' sites, our servers may log your IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, which means that your session will be logged, but that you will remain anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify you if and when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Site terms of use or terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers or others.
6. Information From Other Sources:
All Terrain might receive and store information about you that is sent to us from other sources.  This may include updated delivery and address information from vendors with regard to your email address.
7. Email and Phone Communications:
You may receive email or phone calls from All Terrain from time to time, for instance to request information regarding your account or payment, to notify you of new features, changes to the Site, specials or promotions or to provide you with information that you request, and you hereby consent to receipt of any such email or phone call.
Sharing Information
We share Information only as described below.  By using the Site and providing us with your information, you consent to our sharing of Information for the purposes listed below.
1. Businesses and People We Do Not Control:
We may affiliate with a variety of businesses, including dealers, distributors and advertisers.  In certain situations, these businesses assist us in providing you with products or services and we may share your information with them.
We also employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and we may need to share your information with them.  Examples include but are not limited to the following: maintaining servers, sending email, removing repetitive information from user lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, reviewing content and providing customer service.
2. Other Users:
Note that any information that you make public on or through the Site will be accessible by other users and may be used by them.
3. Business Transfers:
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets or to pledge assets as collateral.  In these types of transactions, user information, including your Information, is typically one of the business assets that is involved and may be transferred.  Moreover, if All Terrain, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that All Terrain goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information, including your Information, would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party.  You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of All Terrain may continue to use your Information as set forth in this Policy.
4. Protection of All Terrain and Others:
We may disclose Information when we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of All Terrain our employees, affiliates, users or others.  This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
5. With Your Consent:
We may share Information when you provide us with your consent to do so.  For instance, when you request goods, information or services from our affiliates or a third party through us, or when you post information to the Site, you provide your consent for us to share that information with others.  Please note that whenever you post public information on or through the Site you are giving us your consent to share that information with third parties.
Forms Some of our sites and services may require a completed form in order to access secured information, use special site functions, or complete a transaction. Product literature requests may require your contact information, demographics, unique identifiers, shipping or billing information, and other personal or financial information. We may also use some of this information to contact you about the services for which you have expressed interest and/or important support information.
Access to Information
If you are a registered Member of the Site, you can access, review and modify your personal information at any time by logging into your account on the Site.  Please note, however, that we may maintain a copy of the unmodified information in our records.  However, if you share Information with other Users on the Site, it will not be possible to later edit or delete that Information. We also retain Information as permitted by law to resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.  We may delete Information when we no longer need it for the purposes we described earlier.
You may contact us at info@allterrainco.com to review any Information we store about you that is not available on the Site. There may be a charge associated with such requests.
Child Use of Sites The Site is not intended for use by children under 18 years of age. Furthermore, it is not our intention to extend promotional offers to children. Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we will never knowingly request Information from anyone less than 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent.  If you become aware that your child has provided us with Information without prior verifiable parental consent, please contact us and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our files.
Notifications and Verifications We may use e-mail or other contact methods to notify site users and promotional participants of All Terrain special offers, newsletters, and site alerts or features. We may also use e-mail or other contact methods to disseminate passwords, validate requests and provide customer support.
Changes to this Policy
We may amend this Policy from time to time.  Use of Information is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such Information is used.
Third Party Sites All Terrain is not responsible for the content of any off-site pages or any other websites linked to or from the sites. Links appearing on the sites are for convenience only and are not an endorsement by All Terrain or our affiliates or their partners of the referenced content, product, service or supplier. Your linking to or from any off-site pages or other websites is at your own risk. All Terrain are in no way responsible for examining or evaluating, and they do not warrant the offerings of, off-site pages or any other websites linked to or from the sites, nor do we assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, content, products, or services of such pages and websites, including, without limitation, terms and conditions. You should carefully review the terms and conditions of all off-site pages and other websites that you visit.
Third-party websites may refer to our Site and even provide hyperlinks to specific pages or functions. We are not responsible for the context in which those referring links are made nor are we responsible for ensuring those links work properly.
Your Responsibility and Acceptance of These Terms You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password (if applicable), restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
Using the Site signifies your agreement to this Policy.
Contact Us | Feedback
| Privacy
Subscribe to our mailing list
Copyright 2020 Rosemont Ventures, Inc. d/b/a All Terrain Our Privacy Policy