http://www.sportsguns.co.uk/terms-conditions
Air Rifles, Replica Guns, Air Guns for Sale - 01239 615996
01239 615996
01239 615996
Due to covid we are operating at a reduced staff however we are delivering airguns to England and Wales with our personalised delivery service.
All non airgun items are still being shipped out with couriers on a 48 hr service.
Due to the high demand our staff may not be able answer calls and/or emails immediately.
We will ensure though that all customers will be contacted to arrange a delivery slot prior to delivery.
Terms & Conditions
This website is operated by Cardigan Sports (referred to as "Cardigan Sports/we/our/us"). As user of this website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website including any transactions you make ("use/using") is subject to our terms and conditions below (which includes any other important sections e.g. Privacy Policy. Please:
· read through these terms and conditions carefully before using this website
· print a copy for future reference.
· also read our Privacy Policy section regarding your personal information.
General
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time. Any such changes will take effect when posted on the website and it is your responsibility to read the terms and conditions on each occasion you use this website and your continued use of the website shall signify your acceptance to be bound by the latest terms and conditions.
If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this website
WE DO NOT STORE OF SHARE ANY CARD/PAYMENT DETAILS ONCE P[ROVIDED TO US.
Order process
All orders that you place on this website will be subject to acceptance in accordance with these terms and conditions.
The 'Basket contents' stage sets out the final details of your order. Following this, we will send to you an order acknowledgement email.
Acceptance of your order and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on despatch to you of the products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled it
We do not file details of your order for you to subsequently access direct on this website, and therefore, please print out these terms and conditions and the order acknowledgement for your own records. If you wish to obtain specific details of your previous orders please Contact Us.
Delivery
a. This website is only for delivery of products to customers in mainland UK. We cannot deliver to the Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Orkney, Shetland and Scottish Islands, BFPO addresses, Northern Ireland, or the Republic of Ireland. All goods must be signed for by an adult aged 18 years or over on delivery, Any Noticeable damage must be marked on delivery note, Damages or Losses must be notified within 24 Hours.
While we make every effort to deliver goods within the estimated timescale, delays are occasionally inevitable due to unforeseen factors. Cardigan Sports shall be under no liability for any delay or failure to deliver the products within estimated timescales.
Risk of loss and damage of products passes to you on the date when the products are delivered or on the date of first attempted delivery by us.
Payment
We take payment from your card at the time we receive your order, once we have checked your card details and stock availability. Goods are subject to availability. In the event that we are unable to supply the goods, we will inform you of this as soon as possible. A full refund will be given where you have already paid for the goods.
The price you pay is the price displayed on this website at the time we receive your order apart from the following exception:
i. While we try and ensure that all prices on our website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
Payment can be made by any method specified in when placing an order. Information about secure on-line ordering see is also displayed at point of order.
Title to any products you order on this website shall pass to you on delivery of the products provided that we have processed and received payment in full for the products.
All prices include VAT (where applicable) at the applicable current rates but exclude delivery charges, unless expressly stated otherwise.trading name is CARDIGAN SPORTS LTD30 HIGH STREETCARDIGAN CEREDIGIONSA431HJCOMPANY NO 4618174VAT NO 401741005
Returns, and Substitutions, Assembly.
In the unlikely event that you receive faulty or damaged goods, we will either have the goods repaired provide a replacement, if available, or a full or partial refund will be offered.
Sometimes the product specifications from the manufacturer may change, in which case we will do our best to offer you a substitute of the same or better quality at the same price. If you are not happy with the replacement you can return it in unused and with the original packaging. Where applicable, you may cancel your order in accordance with your rights under the Distance Selling Regulations.
Should a product require assembly, it is your responsibility to ensure correct and safe assembly by a competent person, All sizes and measurements are approximate but we do try to make sure that they are as accurate as possible.
Custom orders can not be cancelled after ordering and payment taken for .20 and .25 rifles .ALL OF OUR  NEW PRODUCTS ARE COVERED WITH A 28 DAY STORE GUARANTEE  AND A 1 YEAR MANUFACTURER WARRANTY, UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE. PLEASE ASK FOR INFORMATION WHEN BUYING A SECOND HAND/SHOP SOILED ITEM.
We will pick up faulty rifles from you within 30 days of you receiving your item. After 30 days they must be returned to us at your own expense.
Faulty pistols must be returned to us using royal mail or a courier. If the item is found to be faulty we will reimburse you for the postage charge up to 2nd class signed for. After 30 days they must be returned to us at your own expense.
We only offer refunds on items up to 14 days of accepting your goods and must be in the condition you received them in and returned to us within 30 days.
Our postage/delivery charge is non-refundable.All returns must be booked in before sending the goods back. Returns which have not been booked in will not be delt with until contact has been made with  the shop.CANCELLATION OF FINANCE  ORDERSMUST BE RECEIVED WITHIN 14 DAYS OF DELIVERY AND RETURNED WITHIN 30 DAYS. MUST NOT BE USED AND IN CONDITION DELIVERED IN. RETURN POSTAGE MUST BE MADE BY CUSTOMER.PLEASE EMAIL OR REQUEST A CANCELLATION FORM  BY EMAILING cardigansports@hotmail.com
Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all materials and/or content made available as part of your use of this website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within this website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may only download such material and content for the purpose of using this website. You further acknowledge that any other use of the material and content of this website is strictly prohibited and you agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
Liability and Indemnity
Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability, which may not otherwise be limited or excluded under applicable law.
Subject to Section 6a above, Cardigan Sports will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information on the site but makes no representation or warranty of any kind express or implied statutory or otherwise regarding the contents or availability of the site or that it will be timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the website Cardigan Sports will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the website and Cardigan Sports accepts no liability of any kind for any loss or damage from action taken or taken in reliance on material or information contained on the site.
Subject to Section 6a above, other than as expressly provided in these terms and conditions with respect to specific products and except for the exclusive remedies set out at Section 4 above, any indemnities, warranties, terms and conditions (whether express or implied) are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.
Subject to Section 6a above, Cardigan Sports will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent on negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the terms and conditions for any:
· economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, data, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or
· economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, data, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or
· loss of goodwill or reputation; or
· special or indirect losses
suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under these terms and conditions.
Notwithstanding the above, subject to Section 6a Cardigan Sports' aggregate liability (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for loss or damage shall in any event be limited to a sum equal to the amount paid or payable by you for the product(s) in respect of one incident or series of incidents attributable to the same clause.
This clause 6 does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your contract cancellation rights.
We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
Miscellaneous Provisions
The contract between us shall be governed by the laws of England and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of the contract. We have selected our products on the basis that they will be used for domestic use only, if you are planning to use them for business purposes please make sure that you are covered by appropriate insurance.
Cardigan Sports shall be under no liability for any delay or failure to deliver products or otherwise perform any obligation as specified in these terms and conditions if the same is wholly or partly caused whether directly or indirectly by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
To provide increased value to our customers, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.
You may not assign or sub-contract any of your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related order for products to any third party unless agreed upon in writing by Cardigan Sports.
Cardigan Sports reserves the right to transfer, assign, novate or sub-contract the benefit of the whole or part of any of its rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related contract to any third party.
If any portion of these terms and conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity or enforceability of the other sections of these terms and conditions shall not be affected.
These terms and conditions do not create or confer any rights or benefits enforceable by any person that is not a party (within the meaning of the U.K. Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999) except: a) the Cardigan Sports shall have the right to enforce any rights or benefits under these terms and conditions; b) the Cardigan Sportsshall have the right to enforce and take the benefit of the rights or benefits of any limitation or exclusion or limitation of liability in these terms and conditions; c) a person who is a permitted successor or assignee under Section 8.8 above of the rights or benefits of these terms and conditions may enforce such rights or benefits. d) No consent from the persons referred to in Section 8.9 is required for the parties to vary or rescind these terms and conditions (whether or not in any way that varies or extinguishes rights or benefits in favour of such third parties).
No delay or failure by Cardigan Sports to exercise any powers, rights or remedies under these terms and conditions will operate as a waiver of them nor will any single or partial exercise of any such powers, rights or remedies preclude any other or further exercise of them. Any waiver to be effective must be in writing and signed by an authorised representative of Cardigan Sports.
These terms and conditions including the documents or other sources referred to in these terms and conditions supersede all prior representations understandings and agreements between you and Cardigan Sports relating to the use of this website (including the order of products) and sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and Cardigan Sports for your use of this website
We recommend you print out a copy of these terms and conditions for your future reference. If you have any questions regarding the Cardigan Sports website please see the Contact Us section for more information and full contact details.
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information that we may obtain about you. By either registering as a user of any services provided by Cardigan Sports on this website and by using the Cardigan Sports Leisure web site generally you agree to this use.
Use of your Personal Information
1. When you register and use this site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.
2. We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us:
a. To register you with our web site and to administer our web site services;
b. For assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme. We may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products or services, which we think, will interest you from the information we have. We may keep you informed of such products and services (including special offers, discounts, offers, competitions and so on by any of the following methods:
i. e-mail
ii. SMS text message
iii. Post
iv. or otherwise (including products and services of other companies and organisations) which we consider may be of interest to you. If you do not wish Cardigan Sports to receive information of such products and services, please tick the opt-out box provided when registering on this website.
c. To administer any prize draws or competitions you may enter.
3. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
4. Fraud Prevention
In order to protect our customers and us from fraud and theft, we may pass on information that we obtain from making identity checks and other information in our customer records, including how you conduct your account, to other retailers and to financial and other organisations (including law enforcement agencies) involved in fraud prevention and detection, to use in the same way.
5. Disclosure of Your Information
We may give information about you to the following, who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:
a. agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs;
b. to other organisations for the administration of prize draws or competitions.
c. to anyone to whom we transfer or may transfer our rights and duties under our agreement with you;
d. if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
6. Cookies
New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us to deliver customised visitor experiences. In particular, there is a technology called "cookies" which may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which pages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our web site. Depending on the type of cookie we use, cookies also allow us to make our web site more user friendly, for example, permanent cookies allow us to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our web site.
7. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies. You do not have to accept cookies, and you should read the information that came with your browser software to see how you can set up your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, this will give you the opportunity to decide whether to accept it. We use cookies so that we can give you a better experience when you return to our web site.
Security
9. We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you disclose on-line. You accept the inherent security risks of providing information and dealing on-line over the Internet and will not hold us responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
General
10. You have the right to see personal data (as defined in the Data Protection Act) that we keep about you, upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee. If you are concerned that any of the information we hold on you is incorrect please contact us (see details below).
11. Please be aware that our site may link to other web sites which may be accessed through our site. We are not responsible for the data policies or procedures or the content of these linked web sites.
How do I change any details stored on Cardigan Sports website? To change any of your registered details on Cardigan Sports website, click on ‘my account’ and enter your login name and password. Once logged in change any of the details shown and click ‘update my details'.CANCELLATION POLICYOnline, mail and telephone order customers have the right to cancel their order for a limited time even if the goods aren't faulty. Sales of this kind are known as 'distance selling'. we must offer a refund to customers if told  to us  within 14 days of receiving their goods that they want to cancel. And not used. goods must be returned within 30 days and at the customers own cost.Once delivered the customer must return the goods to us by their own means in the same condition delivered . COMPLAINTS INFO-in any unlikely event you have a complaint please contact us either by phone on 01239615996 or email cardigansports@hotmail.comYou can also write to us- the manager cardigan sports30 high streetcardigan ceredigionsa431hjWe shall contact you in response usually within 48 hours.PLEASE EMAIL US AT cardigansports@hotmail.comOR email financial ombudsman http://www.financial-ombudsman.org.uk/contact/index.htmlor call 01239615996 For further information about shopping with Cardigan Sports LTD please read our Terms and ConditionsPLease note and refunds made from cancellations will not include delivery if order already delivered.