http://www.plastikwrap.com/website/policies.htm
Delivery Time
Normally your order will arrive within 3-4 weeks although most orders will arrive much sooner (within Canada/USA). International orders are generally
received in approx. 4-5 weeks. If rush shipping is required, please contact us and we will be happy to make
arrangements is possible. Shipping rates can be calculated in the cart section of the site, by entering your address. Note: we ship a minimum
of once per week, usually mid week.
All parcels shipped express post come with tracking number and insurance.
Please note that, during busy seasons, we may experience some delays, which may affect overall processing and delivery times. If you are worried
about your order, please just email us with the order number to check the status of your order.
Customs/Duty
Items will be shipped from Canada. Any applicable customs charges/duties are not included in the purchase price, and are the responsibility of
the individual customer.
Exchange Policy / Guarantee
Plastik Wrap is dedicated to customer service.
If you are unhappy with your purchase and the item is unworn with tags, the item may be returned for refund within 14 days of delivery.
Be sure to label the parcel and customs forms (where required) as 'RETURNED goods', this will help the item clear customs.
We will not accept items incorrectly labeled.
We have had trouble with couriers other than USPS in the US charging additional clearance fees on returned items. Plastik Wrap will not be held
responsible for these fees and will refuse entrance to items where these fees are being applied.
We STRONGLY recommend that you use your federal postal service.
Items returned for exchange will require an additional shipping charge to be paid. It is in your best interest to contact us directly and provide
your measurements to find the best fitting size for you. Remember that in case of return/exchange, the shipping cost is not refundable, and
Plastik Wrap is not responsible for the cost of return shipping.
DISCOUNT (sale) items purchased, or any items purchased with a promotional offer are non-refundable. These items can only be returned
for store credit (in the form of a credit coupon code for use at plastikWrap.com). NOTE: that any items produced to
custom measurements are a 'Final Sale', no exception.
Please contact us for further information.
In case of return due to an incorrect address being supplied, Plastik Wrap is not responsible for re-shipping. The buyer will be responsible in
these cases for paying a second shipping fee if they wish to have the item reshipped. Also all items that are re-shipped must be re-shipped
with postal insurance.
Taxes
Taxes will be calculated based upon your location. Canadian residents will be charged applicable Taxes.
Customers from outside Canada are be responsible for any Duty fees applied during import of the shipment.
Inventory / Stock
We try to keep our inventory count as accurate as possible. Occasionally errors may occur, which will allow you to be able to purchase items that
are not physically in stock. This can be caused by a miscount or two orders for the same style/color/size combination being received simultaneously.
If the item you ordered is not available to ship, we will contact you as soon as possible to give you a chance to either change it, cancel
it or back order it.
Colours
We have made every effort to display color and fabric swatches as accurately as possible, however; as the actual colors you see will depend on
your monitor settings, we cannot guarantee that your monitor display will be accurate. We recommend monitor settings with high brightness and
contrast for the most accurate viewing.
Currency converter
The currency converter is added as a convenience to our online shoppers. The conversion is handled by a 3rd party, and uses the current day
trading rates. These rates may not be the same rates offered by your bank ( or payment choice ). Please remember to treat these currency coversions
as estimates, and double check the actual rate supplied by your payment choice during checkout.
Sign up for 10% Off your next Order!
You will receive periodic promotions and news. Unscubscribe with one click.