https://www.hsn.com/article/terms-and-conditions/29
We use JavaScript to create the most functional website possible for our customers. JavaScript enables you to fully navigate and make a purchase on our site. If disabled the content or the functionality of the website can be limited or unavailable. Please enable JavaScript in your browser for the best possible experience. Thank you!
Departments
Baby
Beauty
Coins & Collectibles
Crafts & Sewing
Electronics
Fan Shop
Fashion
Health & Fitness
Home
Jewelry
Kids
Kitchen & Food
Men's
Toys & Games
Conditions of Use
Welcome to HSN. HSNi, LLC and HSN Interactive LLC ("HSN") provide website and other electronic services subject to the conditions set out below ("Conditions"). By using and shopping via HSN.com, HSN's mobile services, HSN's telephone ordering and interactive voice response services, HSN Arcade games, HSN Community Forums, HSN messaging systems, HSN's software applications that you download, HSN social media sites and applications, social media posts using HSN hashtags, location tags, or other identifiers, other websites, interactive television services, and existing or future services that expressly incorporate these Conditions ("HSN Services"), you accept these Conditions. In some instances, a particular HSN Service or a product purchased through the HSN Services may be subject to additional policies, guidelines, terms, and/or agreements ("Terms"). In the event that such Terms are inconsistent with these Conditions, the Terms shall govern.
Please read these Conditions carefully. If you do not wish to be bound by these Conditions, do not access or use the HSN Services.
Change of Terms
HSN may, at its sole discretion, revise or add new terms to these Conditions from time to time without notice to you. Such revisions and additions shall be deemed effective immediately upon notice, which HSN may give by any means, including, without limitation, by posting the revised Conditions on the HSN Services. You are responsible for reviewing the HSN Services for any modifications to these Conditions that may affect your rights or obligations. Any access or use by you of the HSN Services after changes to these Conditions will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms.
Orders and Pricing
HSN reserves the right to discontinue or change product specifications and prices without prior notice. Products are available while supplies last. Inadvertent errors in advertised prices are not binding on HSN, and may be adjusted by HSN at any time. Your placing an order and your receipt of an order confirmation do not constitute final acceptance of an order. Certain information may need to be confirmed prior to accepting your order. Your order, or any portion thereof, may be declined even after your receipt of an order confirmation.
Coupons
Coupons and promotional codes provided to you are for your individual use only. You may not transfer, offer for sale, publish or otherwise share HSN coupons and promotional codes unless the terms of the promotion expressly allow you to do so. HSN reserves the right to cancel orders when it has reason to believe that any coupon or promotional code is being used by someone other than the intended recipient, or in the case of suspected abuse, misuse or fraud.
Content
Copyright in the documents and material on the HSN Services is owned by or licensed to HSN. You are authorized to use this material only for personal, non-commercial purposes. You may download, print, and store copies of this material for your own personal, non-commercial use. The images of people or places displayed on the HSN Services are either the property of, or used with permission of, HSN. The uses of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Conditions or specific permission is provided elsewhere on the HSN Services. Any unauthorized use of these images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and regulations and statutes governing communications. Nothing contained in the HSN Services should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark or service mark displayed on the HSN Services without the written permission of HSN or any third party that may own such trademarks or service marks. HSN will aggressively enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Submissions
All information, ideas, suggestions, content, messages or other communications you transmit to HSN or to other users on the HSN Services concerning the materials contained in the HSN Services will be on a non-confidential and non-proprietary basis, subject to the provisions of our Privacy Policy, when relevant. HSN and its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such communications without limitation or obligation. You may also post reviews, comments, photos, and other content, provided that such content is not threatening, obscene, defamatory, an invasion of privacy, an infringement of intellectual property rights of others, or otherwise objectionable or likely to infringe upon the rights of third parties, which shall be in determined in HSN's sole discretion. You also understand and agree that the HSN may review and/or delete any content, submissions, messages, posts, etc. you submit on the HSN Services and that HSN determines in its sole discretion violates these Conditions of Use or the HSN Community Guidelines.
For all of the content that you post or submit to the HSN Services, (1) you represent that you have full authority to license it to HSN and (2) you grant HSN a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world through any media, including, but not limited to, the broadcast of such content on television and its commercial use. You grant HSN and its sublicensees the right to use the name, user name, images, messages, etc. that you submit in connection with such content. You represent and warrant that you own or control all of the rights to the content that you submit, that the content is accurate, that use of the content you supply will not violate these Conditions and will not cause injury to any person or entity, and that you will indemnify HSN for all claims resulting from any content that you supply. HSN has the right but not the obligation to monitor any activity and to edit or remove any content. HSN takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or by any third party.
Links to Other Sites and Services
HSN reserves the right to prohibit users from posting links to other Internet sites. To the extent HSN in its sole discretion allows certain users to post such links Links to other Internet sites and services operated by third parties, including HSN vendors, you understand and agree that those sites and services do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by HSN of their content, policies, or practices. of such linked sites or services. You likewise understand and agree that HSN is not responsible for the availability, content, security, policies, or practices of linked sites or services, including, without limitation, the accuracy of content on linked sites or services, as well as and the privacy policies and security practices of linked sites and services.
Electronic Communications
When you access or use the HSN Services, send e-mails to HSN, or receive electronic communications from HSN, you are, and consent to, communicating with HSN electronically. HSN may communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on one or more of the HSN Services. You agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements, policies, and other communications that HSN provides to you electronically satisfy any requirement that such communications be in writing.
Should HSN allow users of the HSN Services to communicate directly with each other via a messaging system, you understand and agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with those other members on such system. You agree to take reasonable precautions in all interactions with other members of the HSN Services, and also agree that in no event shall HSN be liable for any damages whatsoever, whether direct, indirect, general, special, compensatory, consequential, and/or incidental, arising out of or relating to your use of any such messaging system. As always, you should follow internet safety tips, should not provide any personally identifiable information, including your email address or phone number, to unknown users, and you should exercise reasonable care with accessing links anyone may send you. You should never respond to requests from other users for financial information, like your credit or debit card, or requests for money. If you feel that any other user is sending you messages that violate these Conditions of Use or the HSN Community Guidelines, stop communicating with that user and please contact HSN Customer Service immediately.
If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails from us, please login to your account and select “Manage Preferences” from the menu. You also have the ability to unsubscribe from promotional e-mails via the unsubscribe link included in each promotional e-mail. This opt-out does not apply to operational emails (e.g., order confirmations, surveys, product reviews).
Mobile Services
The HSN Services may include certain services that you may access through your mobile phone or other mobile device, including services that allow you to use your mobile device to place orders, receive and reply to messages from HSN, and access certain other features (collectively, the "Mobile Services"). HSN does not charge for Mobile Services. However, when you access or sign up for Mobile Services, you recognize, acknowledge, and understand that you may incur charges by your wireless carrier for all messages sent to you from HSN, its parent companies, or any of its corporate affiliates or subsidiaries. Msg & Data Rates May Apply. To opt-in text ORDER to 69476 or SPECIAL to 47688.
Message frequency:
47688 - Today's Special, "TS" 8 msgs/wk and Alerts - 4 msgs/wk.
69476 - Order Status "ORDER" - 3 msgs/order.
Under no circumstances will HSN, its parent companies, or any of its corporate affiliates or subsidiaries, be responsible for any wireless e-mail, text messaging, or other charges incurred by you or by any individual who has access to your wireless device, telephone number, or e-mail address. Downloading, installing, using, or accessing certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your mobile service provider, and not all Mobile Services may work with your device. You are responsible for confirming with your service provider whether the Mobile Services are available for your mobile device, whether any restrictions may be applicable to your use of the Mobile Services, and whether any charges may apply to your use of the Mobile Services. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that HSN may communicate with you through your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to HSN, such as your geographic location, how you use the HSN application(s), and information about the type of device you use. Please consult HSN's Privacy Policy for more information. If you change or deactivate your mobile telephone or other access number, you agree to promptly update your mobile subscription account information to ensure that the messages HSN intends to send to you are not sent to another person.
For HSN's "Mobile Alerts", message & data rates may apply. By entering a Mobile number, you certify that: A) You are the account holder of, or B) have account holder's permission to do so. By opting-in to receive text messages for HSN Specials and/or Today's Special, you authorize HSN to send and consent to receive advertising, marketing and promotional text messages via an automated telephone dialing system to the mobile number you have entered. Consent to receive these text messages is not a condition of purchase. For HELP reply to any HSN message or text HELP to 69476 (Customer Service Alerts) or 47688 (Today's Special, Scoop Alerts); contact Customer Service at 800-933-2887, or use the online form here:
To unsubscribe or change your subscriptions at any time, visit the Communication Preferences page on HSN.com and opt-out of the messages you no longer wish to receive. You may also unsubscribe from your subscriptions in one of the following ways: Reply STOP to a Customer Service Alert to be unsubscribed from this message only, or reply STOP to a Today's Special messages or HSN Alerts which will unsubscribe you from both. Text STOP to 69476 to be unsubscribed from HSN Customer Service Alerts or text STOP to 47688 to be unsubscribed from Today's Special messages and HSN Alerts. If you text STOP to a Today's Special or HSN Alert, you will be unsubscribed from both. You may also contact Customer Service at 800.933.2887.
Supported Carriers:
ACS Wireless, Aio Wireless, All West Communications (RINA), Appalachian Wireless, AT&T, Bluegrass Cellular, Boost Mobile, C Spire Wireless (CellSouth), Cambridge Telephone Company (RINA), Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, Cellone Nation, Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Chariton Valley Cellular, Chat Mobility, Cincinnati Bell Wireless, Coral Wireless, Cricket, Cross (dba Sprocket), CTCI (Custer Telephone Cooperative - RINA), DTC Wireless, Duet Internet & Phone, Eagle Telephone System (RINA), Element Mobile, EpicTouch Wireless, Flat Wireless, LLC, FMTC (Farmers Mutual Telephone Company - RINA), GCI Communications, Golden State Cellular, Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix/Keystone Wireless, Inland Cellular, iWireless, Leaco, MetroPCS, Mosaic Telecom, MTCC/Breakaway Wireless (Manti Telephone Company - RINA), Nemont/Sagebrush Cellular, Nex-Tech Wireless, NNTC Wireless (Nucla Nutria Telephone Company - RINA), Northwest Cell (Missouri Cellular), nTelos, Peoples Wireless, Pine Cellular, Pioneer Cellular, Plateau Wireless, PTCI Wireless (Panhandle Telecommunications Cooperative), Revol Wireless, Silver Star Communications (RINA), South Central Communications (RINA). SouthernLINC Wireless; SouthernLINC Communications. Sprint, SRT Wireless/SRT Communications. Strata Networks (UBET, RINA), Syringa Wireless (RINA), Thumb Cellular, T-Mobile, U.S. Cellular, United Wireless, Verizon Wireless, Verizon-Alltel, Viaero Wireless, Virgin Mobile USA, West Central Wireless (WCC).
Customer Service Form
To cancel your subscription at any time, visit the Mobile Alerts signup page on MY Account and opt-out of the messages you do not wish to receive, reply ORDER STOP to any message; text STOP to 23157 (Customer Service Alerts) or SPECIAL STOP or ALERT STOP 69979 (Today's Special, Scoop Alerts); contact Customer Service at 800-933-2887, or by mail a request to HSN Interactive LLC, Attn: Customer Service, 1 HSN Drive, St. Petersburg, Florida 33729. We are always happy to answer your questions and listen to your comments.
Supported Carriers:
AT&T, Boost, Cellular South, Centennial, Cincinati Bell, Sprint, ntelos, U.S. Cellularï¿½, Unicel, Verizon Wireless and Virgin Mobile USA.
ACS Alaska, Alaska DigiTel (GCI), Appalachian Wirekess (EKN), Bluegrass, Boost, Boost iDEN, CableVision USA, Carolina West US, Cell 1 East Central IL, Cellcom, CellSouth, Centennial US, Chat, Cincinnati Bell, Cricket, Cross Wireless, Golden State US, Immix (Keystone), Inland, Illinois Valley, MetroPCS, Nex Tech Wireless, Nextel, Northwest, Missouri Cellular, nTelos, Panhandle Revol, Pioneer Wireless US, Plateau US, Pocket Com USA, Simmerty US, South Canaan, Sprint PCS, Thumb Cellular US, T-Mobile, Tracphone (on AT&T), Union Wireless USA, United Wireless, Verizon Wireless, Viaero Wireless US, Virgin Mobile USA, West Central WCC.
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE MATERIAL CONTAINED IN THE HSN SERVICES HAS BEEN CHECKED FOR ACCURACY. HOWEVER, HSN MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS AS TO SUCH MATERIAL'S ACCURACY, AND IT IS SUPPLIED WITHOUT ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, EVERYTHING ON THE HSN SERVICES IS PROVIDED TO YOU "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
HSN DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE HSN SERVICES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THIS DISCLAIMER DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY PRODUCT WARRANTY OFFERED BY THE PRODUCT'S MANUFACTURER.
SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, CERTAIN DAMAGES OR LIABILITIES. AS A RESULT, THE DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS REFERENCED ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE HSN SERVICE AND HSN’S INTERACTIVE TELEVISION SERVICES IS SOLELY FOR THE BENEFIT OF YOU AND HSN AND THAT THE HSN-APPROVED DISTRIBUTOR OF ANY HSN INTERACTIVE TELEVISION CONTENT IS NOT LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE TO YOU FOR THE PERFORMANCE OF HSN’S INTERACTIVE TELEVISION SERVICES, THE HSN CONTENT YOU ACCESS VIA HSN’S INTERACTIVE TELEVISION SERVICES, OR ANY MERCHANDISE THAT YOU PURCHASE THROUGH HSN’S INTERACTIVE TELEVISION SERVICES.
Your Access to HSN Services
When you use the HSN Services, you agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations regarding your use of, and purchase of products and services through, the HSN Services. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any passwords or usernames and for restricting access to your account, if any, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account, username, or password. HSN sells products, including children's products, to adults only, who can purchase products with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use the HSN Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. HSN reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse service, remove or edit content, cancel orders, or terminate accounts for any or all of the HSN Services. In the event that HSN denies you access to one or more HSN Services, the provisions in these Conditions governing any copyright and other intellectual property rights, and the disclaimers, indemnities, and limitations of liabilities set forth in these Conditions shall survive such termination.
PATENTS
One or more patents owned and/or licensed by HSN Interactive LLC, or one or more of its affiliates or parents, may cover certain methods, systems, features, products, or services, or portions thereof, accessible or available via the HSN.com website, including, but not limited to, U.S. Patent Nos. 7,752,083, 7,756,758, and 6,330,592.
COPYRIGHTS
All content accessible from, included in, or available via the HSN.com website, or communications from the HSN.com website, such as text, graphics, logos, images, audio clips, video clips, pictures, images, and data compilations, are the sole and exclusive property of HSN Interactive LLC, or one or more of its affiliates or parents, or its vendors or content providers, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content accessible from, included in, or available via the HSN.com website, or communications from the HSN.com website, such as the layout, color selection and format, is the sole and exclusive property of HSN Interactive LLC, or one or more of its affiliates or parents, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
Copyright Infringement
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), HSN has designated an agent to receive notification of alleged copyright infringement occurring on the HSN Services:
DMCA Notification Agent
Attn: Legal Department
HSN, Inc.
1 HSN Drive
St. Petersburg, Florida 33729
E-mail: dmca.notification@hsn.net
Contents of Notice
The DMCA requires that all notices of alleged copyright infringement be in writing. For HSN to act on your notice, you must be authorized to enforce the copyrights that you allege have been infringed. When informing HSN of an alleged copyright infringement, you should:
1. Identify the copyrighted work that allegedly has been infringed. If multiple copyrighted works on a single HSN Service are involved, please provide a representative list of such works on that HSN Service.
2. Describe the material that is claimed to be infringing and provide sufficient information to permit HSN to locate that material.
3. Provide your contact information, including an address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address.
4. Certify or include a statement that you have a good-faith belief that the use of the copyright-protected material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, the owner's agent, or law.
5. Certify that the information that you have provided HSN is accurate. You should attest under penalty of perjury that you are authorized to enforce the copyrights that you allege have been infringed.
6. Include your physical or electronic signature.
HSN may not be able to act on your complaint promptly or at all if you do not provide this information.
Internet Protocol Closed Captioning
If you have any questions or concerns about the closed captioning of the HSN programming that has been delivered to you via Internet Protocol (e.g., on your computer, your smartphone or your tablet), please contact us at:
Eric Yonkin
Vice President/Senior Counsel
One HSN Drive
St. Petersburg, FL 33729
Phone: 727.872.7443
Fax: 727.872.6148
E-mail: IPclosedcaptioning@hsn.net
Miscellaneous
These Conditions contain the entire understanding of you and HSN with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between you and HSN with respect to the subject matter hereof. The failure of HSN at any time to enforce any of the provisions of these Conditions will not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of any such provisions, or in any way to affect the right of HSN to thereafter enforce each and every provision of these Conditions. No waiver by HSN of any breach of any provision of these Conditions will be construed or deemed to be a waiver of any other subsequent breach. If any provision of these Conditions is declared invalid or otherwise determined to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be deemed to be severable from the remaining provisions of these Conditions, which will otherwise remain in full force and effect. Provisions concerning your rights and obligations which by the content of the provision operate after termination or which are necessary to enforce any right will survive any termination or expiration of these Conditions.
These Conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any suit brought under or in connection with these Conditions may be brought only in the courts of the State of Florida, Pinellas or Hillsborough County, or of the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, and HSN and you consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Last updated: October 27, 2020