http://www.bestpysanky.com/pages/help
Loading..
Skip to content
Close menu
Ornaments
Artworks
Angels
Animals
Cats
Dogs
Birds
Farm Animals
Wild Animals
Fish and Sea World
Baby's First Christmas
Celebrations and Holidays
Cities and Landmarks
USA
USA States
Canada
United Kingdom
Mexico
Europe
Central and South America
Asia
Australia
Wonders of the World
Clear Ornaments
Coat of Arms
Couturier
Egg Ornaments
Emoji
Fairy Tales
Flags
Flowers
Food
Geometrical
Gingerbread
Hearts
Hobby
Horoscope Signs
Household
Imperial Ornaments
Music
Nutcrackers
Outfit
Our First Christmas
Patriotic
Professions
Pysanky Ornaments
Religious Ornaments
Resin
Royal Inspired
Santa
Sets
Snowmen Ornaments
Solid Color
Sports
Stars
Transportation
Unfinished Ornaments
Wedding
Winter Villages
Tree Toppers
Santa Tree Toppers
Flowers Tree Toppers
Geometrical Tree Toppers
Solid Color Tree Toppers
Angel Tree Toppers
Nativity Tree Toppers
Ornament Stands
Hooks
Closeouts
Snow Globes
Musical Figurines
Animal Globes
Ballet and Nutcracker Suite
Santa Globes
Snowmen Globes
Train Globes
Winter Village Globes & Music Boxes
Carousel Globes
Kids Globes
Landmark Globes
Nativity Globes
Miniature Globes
Heart Globes
Water Picture Frames
Other Snow Globes
Royal Collection
All Royal Eggs
Imperial Eggs
Imperial Inspired Eggs
Wooden Imperial Eggs
Royal Ornaments
Royal Egg Pendant Necklaces
Jewelry Boxes
Royal Picture Frames
Nesting Dolls
Unfinished Dolls
Animal Dolls
Flower Dolls
Santa Dolls
Traditional Dolls
Religious Dolls
Winter Village Dolls
Snowmen Dolls
Nutcracker Dolls
Landmarks Dolls
Fairy Tale Nesting Dolls
Easter Dolls
Sport Dolls
Celebration Dolls
Halloween Dolls
Key Chain Dolls
Fridge Magnet Dolls
Pen and Pencils
Bottle Opener Dolls
Santa
Decorations
All Figurines
Snowman Figurines
Nutcracker Figurines
Carved Wooden Santa
Angel Figurines
Christmas Figurines
Tabletop Christmas Trees
Centerpieces
Christmas Stockings
& Holders
Pillow Covers
Runners & Placemats
Tree Skirts
Wreaths and Garlands
Table Decor
Picture Frames
Art Plaques
Trinket and Jewelry Boxes
Crafts
Cut Outs
Unfinished Ornaments
Clear Ornaments
Unfinished Letters & Numbers
MDF Wood White Unfinished Letters
MDF Wood White Unfinished Numbers
Arial Font Unfinished Letters
Arial Font Unfinished Numbers
Courier White Wooden Numbers & Letters
3D Puzzles
Paint Your Own Figurines
Solid Color Ornaments
Christmas Crafts
Easter Crafts
Water Globe Frames
Ornament Stands
Egg Stands
Turntables
Religious
Religious Figurines
All Nativity Items
Nativity Ornaments
Nativity Snow Globes
Nativity Figurines
Nativity Tree Toppers
Angel Figurines
Crosses and Crucifixes
Standing
Wall
Rosary Boxes
Icons
Easter
Easter Figurines & Decorations
Bunny Figurines
Easter Nesting Dolls
Easter DIY Crafts
Easter Eggs
Egg Ornaments
Wooden Eggs
Egg Sets
Large Size Eggs
Carved Eggs
Plastic Eggs
White Plastic
Gold Plastic
Multicolored Plastic Eggs
Large Size Plastic
With Toys
With Candy
Solid Color
Patterned
Real Eggshell Pysanky
Hen Eggs
Goose Eggs
Ostrich Eggs
Pysanky Sets
All Royal Imperial Eggs
Religious Eggs
Unfinished Eggs
Stone Eggs
Egg Decorating
Egg Decorating Kits
Egg Wraps
All Kistka
Traditional Kistka
110 Volt Electric
220 Volt Electric
Tips
Traditional Drop Pull Tools
110 Volt Electric Drop Pull
Dyes
Traditional Powdered Dyes
Embossing Waxes
Beeswax
Unfinished Eggs
Tools & Accessories
Egg Blowers
Baskets
Findings
Other Tools
Stands
Metal Stands
Plastic Stands
Wooden Stands
Ornament Stands
Domes
Turntables
Toys
3D Puzzles
All Baby & Toddler Toys
Learning Toys
Cars & Trucks
Pretend Play
Toy Dolls
Model Kits
Games
Animal Figurines
Jewelry
Egg Pendant Necklaces
Rings
Women's Rings
Men's Rings
Pendants
Sterling Silver
Cross Pendants
Chains
Bracelets
Necklaces
Brooches
Watches
Men's Watches
Wishlist (0)
Log in
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
Sub-category
Has my order shipped? Click the "My Account" link at the top right-hand side of our site to check your orders status. How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?Please call (877) 797-2659 or email support@bestpysanky.com How do I track my order?Once your order is shipped- we will email the tracking details My order never arrived.Please call (877) 797-2659 or email support@bestpysanky.com An item is missing from my shipment. Please call (877) 797-2659 or email support@bestpysanky.com My product is missing parts. Please call (877) 797-2659 or email support@bestpysanky.com My Account How do I create an account? 1) Click the "Create an account" link at the top right side of our site. 2) Enter your email address. 3) Select "I am a new customer". Then simply follow the prompts to complete setting up your account. Your information is NEVER sold to any other company and is kept completely private. Please view our Privacy Policy for more information. How do I edit my account information? Click the "My Account" link at the top right-hand side of our site to edit your account information. How much is my shipping? Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. I forgot my password. Click the "Sign In" link at the top right-hand side of our site. Under the login box, you'll see a link that says "Forgot your password? Click here". That link will send an email to you with your password. How do I return my product? Please click here for more information on returning an item I received the wrong product. If you feel that you have received the wrong product, please contact customer service within 72 hours of receiving the product. What is your return policy? We have 60 days return policy. When will my order ship? You will receive a shipment confirmation when your order has shipped and tracking information within 24-48 business hours of shipment. International Shipping Do you ship to my country? Please create an account by clicking the "Create account" link at the top right-hand side of our site. During signup, we'll ask for your shipping address details including country. If your country is not in the drop-down menu of available countries, unfortunately, we cannot ship to your country at this time. What are my payment choices? All major credit cards, PayPal, Amazon Pay, Shopify Pay, Google Pay are accepted.When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges? Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information. Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. We will ship your order shortly after we receive payment from you. Privacy Policy We value your privacy. Please view our Privacy Policy for complete details on how we use the information we collect. Security This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security. Pricing and Billing Do I have to pay sales tax? You only have to pay sales tax if you are located in the state of Illinois. I have a question on my charges. Click the "My Account" link at the top right-hand side of our site to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website, with your financial records.If you have further questions or concerns, please contact customer service for further assistance. I need a copy of my receipt/invoice. Click the"My Account" link at the top right-hand side of our site to print invoices. When will my credit appear on my account? Credits usually take 7-10 business days from the time we receive your item(s). When will my credit card be charged? Your credit card will be charged immediately once you place the order. Buyer's Guide How do I find my product? To find the product(s) you're looking for, you may (1) use the navigation menus on the top, left & bottom of our website. (2) type a keyword into the SEARCH box. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance. How do I navigate the site? To navigate this website, simply click on a category you might be interested in. Categories are located on the top, left & bottom of our website. QUICK TIP: Place your mouse cursor over anything you think could be a clickable link. You'll notice that anytime you scroll over something that is a link, your mouse cursor will become a "hand". Whereas scrolling over anything that is NOT a link will leave your cursor as an "arrow". You may also type a keyword into the SEARCH box to quickly find a specific product. If you have any trouble locating a product, feel free to contact customer service for assistance. How do I use a coupon? After adding items to your cart, click the "View Cart" link at the top of this site to view your cart. At the bottom of the shopping cart you'll see a box where you may enter your coupon code.
"Close (esc)"