http://www.hqhair.com/articles/terms-conditions.list
HQhair | About Us | Terms & Conditions
Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to main content
en - GBP
Change
Help
HQHair - EN
HQHair - EN
Account
Login
Register
Your Orders
Your Referrals
0
0
My basket
There are currently no items in your basket.
Continue Shopping
Site Navigation - use tab or left/right arrows to navigate, use down arrows to open sub menus where available, press escape key to return to top level.
Back
Brands
A
AcnEase
Acorelle
Adam Revolution
A'kin
Alchimie Forever
Algenist
Alpecin
Alterna
Amazing Cosmetics
AMELIORATE
Anne Semonin
Antipodes
Aquis
Aramis
Archipelago Botanicals
Ardell
Argan Liquid Gold
Argentum
Ark
AromaWorks
As I Am
Aurelia Probiotic Skincare
Australian Bodycare
Aveeno
Avène
Avojo
B
Babor
Babyliss
Babyliss for Men
BaByliss Pro
Baby Quasar
Bakel
Balance Me
Balmain
Barry M
Baxter of California
Bean Body
BeautyPro
Beauty Works
Bellapierre
Benefit
Benton
Billion Dollar Brows
BIOEFFECT
Bioglan
Biolage R.A.W
Bleach London
Blink Brow Bar
Bliss
Bloom and Blossom
Bondi Sands
Borghese
Bouclème
Bourjois
Braun
Brush Works
Bubble T
Bulldog Skincare for Men
Bumble and bumble
Burt's Bees
Butter London
C
Calvin Klein
Cantu
Carolina Herrera
Carter & Bond
Carven
Caudalie
Centrum
Chantecaille
Chloe
Christophe Robin
Ciate
Clean & Clear
Colbert MD
Color Wow
Compagnie de Provence
Connock London
Contour Cosmetics
Cosmetics 27
COSRX
Cover FX
Cowshed
Cult51
D
Daniel Sandler
David Mallett
Davidoff
Dead Sea Spa Magik
Dear, Klairs
Deborah Lippman
Decléor
Delilah
Denman
DermaTx
DHC
Diva
DKNY Fragrance
Doucce
Dr Botanicals
Dr Dennis Gross Skincare
Dr. Hauschka
Dr Lipp
Dr Pawpaw
DS Laboratories
Duck & Dry
DuWop
E
Ecooking
EcoTools
Electric Head Jog
Elegant Touch
Elemental Herbology
Elemis
Elizabeth Arden
Ellia
Ellis Faas
Embryolisse
Eos
Erno Laszlo
EShave
ESPA
Essie
Eucerin
Eve Rebirth
Evo
EX1 Cosmetics
Eyeko
Eylure
F
Face Stockholm
Fade Out
Fake Bake
Farmacy
Fekkai
Filorga
First Aid Beauty
Foltène
Foreo
Frank Body
Freezeframe
Fudge
G
Gallinée
Garnier
Gatineau
Gentlemen's Tonic
Geo F Trumper
ghd
Giovanni
GLAMGLOW
Glamoriser
GLOV
Goldfaden MD
Goldwell
Green People
Grow Gorgeous
H
Hairburst
Hairfinity
Head Jog
Healgel
He-Shi
HD Brows
Hip Face
Holistic Silk
HoMedics
Hugo Boss
HURRAW!
Hydrea London
I
iKoo
ila Spa
Illamasqua
iluminage
Imedeen
INC.redible
Indeed Labs
Ingenious Beauty
Inika
Instant Effects
Instantly Ageless
Institut Esthederm
Invisibobble
IOMA
iWhite
J
Jack Black
James Read
Jane Iredale
Japonesque
Jason
Jasper Conran
Jean Paul Gautier
Jecca Blac
Jessica Nails
Jo Hansford
John Masters Organics
Joico
Jojoba
JOOP!
Juicy Couture
Jurlique
K
Karin Herzog
Kebelo
Kent Brushes
KeraCare
Kérastase
Kerastraight
KIKI Health
Kiss The Moon
Klorane
KMS
Konjac Sponge
Korres
L
Label.m
Lancaster
Lancer
LanoLips
L'Anza
Laura Geller
Layla Cosmetics
LDN: SKINS
Legology
Leighton Denny
Le Mini Macaron
Lierac
Lilibeth of New York
Lime Crime
Lipstick Queen
Little Butterfly London
Living Nature
Lock Stock & Barrel
Look Good Feel Better
Lord & Berry
L'Oreal Paris
L'Oreal Paris Men Expert
L'Oreal Professionnel
Lottie London
Louise Galvin
Love Boo
Lqd Skin Care
Luster
Luxie
M
Madara
MAGICSTRIPES
Magnitone
Mama Mio
Mancave
Mane n Tail
Manuka Doctor
Marc Jacobs
Marvis
Matrix
Mauli
Mavala
Max Factor
Maybelline
Mazorin
MDMflow
Mellow Cosmetics
Menaji
Men Rock
MGC
Michael Kors
Mine Tan
Mio Skincare
Missha
Missoni
ModelCo
Molton Brown
Monu
MOR
Morgan Taylor
Moroccanoil
Moschino
Murad
Murdock
Myprotein Max Elle
Myvitamins
N
Nailberry
Nails Inc
Nailtiques
Nanogen
Naobay
Natio
Neom
Neutrogena
New CID Cosmetics
Niko Pro
Nina Ricci
NIOD
NIOXIN
NIP+FAB
Nourella
Nourkrin
Nubo
NUDESTIX
NuFACE
Nuxe
NYX Professional Makeup
O
Obsessive Compulsive Cosmetics
Oh K!
Oh Yeahh!
Olaplex
OPI
Oral B
Original & Mineral
Orly
Ortigia
OUAI
P
Paco Rabanne
Pai
Paperself
Paradoxx
Parlux
Paula's Choice
Paul Mitchell
PAYOT
Pearl Drops
Percy Reed
Perricone MD
Pestle & Mortar
Peter Thomas Roth
Philip B
Philip Kingsley
Philips
Philosophy
Phyto
PIXI
Piz Buin
PMD
Polaar
Popband
Prai
Pro Blo
Project Lip
Pupa
Pureology
PÜR Cosmetics
R
Radical Skincare
RapidLash
Real Chemistry
Real Techniques
Red Carpet Manicure
Redken
Regaine
Regenerate
REN
René Furterer
Renu
Revlon
Richard James
Riemann P20
Rimmel
Rio
Rituals
RMK
RPR
Rubis
S
Sachajuan
Sally Hansen
Salvatore Ferragamo
Sambucol
Sampar
Sanctuary Spa
Sarah Chapman Skinesis
Schwarzkopf
Seascape
Sebastian Professional
Sexy Hair
Shaveworks
Shea Moisture
SHOW Beauty
Shu Uemura Art of Hair
Sienna X
Sigma
SILKE London
Sjal
Skimono
Skin79
Skin Authority
Skinchemists
Skin Doctors
Skinny Tan
Skinpointeight
Skin Republic
Sleek Makeup
Sleep in Rollers
Slendertone
Slip Silk
Snatch Cosmetics
So Eco
Spotlight
STARSKIN
STEAMCREAM
Stila
StriVectin
St.Tropez
Studio 10
StylPro
Sukin
Sunescape
Swell
T
T3
Talika
Tangle Teezer
Tan Organic
Tanworx
Thalgo
The Balm
The Chemistry Brand
The Hero Project
The Inkey List
The Jojoba Company
The Konjac Sponge Company
The Ordinary
The Vintage Cosmetics Company
This Works
Tigi
Tigi Bed Head
TIGI Catwalk
Time Bomb
Tommy Hilfiger
Tonik
Too Cool For School
TRIA
Trilogy
TriPollar
Trussardi
Tweezerman
U
Udo's Choice
Ultrasun
Unwash
Uppercut
Uriage
UTAN and Tone
V
Vani-T
Velvotan
Versace
Verso
Vida Glow
Vincent Longo
Vita Liberata
Vitamasques
Viviscal
W
Wahl
Weleda
Wella Color Fresh
Wella Professionals Care
Westlab
Wet Brush
White Hot
Wilma Schumann
Works with Water
X
Xen Tan
Y
Yes To
Youngblood
Z
Zelens
0-9
3INA
3 More Inches
View all brands
Home
Christmas
Christmas Home
View All Gifts
Party Prep
Must Haves
Stocking Fillers
New In
Hair
Hair Home
5 Star Products
New In
Electricals
Shampoo
Conditioner
Hair Oils
Hair Vitamins
Styling
Treatment
Supersizes
Skincare
Skincare Home
5 Star Products
Anti-ageing
Cleansers
Face Masks
Gifts & Sets
Moisturisers
Night Treatments
Serums & Concentrates
Skin Supplements
Sun Cream & SPF
Toners
Makeup
Makeup Home
Eyebrows
Primer
BB Cream
CC Cream
Concealer
Foundation
Highlighters
Blusher
Bronzer
Eyeshadow
Eyeliner
Finishing Powder
Mascara
Lip Liner & Lip Pencil
Lipstick
Lip Gloss
Make Up Tools
Gift Sets
Tools & Accessories
Tools & Accessories Home
Bodycare Tools
Curling Wand
Hair Dryers
Hair Straighteners
Hair Styling tools & Brushes
Makeup Brushes
Sharpeners
Bath & Body
Bath & Body Home
Bath & Shower Gel
Body Moisturiser
Fake Tan
Bath & Body
Body Oils
Body Scrubs
Fragrance
Fragrance Home
For Her
For Him
Fragrance Candles
Gift Sets
View All
Offers
Offers Home
Gift Sets
Student Discount
Bestsellers
Blog
en - GBP
Change
Help
Save 20% on your haul! Click here and use code: HQ20
Home
Articles
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions ('the Terms') govern the users ('you' or 'your') use of the website www.hqhair.com ('the Website') and your relationship with:(i) The Hut.com Limited (trading as www.hqhair.com) whose registered office is at 5th Floor, Voyager House, Chicago Avenue, Manchester Airport, M90 3DQ; or(ii) (a) if your purchase is made in United States dollars (USD) or Canadian dollars (CAD) and payment is made using a debit/credit/American express card, with THGPP LLC (trading as www.hqhair.com) whose registered office is at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New Castle,  Delaware, 19801, USA;(iii) (a) if your purchase is made in Australian dollars (AUD) and payment is made using a debit/credit/American express card, with Skincarestore Australia Pty Limited (trading as www.hqhair.com) whose office is at G01, 38 Atchison Street, St leonards, NSW 2065 Australia; ('we', 'our', or 'us'). Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under law. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not access nor use the Website. If you have any queries regarding these Terms then please contact us.1. AgreementBy using the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms.2. AmendmentsWe reserve the right to:update these Terms from time to time and any changes will be notified to you via a suitable announcement on the Website. It is your responsibility to check for such changes. The changes will apply to the use of the Website after we have given such announcement. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms you should not continue to use the Website. If you continue to use the Website after the date on which the change comes into effect, your use of the Website indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms; andmodify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website and the material contained within (or any part) without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website or its contents.3. RegistrationYou warrant that:the personal information which you are required to provide when you register is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; andyou are not impersonating any other person or entityThe products purchased on this site are for private and domestic use only and are not for re sale.
You will notify us immediately of any changes to the personal information by e-mailing or telephoning our customer service representatives at:e-mail address: feedback@thehutgroup.comtel: 016181314804. Privacy PolicyWe will treat all your personal information as confidential and will only use it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.When you shop on this Website, we will ask you to input personal details in order for us to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, credit card or other payment information. We confirm that this information will be held by us in accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner's office.5. Protecting Your SecurityTo ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases.We take the risk of internet fraud very seriously. With the volume of fraudulent credit card transactions increasing, we make every effort to ensure all orders are thoroughly checked using the information already supplied. There is a possibility we may contact you to make additional security checks and we ask for your co-operation to enable us to complete them. We will not tolerate fraudulent transactions and such transactions will be reported to the relevant authorities.By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. 6. ComplianceThe Website may only be used for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding the Website and its use. You agree not to upload or transmit through the Website:any computer viruses or anything else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal operating procedures of a computer; andany material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene character7. IndemnityYou agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of these Terms by you, or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website or any other person accessing the Website using your personal information.8. Third Party LinksAs a convenience to our customers, the Website may include links to other websites or material which is beyond our control. For your information, we are not responsible for such websites or material nor do we review or endorse them. We will not be liable, whether directly or indirectly, for the privacy practices or content of such websites nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, materials or services available on such external websites or resources.9. OrdersAll orders are subject to acceptance and availability. If the goods ordered are not available, you will be notified by e-mail (or by other means if no e-mail address has been provided) and you will have the option either to wait until the item is available from stock or to cancel your order.Any orders placed by you will be treated as an offer to purchase the goods or services from us and we have the right to reject such offers at any time. You acknowledge that any automated acknowledgment of your order which you may receive from us shall not amount to our acceptance of your offer to purchase goods or services advertised on the Website. The conclusion of a contract between you and us will take place when we (i) debit your credit, debit card or PayPal account or (ii) dispatch the goods to you or commence the services, whichever is the later.We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data provided by you when accessing or ordering from the Website.The products sold on the Website are not for re-sale or distribution. You are limited to a purchase of 5 items of any one product. We reserve the right to cancel orders and/or suspend accounts where we believe products are being ordered in breach of this provision. You will assume the risk for the products once they have been delivered to the delivery address which you specified when ordering the products.
We accept no liability where you provide an incorrect delivery address or where you fail to collect the products from the delivery address which you specified. 10. Cancellation Rights Where you have purchased the goods or services as a consumer (i.e. for private use as opposed to business use), please note that you are entitled to cancel any contract completed with us within 14 days from the day on which you acquire physical possession of the goods. Where you have purchased the goods or services as a consumer (i.e. for private use as opposed to business use), please note that you are entitled to cancel any contract completed with us within 14 days from the day on which you acquire physical possession of the goods.11. Price and PaymentAll prices shown are inclusive of VAT (where applicable) and are correct at the time they are entered on to the system. We reserve the right, however, to change prices at any time without notice to you.Orders with a delivery address outside the UK may be subject to import duties and taxes (including VAT) which are levied once a delivery reaches your destination country. Any such additional charges must be borne by you. You should note that customs policies and practices vary widely from country to country. We recommend that you contact your local customs office for information.Please note that when shipping goods from outside of the United Kingdom, cross border shipments may be subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. In respect of all goods dispatched to you to an address outside of the United Kingdom, you are deemed to be the importer of the goods and must therefore comply with all the laws and regulations of the country into which the goods are being delivered.Payment can be made by any major credit or debit card or via your PayPal account. Payment will be debited and cleared from your account before the dispatch of your good or provision of the service to you. If payment is to be made via a credit card a pre-auth value of £0.01 will be held against the card until the card issuer validates the payment. In the unlikely event that the price shown on the checkout page is wrong, and we discover this before accepting your order in accordance with clause 9, we are not required to sell the goods to you at the price shown. We always try and ensure that the prices of goods shown on our Website are accurate, but occasionally genuine errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of the goods that you have ordered we will let you know as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If you cancel your order and you have already paid for the goods, then you will receive a full refund.You confirm that the credit, debit card or PayPal account that is being used is yours. All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to or does not, for any reason, authorize payment to us we will not be liable to you for any delay or non-delivery.If your credit or debit card payment is not processed successfully for any reason, we reserve the right to reattempt to process payment. We will give you at least 48 hours' notice in advance of any reattempt to process payment by sending an email to the email address you have provided to us. If you do not want us to reattempt to process payment, you must cancel your order within 48 hours of us sending you this email.You may only use one discount code with each order. We reserve the right to reject or cancel any orders where you add more than one discount code to the basket.We allow you to use discount codes strictly on the terms and conditions upon which they were issued which, amongst other things, may include terms relating to your eligibility to use them and a maximum order value.
Please familiarise yourself with these terms and conditions before you place an order as we reserve the right to reject or cancel any orders which do not comply with these terms even if your credit or debit card has been charged. If there is any inconsistency between the terms and conditions upon which the discount codes were issued and these terms and conditions, the discount code terms and conditions prevail. A copy of the discount code terms and conditions can be obtained by mailing or telephoning our customer service representatives at:e-mail address: feedback@thehutgroup.comTel: 01618131480 12. Eligibility to PurchaseTo be eligible to purchase goods on this Website and lawfully enter into and form contracts on this Website under English law you must:if an individual, be 18 years of age or over; andregister your real name, address, phone number, e-mail address any other details requested.By offering to purchase goods and services you represent to us that you are 18 years of age or over and authorise us to transmit information (included updated information) to obtain information from third parties, including but not limited to, your debit or credit card numbers or credit reports to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit card, to obtain an initial credit card authorisation and to authorise individual purchase transactions.13. Intellectual PropertyThe content of the Website is protected by copyright, trade marks, database and other intellectual property rights and you acknowledge that the material and content supplied as part of the Website shall remain with us or our licensors.You may retrieve and display the content of the Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on the Website.14. Limitation of LiabilityNotwithstanding any other provision in the Terms, nothing in these Terms: affect or limit your rights as a consumer under English law; orwill exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence.The Website is provided on an 'as is' and 'as available' basis without any representation or endorsement made and we make no warranties, whether express or implied, in relation to it and its use. You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee and cannot be responsible for the security or privacy of the Website and any information provided by you. You must bear the risk associated with the use of the Internet.Whilst we will try to ensure that material included on the Website is correct, reputable and of high quality, we cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from the use of such information or for any technical problems you may experience with the Website. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Website we will attempt to correct this as soon as we reasonably can.In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following: incompatibility of the Website with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links;technical problems including errors or interruptions of the Website;unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Website; andfailure of the Website to meet your requirements.To the full extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third party for any consequential or incidental damages (both of which terms includes, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings, wasted expenditure, loss of privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Website.15. SeveranceIf any part of the Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of the Terms.16. WaiverNo waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision.17. Entire AgreementThese Terms form the entire basis of any agreement reached between you and us.18. Law and JurisdictionThese Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and any disputes will be decided only by the English courts.19. Chocolate & SweetsTo make the most of your sweets we recommend that they are consumed within 12 weeks of receipt.All products are individually dated to ensure the products are consumed when they are at the best.Nut contentCustomers should be aware that all our sweets are manufactured and packaged in environments in which nuts may be present and therefore cannot guarantee that any sweets supplied are free of nuts and nut traces. Please note that ingredients provided are those from manufacturers' packaging and lists and are therefore as accurate as those available from sweet manufacturers, we therefore cannot be held responsible for their content. ReturnsIn order to ensure our customers receive the best level of service and are happy to indulge their sweet tooth we offer a comprehensive returns policy in the unlikely event that you are not 100% satisfied with sweets delivered. Please note that the following returns procedure must be followed, and failure to do so may result in us being unable to exchange goods or provide refunds. Also please be aware that we cannot be held responsible and provide refunds/exchanges on stock affected by circumstances beyond our control. This includes damage and neglect after goods are received, goods being stored in climatic conditions such as extremes of temperature that can affect some items - items often stick together or alter appearance slightly, but will taste the same and damage by third parties. In addition please be aware that during the hot summer months goods in transport can be effected by the heat so be aware that delicate items such as chocolate may not always look as intended, but they will of course still taste as good as ever.Should you wish to return an item for any reason please notify us within 48 hours of receipt of your order of any part that is unsatisfactory. In order to arrange a return, please contact us and inform our customer service team of your order number, the item you are returning and the reason for the return. We will then reply with a unique returns authorisation number and the address you need to send the item to.You'll need to package the item securely and include:Your order numberThe returns authorisation numberWhether a replacement or refund is neededThe reason why you are returning the item.Goods returned should be in their original condition and packaging in which they arrived, along with a copy of the invoice or packing slip.Once received items will be checked and refunds on goods and postage arranged where suitable. We cannot issue refunds on simply unwanted goods due the perishable nature of goods on sale. Refunds/exchanges will only be offered on items that are faulty, and were clearly so at the time at which they were dispatched. 20. All Competitions We reserve the right to amend these Terms without notice from time to time.These rules will be deemed incorporated into each competition except to the extent that any specific instruction in a competition provides otherwise. By entering the competition entrants will be deemed to have read and understood these Terms and be bound by them. All of our decisions will be final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into. Any person who is an employee or an immediate family member of an employee of any The Hut Group company or any other person who is directly connected with the organisation of any particular competition is ineligible to participate. Competitions are only open to residents of the UK (excluding Northern Ireland). All entrants are to be aged 18 or over unless any other age restriction is specified or implied. Entrants should, if under 18, obtain permission in advance from their parent or guardian. All entries must be received by the closing date specified in the competition. Answers will be entered upon submission. No responsibility will be taken for any answers that are misdirected, lost for technical or other reasons or received after the closing date. We reserve the absolute right to disqualify without notice any entries to any competition which we consider have used improper technical means to enter and/or we believe is fraudulent. Entrants are liable for their costs to access computer networks. We will not be liable for or accept any responsibility for: (i) any failure by the winner or any entrant to comply with these terms and conditions; (ii) any disruption, delay or misdirection of entries; or (iii) any server, system or network failures, malfunctioning or inaccessibility. We shall be the promoter of all competitions subject to these terms and conditions unless stated otherwise. PrizesIf for any reason an advertised prize is unavailable we reserve the right at our absolute discretion to substitute a similar prize of equivalent or greater value. Only one prize will be awarded per household. There will be no cash or other alternative to the prize offered and prizes are not transferable. NotificationThe winner's name will be selected in a random draw, after the closing date, from all correct answers received. The winner of a prize will be notified within 28 days after the winner has been ascertained. Please allow 28 days for delivery of all prizes. If the winner of the a competition is unable to take up a prize for any reason or if the winner cannot be notified after reasonable efforts having been made then we may dispose of the prize as we think fit without any liability to the winner for having done so. For each competition, only one prize will be awarded per entrant / email address. Names of winners will be available on request. The names of the winners may be published on our Website and/or on our Facebook, Twitter or any other social media platform. Claiming PrizesPrizes Involving Travel: (a) Travel arrangements are the responsibility of prize winners unless otherwise stated; (b) we reserve the right to require written permission from the parent or guardian of any winner who is under the age of 16 and to require such a winner to choose as a companion someone 18 or over. Competition prizes/tickets may be restricted to certain times of the year and unless otherwise stated all prizes must be taken within six months of the date of the competition draw. Where prizes are to be provided by a third party then the winner will be required to complete all appropriate or applicable booking or other formalities direct with such providers. We will have no responsibility for the acts/defaults of any other persons or companies. 21. ReviewsIf you submit a review, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.You grant HQHair.com and its sub-licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose.You agree to waive your right to be identified as the author of such content and your right to object to derogatory treatment of such content.You agree to perform all further acts necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by you to HQHair.com, including the execution of deeds and documents, at the request of HQHair.com.You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that, as at the date that the content or material is submitted to HQHair.com:The content and material is accurate;Use of the content and material you supply does not breach any applicable HQHair.com guidelines and will not cause injury to any person or entity (including that the content or material is not defamatory). You agree to indemnify HQHair.com for all claims brought by a third party against HQHair.com arising out of or in connection with a breach of any of these warranties.Winners of the review competition will be notified by email. Failure to respond to our notification email within 20 days will result in the prize being forfeit.22. Delivery of your gift voucherYou will receive Order Confirmation and Dispatch emails as normal, followed within 24 hours by an email with your printable gift voucher containing a unique code.Your voucher will be delivered as an HTML formatted email - if you forward the email, formatting may not be preserved, but the unique code will still be valid.Each voucher must be used in full in a single transaction. There is no change or credit given for unused portions of a gift voucher.Only one voucher can be redeemed per transaction. The balance of your shopping basket must be paid for using normal payment methods.The gift vouchers cannot be used in conjunction with any other offers (including discount code offers).Vouchers are valid for 12 months from date of issue. Vouchers presented after their expiry date will be treated as void.We accept no liability for vouchers lost or stolen.Vouchers purchased with cards which have had payment reclaimed will be invalidated.Vouchers cannot be returned or refunded, except in accordance with your legal rights.We reserve the right to refuse to accept a Voucher which we deem to have been tampered with, duplicated or which otherwise is suspected to be affected from fraud.We reserve the right to change any of these terms and conditions from time to time without notice and to take appropriate action including cancellation of the voucher if, at our discretion, we deem such action necessary.23. Multibuy OffersThis offer applies only to qualifying items listed in the Multibuy area of this Website.Where any goods are returned (except for an exchange where products are faulty/defective), we are entitled to either require the return of all goods delivered as part of that Multibuy offer at your cost or charge you for the goods retained by you at the full price quoted on this site.24. Gift With Products Promotions24.1 Where we are offering a free gift with a product, we shall only provide one free gift per transaction (irrespective of how many products are purchased). The free gift is subject to availability and we reserve the right to change the free gift for a gift of equivalent value.24.2 In order for us to facilitate the provision of a free gift, it may be necessary for us to include the free gift on our site at a nominal value.
For the avoidance of doubt, you are not entitled to 'purchase' the free gift without purchasing the product it is provided free with and any attempt to 'purchase' the free gift will be cancelled (notwithstanding any automated communication you may receive acknowledging your order).
In the unlikely event that the free gift is despatched to you, you shall be obliged to return the free gift upon written request.25. CreditAny credit will be valid for 6 months from the date of issue and will expire on the anniversary of the date of issue.
Sign up to be first in line for...
New brand drops
HQ sale access
The best beauty discounts
Sign up
View our privacy policy
Thank you!
You are now signed up to our email
Continue Shopping
Not a valid email!
Please double check the email you have entered!
Try Again
Something went Wrong!
There was an error please try again.
Try Again
You are already signed up to our email!
Continue Shopping
Sign up to our newsletters and receive the latest exclusive discount and deals
sign up
Connect with us
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Help & Information
Delivery Information
Returns and Exchanges
Help
Contact Centre
COVID-19
Company information
Company information
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Modern Slavery Statement
About HQHair
About HQHair
About Us
Site Map
Voucher Codes
Become an Affiliate
New Arrivals
Careers
2020 © The Hut.com Ltd.
Pay securely with
Visa
Mastercard
Maestro
Amex
Alipay
One 4 all
Paypal
Clearpay