https://www.hotelchocolat.com/uk/help/terms-and-conditions.html
Hotel Chocolat uses cookies and other tracking technology to deliver personalised ads and content for an improved browsing experience. If you are happy to accept cookies and these uses of personal data, then please click the accept button. Read more about our privacy policy here
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Locations
Stores
Drinks & Ices
The London Restaurant
The Hotel In ST Lucia
The Chocmobile
Ice Lollies
Find Your Nearest
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Our Guarantee
Me
Sign In
Register
My Bag
IMPOSSIBLE!!! Your shopping bag is empty, are you feeling okay?!
Shop Best Selling Gifts
Hotel Chocolat
Search Catalog
menu
Locations
Stores
Drinks & Ices
The London Restaurant
The Hotel In ST Lucia
The Chocmobile
Ice Lollies
Find Your Nearest
Help
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Our Guarantee
Me
Me
Sign In
Register
My Bag
IMPOSSIBLE!!! Your shopping bag is empty, are you feeling okay?!
Shop Best Selling Gifts
Christmas
Christmas Gift Ideas
Gifts For Him
Gifts For Her
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Families
Boozy Gifts For Adults
Gifts For Secret Santa
Finishing Touches
Entertaining at Christmas
Tree Decorations
Christmas Crackers
Top Christmas Gifts
Christmas Boxes
Christmas Crackers
Christmas Hampers
Christmas Wreaths
Unique Christmas Gifts
Entertaining At Christmas
Stocking Fillers
What's New This Christmas
The Velvetiser
Gift Ideas
Shop By Occasion
Best Selling Chocolate Gifts
Anniversary Gifts
Birthday Gifts
Christening Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Congratulations Gifts
Dinner Party Gifts
Eid Chocolate Gifts
Engagement Gifts
Exam Gifts
Get Well Soon Gifts
Good Luck Gifts
Graduation Gifts
Halloween Gifts
House Warming Gifts
New Baby Gifts
Teachers Gifts
Thank You Gifts
Retirement Gifts
Sorry Gifts
Sympathy Gifts
Wedding Gifts
Shop By Recipient
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts for Couples
Gifts for Families
Gifts for Business
Chocolates for Me
Chocolate Experiences
Bean to Bar - Chocolate Making
Chocolate Making For Kids
Chocolate Lock-Ins
Chocolate Tasting Adventures
Corporate Tasting Events
Inspiration
Caramel Lover
Champagne Lifestyle
Cheer Up Gifts
For the Connoisseur
Hard Worker
Romantic Gifts
Award Winning Chocolate
Best Selling Gifts
Chocolate
Chocolate Type
Boozy Liqueur Chocolate
Caramel Chocolate
Cherry Chocolate
Chilli Chocolate
Coffee Chocolate
Cookie Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
Fruity Chocolate
Ginger Chocolate
Marzipan Chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Mint Chocolate
Nut Chocolate
Orange Chocolate
Patisserie Chocolate
Praline Chocolate
Raspberry Chocolate
Strawberry Chocolate
Supermilk Chocolate
Salted Caramel Chocolate
Single Origin Chocolate
Chocolate Truffles
100% Cocoa Chocolate
Variety Chocolate
White Chocolate
Product Type
All Chocolate Products
Advent Calendars
Batons and Slabs
Beauty Gifts
Chocolate Boxes
Chocolate Gift Sets
Chocolate Hampers
Chocolate Selectors
Cooking Chocolate
Coffee
Gift Cards
Small Chocolate Packs
Luxury Biscuits
Vegan Etc
Chocolate without Alcohol
Free From Chocolate
Low Sugar Chocolate
Vegan Chocolate
Vegetarian Chocolates
Price
From £10 to £25
Less than £10
From £25 to £50
More than £50
Special Offers
Sale
Alcohol
Chocolate Cream Liqueur
Cacao Gin
Mint Cream Liqueur
Salted Caramel Vodka
Shop All Alcohol
Hot Chocolate
The Velvetiser
Refill Subscriptions
Mint Hot Chocolate
Salted Caramel
All Hot Chocolate
Subscriptions
Locations
Stores
Cafés
Hotel, Restaurant & Estate
Our ChocMobile
Ice Lollies
Corporate Gifting
Sorry, it appears you are using a browser that is no longer supported by Hotel Chocolat. Please upgrade your browser to a newer version to continue a secure shopping experience.
Home
Terms & Conditions
menu
Help
FAQs
Contact Us
Our Guarantee
Delivery
Order Tracking
Gifting Information
Corporate Responsibility
Cookies Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Promotions Terms & Conditions
Velvetiser FAQs
Subscription FAQs
WHOOSH INSTANT GIFTS FAQs
About VIP.Me
Site Map
Hotel Chocolat Terms & Conditions
BACKGROUND:
We are doing our absolute best to get your deliveries into your home for the time you want them. We accept all orders from March 31st 2020 on the basis we will make best endeavours to meet the delivery within the timescale indicated in the checkout basket but cannot issue any refunds due to later delivery during the current circumstances. Once we are through this, we will reinstate our usual delivery promise.
These Terms and Conditions, together with any and all other documents referred to herein, set out the terms under which Goods are sold by Us through this website.  Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully and ensure that you understand them before ordering any Goods from Our Site.  You will be required to read and accept these Terms and Conditions when ordering Goods.  If you do not agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you will not be able to order Goods through Our Site.  These Terms and Conditions, as well as any and all Contracts are in the English language only.
1. Definitions and Interpretation
In these Terms and Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings:
“Contract” - means a contract for the purchase and sale of Goods, as explained in Clause 8;
“Dispatch Confirmation” - means our acceptance and confirmation of your Order;
“Goods” - means the goods sold by Us through Our Site;
“Order” - means your order for Goods;
“We/Us/Our” - means either Hotel Chocolat PLC Mint House, Newark Close, Royston, Hertfordshire, SG8 5HL United Kingdom. Registered in England and Wales under company number 2805730. VAT number 945695766 (“Hotel Chocolat”) or The Chocolate Tasting Club plc. Mint House, Royston Hertfordshire, SG8 5HL United Kingdom. Registered in England and Wales under company number 4745935. VAT number
2.  Information About Us
2.1   Our Site, www.hotelchocolat.com is owned and operated by Hotel Chocolat and The Chocolate Tasting Club.
3. Access to and Use of Our Site
3.1  Access to Our Site is free of charge.
3.2  It is your responsibility to make any and all arrangements necessary in order to access Our Site.
3.3  Access to Our Site is provided “as is” and on an “as available” basis.  We may alter, suspend or discontinue Our Site (or any part of it) at any time and without notice.  We will not be liable to you in any way if Our Site (or any part of it) is unavailable at any time and for any period.
4. Age Restrictions
Consumers may only purchase Goods containing alcohol through Our Site if they are at least 18 years of age.
5. Intellectual Property
These Terms and Conditions, all content included on Our Site, unless, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, icons, images, sound clips, video clips, data compilations, page layout, underlying code and software is Our property. By continuing to use the Our Site you acknowledge that such material is protected by applicable United Kingdom and International intellectual property and other laws. You may not reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or content on Our Site without written permission from Our authorised representative.
6. International Customers
Due to customs, legal, regulatory and certain practical restrictions applicable to orders placed for international delivery, some of our products may not be available for delivery to certain destinations outside the UK. We reserve the right to define what can and cannot be delivered to which destination. All purchases must be made in Pounds Sterling. International credit card providers or banks will determine the exchange rate and may add an additional processing or administration charge in relation to such payment which international credit card holders will be liable to pay.
When sending to non EU destinations our products are sold on a delivery duty paid by Hotel Chocolat basis. The recipient should not have to pay import duty or any
formal customs entry fee prior to or on delivery. Additional taxes, fees or levies may apply according to local legislation and customers are required to check these details before placing an order for international delivery.
7. Goods, Pricing and Availability
7.1  We make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all descriptions and graphical representations of Goods available from Us correspond to the actual Goods.  Please note, however, the following:
7.1.1  Images of Goods are for illustrative purposes only.  There may be slight variations in colour between the image of a product and the actual product sold due to differences in computer displays and lighting conditions;
7.1.2  Images and/or descriptions of packaging are for illustrative purposes only, the actual packaging of Goods may vary.
7.2  Please note that sub-Clause 7.1 does not exclude Our responsibility for mistakes due to negligence on Our part and refers only to minor variations of the correct Goods, not to different Goods altogether.  Please refer to Clause 11 if you receive incorrect Goods (i.e. Goods that are not as described).
7.3  All Goods are made in the same environment as nuts so we cannot guarantee they are free from nut traces. You can read more about our dietary information here.
7.4  We neither represent nor warrant that Goods will be available.
7.5  We make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all prices shown on Our Site are correct at the time of going online.  We reserve the right to change prices and to add, alter, or remove special offers from time to time and as necessary.  Changes in price will not affect any order that you have already placed (please note sub-Clause 7.8 regarding VAT, however).
7.6  All prices are checked by Us when We process your Order.  In the unlikely event that We have shown incorrect pricing information, please note the following:
7.6.1  We will contact you in writing before proceeding with your Order to inform you of the mistake and to ask you how you wish to proceed.  We will give you the option to purchase the Goods at the correct price or to cancel your Order (or the affected part thereof).  We will not proceed with processing your Order until you respond.  If We do not receive a response from you within 14 days, We will treat your Order as cancelled and notify you of the same in writing.
7.7  In the event that the price of Goods you have ordered changes between your Order being placed and Us processing that Order and taking payment, you will be charged the price shown on Our Site at the time of placing your Order.
7.8  All prices on Our Site include VAT where applicable.  If the VAT rate changes between your Order being placed and Us taking payment, we reserve the right to adjust the the amount of VAT payable Delivery charges are not included in the price of Goods on Our Site.  For more information on delivery charges, can be found here. Delivery options and related charges will be presented to you as part of the order process.
8. Orders – How Contracts Are Formed
8.1  Our Site will guide you through the ordering process.  Before submitting your Order to Us you will be given the opportunity to review your Order and amend it.  Please ensure that you have checked your Order carefully before submitting it.
8.2  No part of Our Site constitutes a contractual offer capable of acceptance.  Your Order constitutes a contractual offer that We may, at Our sole discretion, accept.  Our acknowledgement of receipt of your Order does not mean that we have accepted it.  Our acceptance is indicated by Us sending you a Dispatch Confirmation by email.  Only once We have sent you a Dispatch Confirmation will there be a legally binding Contract between Us and you.
8.3  Dispatch Confirmations shall contain the following information:
8.3.1  Confirmation of the Goods ordered including full details of the main characteristics of those Goods;
8.3.2  Fully itemised pricing for the Goods ordered including, where appropriate, taxes, delivery and other additional charges;
8.3.3  Estimated delivery date(s) and time(s);
8.4  [We will also include a paper copy of the Dispatch Confirmation with your Goods].
8.5  If We, for any reason, do not accept or cannot fulfil your Order, no payment shall be taken under normal circumstances.  If We have taken payment any such sums will be refunded to you as soon as possible and in any event within 14 days.
9. Payment
9.1  Payment for Goods and related delivery charges must always be made in advance and you will be prompted to pay during the order process. We accept the following methods of payment on Our Site:
9.1.1  Visa
9.1.2  MasterCard
9.1.3  Amex
9.1.4  Maestro
9.1.5  PayPal
9.1.6  Klarna
10. Delivery, Risk and Ownership
10.1  All Goods purchased through Our Site will normally be delivered within the times given on the Site during the Order process. During peak periods we have the right to send goods 2 or 3 days earlier to ensure they arrive by the specified date.
10.2  If We are unable to deliver the Goods on the delivery date (if, for example, no one is available at your address to receive the Goods) We will follow any delivery instruction you may have given or attempt to leave your goods in a safe place. If this is not possible, our carrier will leave a note advising of where your goods have been returned to, and how to either arrange re-delivery or collect them.
10.3  In the unlikely event that We fail to deliver the Goods within 30 calendar days of Our dispatch confirmation (unless otherwise agreed as under sub-Clause 10.1), if any of the following apply you may cancel your Order immediately:
10.3.1  We have refused to deliver your Goods; or
10.3.2  In light of all relevant circumstances, delivery within that time period was essential; or
10.3.3  You told Us when ordering the Goods that delivery within that time period was essential.
10.4  If you do not wish to cancel under sub-Clause 10.3 or if none of the specified circumstances apply, you may specify a new (reasonable) delivery date.  If We fail to meet the new deadline, you may then cancel your Order.
10.5  You may cancel all or part of your Order under sub-Clauses 10.3 or 10.4 provided that separating the Goods in your Order would not significantly reduce their value.  Any sums that you have already paid for cancelled Goods and their delivery will be refunded to you.  Please note that if any cancelled Goods are delivered to you, you must return them to Us. We will bear the cost of returning the cancelled Goods.
10.6  Delivery shall be deemed complete once We have delivered the Goods to the address including, where relevant, any alternative address provided in your Order.
10.7  The risk in the Goods shall remain with Us until they come into your physical possession.
10.8  Ownership of the Goods passes to you once we have received payment in full of all sums due (including any applicable delivery charges).
10.9  None of our Products are for resale and the offering for sale of any of our Products is strictly forbidden. We reserve the right to take legal action in respect of any resale or offer for sale.
11. Faulty, Damaged or Incorrect Goods
11.1  By law, We must provide goods that are of satisfactory quality, fit for purpose, as described at the time of purchase, in accordance with any pre-contract information We have provided. If any Goods you have purchased do not comply and, for example, have faults or are damaged when you receive them, or if you receive incorrect Goods, please contact us as soon as reasonably possible to inform Us of the fault, damage or error, and to arrange for a refund, repair or replacement.
11.2  Beginning on the day that you receive the Goods you have a 30 Calendar Day right to reject the Goods and to receive a full refund if they do not conform as stated above.  Alternatively, you may request replacement Goods.  We will bear any associated costs and will carry out the replacement within a reasonable time and without significant inconvenience to you.  In certain circumstances, where a replacement is impossible or otherwise disproportionate, We may instead offer you a full refund.  If you request a replacement during the 30 Calendar Day rejection period, that period will be suspended while We carry out the replacement and will resume on the day that you receive the replacement Goods.  If less than 7 Calendar Days remain out of the original period, it will be extended to 7 Calendar Days.  If, after replacement, the Goods still do not conform (or if We cannot do so as previously described, or have failed to act within a reasonable time or without significant inconvenience to you), you may have the right either to keep the Goods at a reduced price, or to reject them in exchange for a refund.  If you exercise the final right to reject the goods more than six months after you have received the Goods (and ownership of them), We may reduce any refund to reflect the use that you have had out of the Goods.
11.3  Please note that you will not be eligible to claim under this Clause 11 if We informed you of the issue with the Goods before your purchase of the them (and it is because of the same issue that you now wish to return them). Please also note that you may not return Goods to Us under this Clause 11 merely because you have changed your mind.  If you are a consumer in the European Union you have a legal right to a 14 calendar day cooling off period within which you can return Goods for this reason.  Please refer to Clause 12 for more details.
11.4  To return Goods to Us for any reason under this Clause 11, first contact us at help@hotelchocolat.com or call 03444 93 23 23. We will be fully responsible for the costs of returning Goods under this Clause 11 and will reimburse you where appropriate.
11.5  Refunds (whether full or partial, including reductions in price) under this Clause 11 will be issued within 14 Calendar Days of the day on which We agree that you are entitled to the refund.
11.6  Any and all refunds issued under this Clause 11 will include all delivery costs paid by you when the Goods were originally purchased.
11.7  For further information on your rights as a consumer, please contact your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
12. Cancelling and Returning Goods if You Change Your Mind (this clause does not apply to business purchasers/uses)
12.1  If you are a consumer in the European Union, you have a legal right to a “cooling off” period within which you can cancel the Contract for any reason.  This period begins once your Order is complete and We have sent you your Dispatch Confirmation, i.e. when the Contract between you and Us is formed.
12.1.1  If the Goods are being delivered to you in a single instalment (whether single or multiple items), the cooling off period ends 14 calendar days after the day on which you receive the Goods.
12.1.2  If the Goods are being delivered in separate instalments on separate days, the cooling off period ends 14 calendar days after the day on which you receive the final instalment of Goods.
12.1.3  If your order is for the regular delivery of Goods over a defined period, the cooling off period ends 14 calendar days after the day on which you receive the first delivery of Goods.
12.2  If you wish to exercise your right to cancel under this Clause 12, you must inform Us of your decision within the cooling off period. You may do so in any way you wish, using the contact details below. Cancellation by email or by post is effective from the date on which you send Us your message.  Please note that the cooling off period lasts for whole calendar days.  If, for example, you send Us an email or letter by 23:59 on the final day of the cooling off period, your cancellation will be valid and accepted.  If you would prefer to contact us directly to cancel, please use the following details:
12.2.1  Telephone: 03444 93 23 23
12.2.2  Email: help@hotelchocolat.com
12.2.3  Post: Customer Services, Hotel Chocolat, Mint House Newark Close, Royston, SG85HL
12.3  We may ask you why you have chosen to cancel and may use any answers you provide to improve Our Goods and services, however please note that you are under no obligation to provide any details if you do not wish to.
12.4  Please note that you may lose your legal right to cancel under this Clause 12 if you have unsealed the Goods after receiving them.
12.5  Please ensure that you return Goods to Us no more than 14 calendar days after the day on which you have informed Us that you wish to cancel under this Clause 12.
12.6  You may return Goods to Us by post to FREEPOST HOTEL CHOCOLAT and we recommend that you obtain Proof of Postage under this Clause 12. Should you wish to return goods in any other way, the cost of returning Goods to Us should not normally exceed the cost of the Postage and Packaging charge paid for your original order. We recommend that a trackable delivery service is always used. Before returning goods to us, we ask that you contact us at help@hotelchocolat.com or call 03444 93 23 23.
12.7  Refunds under this Clause 12 will be issued to you within 14 calendar days of the following:
12.7.1  The day on which We receive the Goods back; or
12.7.2  The day on which you inform Us (supplying evidence) that you have sent the Goods back (if this is earlier than the day under sub-Clause 12.7.1); or
12.7.3  If We have not yet provided a Dispatch Confirmation or have not yet dispatched the Goods, the day on which you inform Us that you wish to cancel the Contract.
12.8  Standard delivery charges will be reimbursed in full as part of your refund.  We will only reimburse the equivalent standard delivery costs when issuing refunds under this Clause 12.
12.9  Refunds under this Clause 12 will be made using the same payment method that you used when ordering the Goods.
13. Our Liability to Consumers
13.1  We will be responsible for any foreseeable loss or damage that you may suffer as a result of Our breach of these Terms and Conditions or as a result of Our negligence.  Loss or damage is foreseeable if it is an obvious consequence of Our breach or negligence or if it is contemplated by you and Us when the Contract is created.  We will not be responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable.
13.2  Nothing in these Terms and Conditions seeks to limit or exclude Our liability for death or personal injury caused by Our negligence (including that of Our employees, agents or sub-contractors); or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
13.3  Nothing in these Terms and Conditions seeks to exclude or limit Your legal rights as a consumer.  For more details of Your legal rights, please refer to Your local Citizens Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
14.  Events Outside of Our Control (Force Majeure)
14.1  We will not be liable for any failure or delay in performing Our obligations where that failure or delay results from any cause that is beyond Our reasonable control.  Such causes include, but are not limited to: power failure, internet service provider failure, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, riots and other civil unrest, fire, explosion, flood, storms, earthquakes, subsidence, acts of terrorism (threatened or actual), acts of war (declared, undeclared, threatened, actual or preparations for war), epidemic or other natural disaster, or any other event that is beyond Our reasonable control.
14.2  If any event described under this Clause 15 occurs that is likely to adversely affect Our performance of any of Our obligations under these Terms and Conditions:
14.2.1  We will inform you as soon as is reasonably possible;
14.2.2  Our obligations under these Terms and Conditions (and therefore the Contract) will be suspended and any time limits that We are bound by will be extended accordingly;
14.2.3  We will inform you when the event outside of Our control is over and provide details of any new dates, times or availability of Goods as necessary;
14.2.4  If the event outside of Our control continues for more than 28 days  We will cancel the Contract and inform you of the cancellation.  Any refunds due to you as a result of that cancellation will be paid to you as soon as is reasonably possible and in any event within 14 days of the date on which the Contract is cancelled;
14.2.5  If an event outside of Our control occurs and continues for more than 28 days and you wish to cancel the Contract as a result, you may do so.  Any refunds due to you as a result of such cancellation will be paid to you as soon as is reasonably possible and in any event within 14 days of the date on which the Contract is cancelled.
14.2.6  If the contract is cancelled by you or by Us under this Clause 15, any relevant Goods that must be returned will be returned at Our expense (with Us reimbursing you where appropriate).
15. Communication and Contact Details
15.1  If you wish to contact us with general questions or complaints, you may contact us by telephone at 03444 932323, by email at help@hotelchocolat.com, or by post at Customer Services, Hotel Chocolat, Mint House Newark Close, Royston, SG85HL
15.2  For matters relating the Goods or your Order, please contact us by telephone at 03444 932323, by email at help@hotelchocolat.com, or by post at Customer Services, Hotel Chocolat, Mint House Newark Close, Royston, SG85HL
15.3  For matters relating to cancellations, please contact us by telephone at 03444 932323, by email at help@hotelchocolat.com, or by post at Customer Services, Hotel Chocolat, Mint House Newark Close, Royston, SG85HL, or refer to the relevant Clauses above.
16.  Complaints and Feedback
16.1  We always welcome feedback from Our customers and, whilst We always use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that your experience as a customer of Ours is a positive one, We nevertheless want to hear from you if you have any cause for complaint.
16.2  All complaints are handled in accordance with Our complaints handling policy and procedure, available from help@hotelchocolat.com
16.3  If you wish to complain about any aspect of your dealings with Us, please contact us in one of the following ways:
16.3.1  In writing, addressed to Customer Services, Hotel Chocolat, Mint House Newark Close, Royston, SG8 5HL;
16.3.2  By email, addressed to help@hotelchocolat.com
16.3.3  Using Our complaints form, following the instructions included with the form  here;
16.3.4  By contacting Us by telephone on 03444 932323
17. How We Use Your Personal Information (Data Protection)
17.1  All personal information that We may collect (including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, recipient details and telephone number) will be collected, used and held in accordance with the provisions of applicable data protection legislation and in accordance with our Privacy Policy here.
17.2  As further described in the Privacy Policy we may use your personal information to:
17.2.1  Provide Our Goods and services to you;
17.2.2  To organise and facilitate the supply of our Goods and services to you;
17.2.3  Process your Order (including payment) for the Goods; and
17.2.4  Inform you of new products and/or services (if you opt or have previously opted to receive it).  You may request that We stop sending you this information at any time.
18. Use of Our Site
18.1   You may not use Our Site for any of the following purposes:
18.1.1  disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libellous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene or otherwise objectionable material or otherwise breaching any laws;
18.1.2  transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or codes of practice;
18.1.3  interfering with any other person’s use or enjoyment of Our Site; or
18.1.4  making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright or other intellectual property right without the proper permission
18.2  You will be responsible for Our losses and costs resulting from your breach of clause 18.1.
18.3  You may link to Our Site, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on Our part where none exists.
18.4  Our Site must not be framed on any other website.
18.5  Our Site provides links to other websites for your information. If you use these links, you will be redirected away from our website. We therefore do not endorse or make any representations about third party websites, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked via Our Site, you do so entirely at your own risk. We accept no responsibility for third party websites or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them.
18.6  When you use Our Site, you'll see that We offer you recommendations, showing Goods we think you might like. These are based on your past purchases, top sellers, ratings and recently-viewed Goods. We determine your interests and suggest new Goods you may like; additionally we compare your interests and buying habits with the interests and habits of other customers, to show you relevant Goods.
19.  Other Important Terms
19.1  We may suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms and Conditions and the suspension or cancellation of your registration and your right to use Our Site shall not affect either party’s statutory rights or liabilities.
19.2  The Contract is between you and Us.  It is not intended to benefit any other person or third party in any way and no such person or party will be entitled to enforce any provision of these Terms and Conditions.
19.3  If any of the provisions of these Terms and Conditions are found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by any court or other authority, that those provision(s) shall be deemed severed from the remainder of these Terms and Conditions.  The remainder of these Terms and Conditions shall be valid and enforceable.
19.4  No failure or delay by Us in exercising any of Our rights under these Terms and Conditions means that We have waived that right, and no waiver by Us of a breach of any provision of these Terms and Conditions means that We will waive any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
19.5  We may revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time in response to changes in relevant laws and other regulatory requirements.  If We change these Terms and Conditions as they relate to your Order, We will give you reasonable advance notice of the changes and provide details of how to cancel if you are not happy with them. If you do opt to cancel, you must return any affected Goods you have already received and we will arrange for a full refund (including delivery charges) which will be paid within 14 days of your cancellation.
19.6  Nothing said by any sales person on Our behalf should be understood as a variation of these Terms and Conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any Goods offered for sale by Us. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
19.7  The Velvetiser is not for resale and the offering it for sale is strictly forbidden. Without our prior written consent (further terms and conditions apply) the Velvetiser is not for commercial use and anything other than domestic use is strictly forbidden. We reserve the right to take legal action in respect of any resale or commercial use of the Velvetiser.
20. Law and Jurisdiction
20.1  These Terms and Conditions, and the relationship between you and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law.
20.2  Any disputes concerning these Terms and Conditions, the relationship between you and Us, the Goods or any matters arising therefrom or associated therewith (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
FOR THE TRANSACTIONS SET OUT BELOW THE ABOVE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY. IN ADDITION THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW ALSO APPLY AND IF THERE IS ANY CONFLICT BETWEEN  THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ABOVE AND THOSE SET OUT BELOW THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE.
21. TERMS APPLYING ONLY TO EVENTS
21.1  Full payment must be made at the time of booking. All guests must pre-book a date and time. Tickets purchased are non-refundable and the date is non-transferable after 48 hours before the event.
21.2  We reserve the right to vary prices and timings without prior notice, in addition to this we reserve the right to alter, close or withdraw attractions within the gift experiences without notice. We will endeavour to inform customers via email and/or telephone of any changes. Late or early arrival will be accommodated as best as possible although entry cannot be guaranteed. Arrivals ten minutes after the gift experience start time will not be allowed entrance.
21.2  We reserve the right to vary prices and timings without prior notice, in addition to this we reserve the right to alter, close or withdraw attractions within the gift experiences without notice. We will endeavour to inform customers via email and/or telephone of any changes. Late or early arrival will be accommodated as best as possible although entry cannot be guaranteed. Arrivals ten minutes after the gift experience start time will not be allowed entrance.
21.3  The purchase of Event tickets are exempt from all discounts and rewards, including VIP.ME.
Minimum guest: 20 unless pre-agreed. A 50% non-refundable deposit, or full payment is required prior to the event and final numbers must be confirmed one week prior to the event.
The remaining balance will be taken 1 week prior to the event.
No refunds will be made if guest numbers are below the pre-agreed amount.
23. TERMS APPLYING ONLY TO BESPOKE AND CONCIERGE PRODUCTS FOR BUSINESS ORDERS
Clause 12 of these Terms and Conditions does not apply to business orders. For business or corporate purchasers of bespoke and concierge Goods the following shall apply:
23.1  all necessary artwork must be received by us at least 28 days before the intended delivery date of the products. You will be required to pay for any artwork and associated costs at the rates quoted for each product on Our Site;
23.2  We have your permission to use your artwork and logos for the purposes of printing and fulfilling the order;
23.3  the design and layout of the artwork must be approved by an authorised person within your business prior to any printing being carried out; and
23.4  where bespoke artwork has been requested and approved in accordance with this clause 23 and the order is subsequently cancelled by the business or corporate purchaser, a payment of 60% of the invoice value of the products must be paid to us.
24. Subscription Terms & Conditions
Including:
Velvetiser refills / Sleekster / Monthly Curated Collections
1.       You must be aged 18 or over to set up a subscription and be registered to a UK address.
2.       When ordering other items together with a subscription delivery, free delivery is for 1 x UK Standard delivery only and will not apply if you request your items to be sent in a separate delivery to another address.
3.       Free delivery offer is for UK Standard delivery only.
4.       Subscription deliveries must be cancelled before midnight the day before your next despatch is due. Any cancellation requests received after this time will apply after the ‘in progress’ delivery has been made.
5.       When starting your subscription, we aim to despatch your first delivery immediately, subject to stock availability. Further amendments can then be made via My Account.
6.       Unless you request otherwise, subscription deliveries will be sent every month, on or around the same calendar day. We reserve the right to amend or change this date.
7.       Subscriptions require a valid payment card upon registration. This card will be used for payment in advance of each Order being placed. In the event that a card payment is not successful, the subscription delivery and any other requested products will not be sent.
You will be notified if a payment has not been processed.
8.       No discount codes/special offers may be applied to a subscription Order.
9.       You may request to skip a subscription delivery via My Account. Your next delivery won’t be sent and will resume again for the next scheduled delivery.
10.
Prices are subject to change without notice and are not guaranteed.
11.
Any previous Tasting Club and / or Specials Club terms no longer apply.
Inventing Room
Additional Terms & Conditions
1.       The Inventing Room box cannot be selected as a one-off and can only be ordered as a subscription.
2.       The Inventing Room box will be despatched monthly.
3.       You will be able to select a preferred despatch date within a limited time period.
4.       You can decide to cancel your subscription following 3 months of membership by updating your account details My Account.
5.       Access to the Inventing Room is limited and you may be held on a waiting list if there is no availability.
You will be contacted when a membership space becomes available.
6.       The cost of the Inventing Room includes free standard UK delivery.
7.       You may request to pause your Inventing Room box up to 3 times in any 12 month period.
8.       You will be provided with access to the Inventing Room Community Hub for as long as you have a valid membership.
9.       Cancellation of the Inventing Room will immediately remove access to the Community Hub and all information and offers held within it.
10.   Any previous Tasting Club and / or Specials Club terms no longer apply.
Gift Card Terms & Conditions
For the purposes of these terms and conditions ‘Gift Cards’ refers to both Gift Cards and electronic eGift Cards unless otherwise stated.
Gift Cards are accepted online, in store and in our restaurants as a method of payment. They can be activated with a minimum value of £5.00 and have a maximum value limit of £5,000 or countries currency equivalent. To use your
Gift Card online at hotelchocolat.com simply enter the number on the Gift Card and PIN number at the checkout page to redeem the credit towards your purchase. Any balance remaining after your transaction will remain on the
Gift Card. The value on the Gift Card will expire if not used, credit redeemed or credit topped up within 24 consecutive months from the date of activity.
Gift cards are exempt from all offers online and in store, they cannot be discounted or used to purchase another Gift Card.
The Gift Card is not a cheque guarantee, credit, debit or charge card and cannot be exchanged for cash, returned or refunded, except in accordance with your legal rights. Gift Cards cannot be used for payment in Hotel Chocolat franchises, concessions, in third party department stores or independent retail outlets.
You can credit and top-up stored value on your Gift Card by cash, credit or debit card in store. The minimum value you can credit your Gift Card with each time is £5.00; the maximum amount is £5,000. The maximum credit value you can store on your Gift Card at any time is £5,000.
A Gift Card is intended for your personal use and, as such, you are not entitled to sell, distribute or otherwise make any commercial use of your Gift Card. For the avoidance of doubt, this shall not prevent you from giving a Gift Card as a gift, provided that such gifting is not part of or connected to any commercial activity, unless otherwise agreed in writing with Hotel Chocolat.
You may obtain information about the remaining balance on the card at any till point in store, online or, once registered, via your online account or by calling our customer experiences team on 03444 93 23 23.
We reserve the right to amend these terms & conditions in relation to our products and the purchase of them, where we consider it reasonable and necessary to do so. The terms do not affect your statutory rights.
Gift Experiences Terms & Conditions
All guests must pre-book a date and time.
Full payment must be made at the time of booking.
Late or early arrival will be accommodated as best as possible although entry cannot be guaranteed. Arrivals after stated last entry time will not be allowed entrance.
Hotel Chocolat reserves the right to vary prices and timings without prior notice, in addition to this we reserve the right to alter, close or withdraw attractions within the Tasting Adventures without notice.
Children under the age of 18 must be accompanied by an adult.
Hotel Chocolat reserves the right to refuse admission.
Tickets purchased are non-refundable and the date is non transferable after 48 hours before the event.
Smoking is prohibited on our premises.
Hotel Chocolat shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage that may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials.
Private Events - Prompt arrival is necessary to ensure the smooth running of your tutored tasting. Please aim to arrive 15 minutes before the commencement of your tasting. Groups and individuals arriving more than 15 minutes late are subject to cancellation. An increase to guests numbers must be advised a minimum of 48 hours prior to commencement of the event.
Corporate Events - Minimum number of guests is 20. Payment is required for minimum numbers (20) to confirm the booking. Final numbers must be confirmed one week prior to the event and you will be invoiced for the remaining balance. No refunds will be made if guest numbers fall below 20.
Please note Hotel Chocolat's Tasting Adventure events are not sales-orientated. Guests will always be informed where they can purchase what they taste if they so wish, but the objective of the event is enjoyment and education, and never sales.
The purchase of Gift Experiences are exempt from all discounts and rewards, including VIP.ME.
Boucan Hotel Saint Lucia
By using this website and Boucan Hotel Saint Lucia online booking service you are agreeing to be bound by the Terms and Conditions detailed below which form the basis of your contract with Boucan Hotel Saint Lucia. In the Terms & Conditions set out below, “you” and “your” refers to all persons named on the booking, which includes any individual(s) subsequently added or substituted at a later date. “We”, “us” and “our” all refer to Boucan Hotel Saint Lucia.
1. Making a booking
By making a booking you are confirming that you are authorised to do so on behalf of all persons named in the booking and you are acknowledging that all members of your party agree to be bound by these Terms & Conditions.
When your booking has been made a confirmation will be sent to you by email using the email address that you have supplied. You should retain a copy of this confirmation for your reference. Booking confirmations are subject to the availability of accommodation at the hotel.
You should carefully check the details of your confirmation as soon as you receive it. You must contact us immediately if any of the details are incorrect or incomplete.
We will always endeavour to rectify any inaccuracies or accommodate any alterations you wish to make to your booking. We cannot accept liability for any inaccuracies that are not brought to our attention within seven days of issuing your confirmation, nor can we accept responsibility for inaccurate information that you have supplied.
2. Paying for your booking
A three night deposit is required at the time of booking to guarantee the reservation. The balance of the stay is payable on arrival at the hotel (at Christmas and/or New Year the balance is payable 60 days in advance).
Any extra costs incurred during your stay, must be paid at the hotel when you checkout. Cash, credit or debit cards are welcome in settlement of your hotel account. Cheques are not accepted as payment.
All prices are quoted, and payment is taken, in US Dollars and exclude the 10% Saint Lucia Government tax.
3. Invoice
An invoice will be provided at the hotel on departure. Please be aware that VAT is charged at 10% in Saint Lucia and any retail store purchases incur a 12.5% VAT charge.
4. Price changes
We reserve the right to increase or decrease the price of unsold breaks at any time. The price of your chosen break will be confirmed when your booking is made and, with the exception of any errors, we will not increase this price once it has been confirmed. We reserve the right to correct any errors in advertised and confirmed prices and will do so as soon as we become aware of an error. We will notify you of any price discrepancies relating to your booking should they arise, but we strongly advise you to check that the final price of your booking is correct before making your final confirmation.
5. Amendments to your booking
You should notify us of any amendments to your confirmed booking by telephone or in writing by post or by email to reservations@hotelchocolat.com as soon as possible. Amendments are subject to availability and those made outside the cancellation period (see below) may be subject to cancellation charges.
6. Cancellations by guests
As a small hotel, unexpected cancellations can make a big impact to us. Please therefore give us as much notice as possible if you intend to cancel your booking. Regrettably we have to make a charge equivalent to three nights of accommodation if we are advised less than 21 days before the intended arrival date. Similarly we have to charge three nights’ accommodation if you have to leave us before your intended departure date. We strongly recommend you take out travel insurance to cover you for the cost of the above cancellation scenarios.
7. Cancellations and changes made by us
In the unlikely event that the hotel is unable to accommodate a confirmed reservation it may be necessary to offer an alternative of an equal or a superior standard. If at any time we need to make changes that will significantly affect your stay or we need to cancel your stay, we will tell you as soon as possible, offering a suitable alternative or a refund. This does not apply to minor changes or events during your stay, resulting from unusual or unforeseeable circumstances beyond our control.
We cannot be held responsible for cancelling your booking as a result of your failure to comply with any requirement of our Terms & Conditions, and we cannot be held liable for any expenses, costs or losses incurred by you as a result of any change or cancellation.
If a guest or a member of your party behaves in a way that causes or is likely to cause danger, upset or distress to a third party or to hotel or guest property, we are entitled, without prior notice, to curtail the stay and request that the person(s) concerned leave the hotel. No refunds or return travel arrangements will be made and we will not pay any expenses or costs incurred as a result of such a curtailment.
8. Additional Requests
All additional or special requests are subject to availability and we cannot guarantee the provision for special requests. Any additional requests made should be prior to your arrival at the hotel, giving reasonable advance notice.
9. Medical conditions
If you or any member of your party has a medical problem or disability which may affect your stay, please call Reservations to advise us so that we can make provision for the particular needs of the person(s) concerned, or advise you if we are unable to make such provision. If details are not provided to us at the time of booking, the hotel reserves the right to cancel the booking should it be unable to make appropriate provision for a specific need or needs.
10. Circumstances beyond our control
We cannot accept responsibility for unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. These include (but are not limited to) adverse weather conditions, fire, riot, war, terrorist activity (or threat of such activity), industrial dispute, natural disaster, or injuries and death of an individual(s) through accidental circumstances unconnected with the hotel.
By making a booking you are accepting responsibility for any damage or loss caused by yourself or a member of your party. Full payment for any such damage or loss must be paid to the hotel owner or manager on demand. If you fail to do so, you will be responsible for meeting any claims subsequently made (together with our own and the other party’s full legal costs) as a result of your actions.
11. Complaints
If you are dissatisfied with any aspect of your stay you should bring the problem or issue to the attention of the duty manager at the hotel as soon as possible so that all reasonable efforts can be made to rectify the situation. If for any reason the issue cannot be resolved to your satisfaction you should put it in writing and send it to the General Manager at the hotel. Any complaints arising out of your stay at the hotel that are not brought to the attention of the hotel during your stay are unlikely to receive the same level of attention if made retrospectively.
Should you be dissatisfied with any aspect of the service provided by Hotel Chocolat Estates, Saint Lucia, you can bring it to our attention by writing to: Boucan, Hotel Chocolat, Mint House, Newark Close, Royston, Herts, SG8 5HL, United Kingdom.
Complaints brought to our attention will normally receive a response within 7 working days.
12. General Information
Prices & Availability: For real-time prices and room availability for the Boucan Saint Lucia, please call Reservations on 00 44 844 544 1272. All prices are quoted in US Dollars and exclude Saint Lucia Government tax at 10%.
Checking-in: Your room(s) will normally be available at 15:00. If you plan to arrive later than 22:00, please advise the hotel directly by calling the number given on your booking confirmation.
Check out is required by 12.00. If you wish to extend your check out time please inform reception on check in and we will endeavour to make provisions to accommodate you.
Parking: Onsite parking is available on a first come first served basis. Boucan Hotel Saint Lucia does not accept any liability for any damage or theft to vehicles parked in the car park.
Taxes: All prices exclude Saint Lucia Government tax at 10%.
Accuracy of information on this website: Whereas we endeavour to ensure the information contained within this website is as accurate as possible, there will inevitably be instances where information may be incorrect or out of date. It is always advisable to check specific details that may be relevant to your booking prior to making that booking. For example, information relating to regional or local attractions is intended for your general information and any changes to such attractions or facilities are beyond our control. We reserve the right to amend or remove information at any time and do not accept responsibility for keeping copies of any amended or deleted information.
13. Insurance
It is your responsibility to ensure that any insurance cover you have provides adequate cover for your needs and for the duration of your stay.
14. Our liability to you
We accept liability for, and totally restricted to, services properly booked in accordance with these Terms & Conditions current at the time of booking. We cannot accept any other form of liability. Unfortunately errors do occur, so we reserve the right to make any corrections to advertised and/or confirmed prices.
15. Children Policy
Due to the steep terrain and positioning of the hotel, we regret that it is suitable for adults only.
VIP.ME Terms and Conditions
1. These terms and conditions, in conjunction with the Privacy Policy, are applicable across the VIP.ME Rewards Scheme “the scheme” and any participation in the scheme confirms your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
2. Hotel Chocolat reserves the right to amend the terms and conditions of the VIP.ME scheme at any time and to take appropriate actions, including the cancellation of the VIP.ME card if, at its discretion, it deems such actions necessary.
3. Use of the VIP.ME reward card (digitally or physically) accepts that details of purchases may be recorded, stored electronically and used for marketing purposes.
4. Applications to join VIP.ME Rewards Scheme are subject to completion and acceptance of an online or in-app registration process or by joining in a participating Hotel Chocolat store.
5. Physical or digital VIP.ME Reward cards only become valid after successful completion of the online or in app registration process or by joining in a participating Hotel Chocolat store. No rewards will be issued until the registration process has been satisfactorily completed.
6. The card may be used in participating Hotel Chocolat stores (UK and ROI only). The card cannot be used in concession stores and only used in those franchise stores that are participating in the particular offer within the Rewards Scheme.
7. Hotel Chocolat cannot be held liable for the loss of any rewards/promotions held on the VIP.ME card.
8. Rewards and promotions held on the card cannot be exchanged for cash. The card is not a cheque guarantee, credit or debit card.
9. Rewards including any discount codes, cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer and are not available on, sale items, subscriptions, event bookings or tickets, gift experiences, gift cards or E-gift cards, unless otherwise stated.
10. Selected in-app rewards may be displayed as shareable.
In this case, the reward can either be redeemed personally by the account holder, OR it can be sent via standard mobile communication tools (e.g WhatsApp) to another individual to redeem in store or online. All other Terms and Conditions apply to shareable rewards.
11. VIP.ME and Subscription offers cannot be used in conjunction with each other. Only the greater discount available will be applied against your purchase.
12. By activating your Card for VIP.ME you will be activating your VIP.ME account and expressly agreeing and giving your consent to receiving marketing communications from Hotel Chocolat generally and specifically for
its VIP.ME rewards programme via any or all of SMS, email, direct mail and telemarketing.
13. Withdrawal of your consent to send you emails will mean that you will no longer be sent any marketing emails giving any updated details of the Rewards Scheme. The withdrawal of your consent to send you push notifications on the app will mean that no VIP.ME Rewards Scheme updates and rewards will
be sent to you but you will still be able action the retrieval of such updates via the app.
14.	Members are only entitled to one VIP.ME account each, registered to their own email address. Hotel Chocolat reserves the right to refuse, merge or close additional accounts and cards at any time.
15. The VIP.ME account, card and rewards, in whatever form, are issued by and remain the property of Hotel Chocolat which may, at any time, terminate the scheme or alter or amend the conditions of operation of the scheme.
16. Members must register their personal details and keep Hotel Chocolat informed of any changes of such details. Hotel Chocolat cannot be held responsible for any loss of rewards incurred as a result of out of date details.
17. You will only receive a birthday treat when a valid date of birth is given. You are able to register your date of birth once. For any further amendments to your date of birth please contact help@hotelchocolat.com
18. Birthday rewards will be sent via email or available in the VIP.ME app two weeks prior to the date of birth given on VIP.ME registration and will be valid for 30 days. If registering your date of birth in the two weeks prior to your birthday, your reward will be available in the VIP ME App and valid for up to two weeks after your birthday.
19. Two members who have VIP.ME accounts registered at the same email address may experience rewards being merged and counted as one single account. Hotel Chocolat cannot be held responsible for any loss to either account member as a result of merged rewards.
20. Members can choose to leave the scheme at any time. By leaving the scheme members immediately forfeit the right to any rewards not yet issued.
21. All rewards will be issued with an expiry date unless stated otherwise and must be redeemed within this time.
22. When claiming VIP.ME rewards in store you will be required to present your valid reward email or reward in app, which will include your unique code, together with your VIP.ME card (digital or physical card).
23. Rewards are sent to the VIP.ME member and can only be redeemed once by the VIP.ME member unless stated otherwise.
24. We want you to share with us when you are using your VIP.ME card in our stores. Therefore, please show your card or app to a member of staff at the time of your transaction so that we know you have shopped. No transactions can be added to your card afterwards.
25. VIP.ME cards are only available in participating Hotel Chocolat stores or when you download the Hotel Chocolat app.
26. Rewards can only be redeemed in participating Hotel Chocolat stores, on www.hotelchocolat.com or in the app. VIP.ME cards and rewards cannot be used in any concession store or Hotel Chocolat franchise stores.
27. The email address used for VIP.ME registration must be the same as the registered online account email.
28. The scheme is only for personal and consumer use. VIP.ME cards cannot be used for any business transaction or purpose Rewards, including any discount codes, cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer, discount or, Subscription, Event tickets, Gift Experiences, Gift Cards or EGift cards.
29. To be part of the Hotel Chocolat VIP.ME Rewards Scheme you must be 18 years of age or over. Further age restrictions may apply to some purchases to comply with applicable law and in any event and irrespective of where you join or use the scheme, these VIP.ME Terms and Conditions and the scheme shall be governed and construed by English law and subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
30. For lost or stolen cards please contact help@hotelchocolat.com
31. The promoter of Hotel Chocolat VIP.ME Rewards Scheme is Hotel Chocolat, Mint House, Newark Close, Royston, Hertfordshire, SG8 5HL.
32. Hotel Chocolat will send regular VIP.ME updates and rewards via email or in-app. You can opt out of the VIP.ME programme or to opt out of receiving any or all of these marketing communications, go to hotelchocolat.com/unsubscribe. This does not affect your legal rights.
VIP.ME prize draw terms and conditions
1. By activating and using Hotel Chocolat’s VIP.ME rewards scheme you are expressly agreeing and giving consent to being in our reward scheme prize draws and agree to the terms of the prize draw.
2. You must be over the age of 18 and living in the UK.
3. By purchasing with us, you confirm that you are eligible to claim any prize you may win. We may require you to provide proof that you are eligible to enter the prize draw.
4. By making purchases and using your VIP.ME card, you will be in entering into our monthly prize draws. Each time you purchase with us you will be added into the prize draw again.
5. Prize draws will be performed every month. The entrants for each month’s prize draw will be from those who purchased with their VIP.ME card the previous calendar month.
6. There is no cash alternative for prizes and they cannot be exchanged for an alternative item. We reserve the right to replace the prize with an alternative prize of equal or higher value if circumstances beyond Hotel Chocolat's control makes it necessary to do so. Products available to win are subject to change. For example, if a product is out of stock
7. Winners will be chosen from a random draw of entries received in accordance with these Prize Draw Terms and Conditions.
8. Hotel Chocolat cannot be responsible for prizes arriving damaged or not arriving due to it being outside of our control. For example, item has been lost during delivery.
9. Hotel Chocolat reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this prize draw with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its control (including, without limitation, in the case of anticipated, suspected or actual fraud). The decision of Hotel Chocolat in all matters under its control is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered into.
10. If you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, you will no longer be entered into the prize draws.
11. If you are a winner, we will contact you via the email address registered to your VIP.ME account. If you do not respond and claim your prize within 30 days of the email being sent, you will forfeit the prize.
12. We cannot be held responsible for winners not receiving or seeing their emails. For example, due to emails bouncing or failing to send.
13. Hotel Chocolat reserves the right to refuse entry or refuse to award the prize to anyone in breach of these prize draw terms and conditions.
14. Unless otherwise stated, our prize draws are open to all except employees of Hotel Chocolat, their families, agents or any third party directly associated with administration of the prize draw.
15. Prize draws will take place within four weeks of the previous month’s prize draw. Winners will be contacted via email within these four weeks.
16. Winners of the prize draw’s name will be made available on request.
Additional VIP Terms and Conditions Exclusive Café Drinks, Ice Creams and Lollies offers
1. Existing and new members (even those that have joined the same day) of the VIP.ME Rewards Scheme
shall be entitled to a discount off the marked price of all Café drinks, Ice cream, Sundaes and Ice Lollies (the “Price Reduction”) from all stores that sell these items.
2. This Price Reduction cannot be used in conjunction with other offers and is exclusively available to VIP.ME Members unless otherwise stated. The Reduction may be used only for one purchase transaction. The number of purchase transactions each day is not limited.
3. Scheme members must have a valid VIP.ME card (either physical or in app) to obtain the Price Reduction.
4. The terms and conditions applying to the VIP.ME Rewards Scheme shall apply to these Additional VIP Terms and Conditions.
5.
Subject to store availability.
6. Offer not available on retail drinks or alcohol.
7. Hotel Chocolat have the right to amend or retract this offer at any time.
CREATE A CHOCOLATE COMPETITION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1.	This competition will be promoted by Hotel Chocolat Limited referred to in these conditions as “HC”.
2.	HC’s decision or the decision of any person or persons nominated by HC is final and no correspondence shall be entered into regarding the selection of winning entries.
3.	All entries for the competition must be received from 09th January 2020 and by midnight on 31st of March.The winner or winners shall be announced prior to the end of the year of the competition end date.
4.	No purchase is necessary.
5.	Entries will only be accepted from UK residents.
6.	The prize shall be 20 Selectors of your winning chocolate. HC reserves the right to substitute prizes with alternatives of the same value. No cash alternative.
7.	Winners agree to their identity being publicised on the website and on marketing material and give all necessary consents for their personal data to be used by HC pursuant to the Data Protection Act 2018.
8.	You must be 18 or over to enter.
9.	In respect of all recipes submitted and irrespective of whether or not an entry is declared a winning entry or not, HC at its sole discretion has the absolute and unconditional right to:
9.1.	 use any of the recipes in whole or in part for any use whatsoever;
9.2.	 make any changes it wishes to any recipe for any reason;
9.3.	 not to use the winning recipe.
10.	To the extend permissible by law:
10.1.	any copyright or other intellectual property right in every entry are assigned unconditionally to HC and every entrant waives his or her moral rights in respect of every entry; and/or
10.2.	HC is unconditionally and irrevocably granted a worldwide, royalty free license for the duration of any copyright or other intellectual property right to use the completion entry for any reason whatsoever and every entrant waives his or her moral rights in respect of every entry.
11.	HC shall not have any responsibility or liability for ineligible entries or entries made with fraudulent intent and HC shall further have no liability for delayed, corrupted or lost entries. Generally, HC excludes all liability, so far as is permitted by law, which may arise directly or indirectly in connection with this competition.
12.	This competition is not open to HC’s employees, their families, any partner running this promotion or affiliated companies, their employees or their families.
13.	HC reserves the right to cancel this competition at any stage or to change the prize for one of similar value should it be reasonably necessary to do so.
14.	This competition and all matters connected with it are subject to English law and any dispute related or connected to the competition is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.