http://www.ambientlounge.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
all the important stuff
This Privacy Notice explains the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us. It also explains how we’ll store and handle that data, and keep it safe and private.
We hope the following sections will answer any questions you have but if not, please get in touch with us. We'll be happy to help!
The following constitutes terms and conditions of use of our ambientlounge.co.uk website. Terms may be changed or added at any time. You as the customer must please note the terms, conditions, and/or alterations. We constantly strive to perfect our products and website, and therefore always welcome your feedback and suggestions. We respect privacy laws and your right total confidence about the privacy and security of your personal information - and your control of it.
we are committed to protecting your privacy
This site and its contents are provided on an "as is" basis and simply or assert no warranty of any kind, including but not limited to, warranties of title or implied warrantees of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. ambientlounge.co.uk does not warrantee or guarantee that this site or its contents are error-free or free of viruses or other harmful components.
price and availability are subject to change without notice
In using this site, you acknowledge that you are assuming full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary repairs or servicing of all equipment used to facilitate your participation in this website. No agents, including but not limited to, officers, directors and employees will be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site.
the use of personal info
At Ambient Lounge, we respect the privacy of personal details and we store your email information securely and for the purpose of your order processing and delivery convenience. We will not send you unwanted email messages or junk mail that have not been opted into, and your details will not be passed to any 3rd party organization without your explicit permission. Out of necessity we require email and phone number SMS to send you messages about outstanding orders and delivery information. If you opt into receiving further contact from us - we may also send you information keep you up to date with news about our site. If you do not want to be kept informed in this way - you can opt out anytime.
security
You can feel at ease with your payments. Ambient Lounge is not a bank, that is why we use the highly reputable and encryption secure Shopify Payments (via Stripe), ApplePay and PayPal to handle all online payments. You details and data are safe within these organizations and you are protected within the scope of their world class systems.
third party sites
Third party Internet sites have links to ambientlounge.co.uk are not within the scope of our business and not covered by our Privacy and Security policy, so we urge you to be careful when you enter any personal information online. Ambient Lounge accepts no responsibility or liability for these sites.
copyright and trademark statement
i) Unless otherwise indicated, the written materials, illustrations, designs and photographs found on this website are exclusive to and are protected and/or copyrighted by UK and international copyright laws.ii) You may read, print and download it for private use only.iii) You may provide a link (not a framed link) to this site from any other business or business information or service website but not (unless expressly agreed to by ourselves in writing) in any way which gives the impression that we are associated with or have approved such other site.iv)You may not commercialise or otherwise copy it without our permission.v) Use of this site is subject to our terms and conditions of use.
Back to Top