https://www.herbal-smoke.com/terms/
COUPON CODE!!!
This month we're celebrating our 17th year anniversary at Herbal-Smoke.com! Enter coupon code "17years" at checkout and get 10% off!
Also you'll receive a "double" free herbal smoke shop sample with every order.
Check-Out some of our Herbal Smoke's Shop Specials too!Special Combo Deals
Best of the Best - Herbal Smoke - 100% Organic Artisan Herbal Blends
About Us
About Us
Answers To Questions
Mail Order Form
Terms & Shipping
Customer Feedback
Join Our Newsletter
Herbal Smoke Wholesale
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
Checkout
My Account
Terms & Shipping
Herbal-Smoke.com > Terms & Shipping
Disclaimer
Ingredients used are USDA certified organically grown or wild crafted herbs and plants. Our products contain no pesticides, chemicals, pharmaceutical additives or synthetics. Herbal Smoke’s products has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Any material provided on this website is for information purposes or historic background only and is not intended to replace medical advice or be a treatment for any medical condition. Consult with your healthcare professional or do your own research if you have any medical concern. Herbal-Smoke.com is not liable for the misuse of any product. Our products are intended solely for recreational use by responsible individuals 18 years and older. Any questions or concern, contact us.
Payment
USA or Canada: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, Debit Cards and Money Orders.
International: Money Orders payable in USD only.
Shipping
USA
1st Class shipping by USPS. Allow 1 to 2 Business Days for order processing and then 2 to 4 Business Days for delivery. Tracking is used for proof of delivery. If the post office says it was delivered, then we are not responsible for lost or stolen packages. Priority shipping available. No overnight.
Canada
Shipping by USPS. Allow 1 to 2 Business Days for order processing and then 5 to 10 Business Days for delivery.
International Shipping
Orders are shipped by Priority Mail USPS Package International Service. Shipping time is 6 to 14 Business Days. Shipping $26.95+. International customers must contact us first before ordering.
Refund & Exchange
We have no refund policy. We will exchange any unopened products shipped in error.
All orders are shipped via the United States Postal Service (US Mail / Post Office) from Phoenix Arizona. We use delivery confirmation or tracking on all orders to USA to ensure your order gets to you.
All packages are shipped very discreetly .... Only you know what is inside!
×
At Herbal-Smoke.com every time you place an order that is $29.95 or more before shipping you receive a FREE GIFT as our way of saying "Thank You".
Although we pick which free gift you receive - your free gift usually is a sample of one or more of our top selling herbal blends. If you have previously ordered from us we try and send different samples or products each time you order.
Depending on the size of your order we try and add additional or larger FREE samples of the many different herbal blends or fabulous herbal smoking blends we carry.
×
Your online order with www.Herbal-Smoke.com is 100% secure. Our shopping cart protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the standard for encrypted commercial transactions throughout the Internet.
When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https". SSL encrypts all personal information, including your name and credit card number, so that this information cannot be read as it travels through the Internet. We guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe.
×
WHEN YOU CAN'T DECIDE - Since we only sell the best of the best herbal smoke products on our site in essence all our herbal smoke are the finest. So how do you choose which one is best for you among so many different brands and products? The answer is, it isn’t easy. But by choosing any one of our cost saving combo packs it certainly can help.
How? Because by trying anyone of our different samplers or combo packs you’re bound to find the ultimate Herbal Smoke Blend that's right for you and delivers exactly what you've been looking for. So try a sampler for yourself, and discover the products that most appeal to you. Then you can go on to stock up with confidence. That, after all, is the theory behind all sampler and combo selections.
×