http://www.recandles.com/terms_privacy.asp
www.recandles.com
Home | About Us | My Account | Help |
Candles
SniffyScents, Oils & More
Warmers
Diffusers
Wholesale & Party Member Info
Events/News
Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of InformationWe use this information in order to analyze, manage and improve our Web site so that we may continually strive to provide you with the best shopping experience that we possibly can. Information on traffic patterns and the number of page visits and the like helps us to further develop and improve our site layout to better meet your needs. Of course, we also use information such as your name, e-mail address and credit card information to contact you, respond to your inquiries, send you a catalog and to process, deliver and receive payment for your purchases. We may use such information to notify you of services, special offers, new products and other services that we believe may be of interest to you, or to notify you of important new changes in our Web site. Finally, we use collected information to help us diagnose problems with our server or other technical issues relating to the performance of the Web site. For further information, please see "Cookies" and "Providing Third Party Information" below.Cookies "Cookies" are small bits of data that a web site can send to your browser and may then be stored on your hard drive. We use cookies in connection with certain features on our Web site, although we note that our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information such as your name. We use the cookies to enable us to store items in your shopping cart and may also use them to help provide you with customized or tailored information or services. You can set your web browser so that you will always be notified when you receive a cookie.Security Royal Essence Candles takes reasonable precautions to protect the security of your personal information. Our Web site is hosted on secure servers and utilizes SSL secure server software. Any personal information that you provide is encrypted while it is being transmitted over the Internet in order to reduce the possibility that such information can be read by an unauthorized person. Any information collected by us is stored in private files behind a firewall designed to protect your information by denying unauthorized access by outside users.Changes to this Privacy PolicyWe may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used. If you object to any such revisions you must cease using our website. Continued use of our website following notice of any such revisions shall indicate your acknowledgement of such revisions and your agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of the revised Privacy Policy.
Company
About Us
Privacy & Security
Legal Statement
Shopping Services
Fragrance Description
Product Index
Category Index
My Account
Track My Order
My Account
Shopping Cart
Customer Service
Contact Us
General Policies
Useful Links
FAQ's
Copyright ©  RE Candles. All Rights Reserved. Built with Volusion.