http://www.tnmpolicies.com/california-consumer-privacy-act/
“Do Not Sell My Personal Information” Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.120 may permit you to “opt out” of the “sale” of your “personal information” to “third parties” (as those terms are defined in the CCPA). The CCPA broadly defines “sale” of personal information in a way that may include allowing third parties to receive certain information to add to a profile about your device, browser, or you.
Our Privacy Policy describes the limited circumstances in which we may share your information with third parties outside of TN Marketing.
Advertising Opt-Out Tools
The Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) provides you with a choice as to whether participating third parties can use your information to provide interest-based advertising. To opt out of sharing your information with such third parties for interest-based advertising pleas use the following tools:
For websites: the DAA WebChoices Tool, is available at http://optout.aboutads.info
For mobile applications and connected devices, such as smart TV’s or streaming devices, you should review the device’s settings and select the option that allows you to disable automatic content recognition or ad tracking.
We do not maintain or control these opt-out mechanisms and are not responsible for their operation.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY RIGHTS
The California “Shine The Light” law, California residents may opt-out of TNM’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Any California resident may choose to opt-out of the sharing of such personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by directing such request to ShineTheLightPrivacyRequest@tnmarketing.com.
The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with the right to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” as well as the right to know or access, to delete, and to limit sharing of Personal Information. The CCPA defines “Personal Information” to mean “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.”
To the extent that we collect Personal Information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below.
Right to Information Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected, Sold, and Disclosed. Please see our Notice of California Consumer Data Collection and Sharing Practices below.
Right to Access Information. You have the right to request access to Personal Information collected about you and information regarding the source of that information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request.
Right to Request Deletion of Information. You have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from you. To protect our customers’ Personal Information, we are required to verify your identity before we can act on your request. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response.
Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers, who are parties we engage to perform a function on our behalf and are contractually obligated to use the personal information only for that function.
How to Submit a Request. You may submit a request to exercise your rights by emailing us at ShineTheLightPrivacyRequest@tnmarketing.com, call customer service at 877-329-9375 or write to us at TN Marketing, LLC, 1903 Wayzata Boulevard, East, Wayzata, MN 55391.