https://www.hotelchocolat.com/uk/help/delivery.html
Hotel Chocolat uses cookies and other tracking technology to deliver personalised ads and content for an improved browsing experience. If you are happy to accept cookies and these uses of personal data, then please click the accept button. Read more about our privacy policy here
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Locations
Stores
Drinks & Ices
The London Restaurant
The Hotel In ST Lucia
The Chocmobile
Ice Lollies
Find Your Nearest
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Our Guarantee
Me
Sign In
Register
My Bag
IMPOSSIBLE!!! Your shopping bag is empty, are you feeling okay?!
Shop Best Selling Gifts
Hotel Chocolat
Search Catalog
menu
Locations
Stores
Drinks & Ices
The London Restaurant
The Hotel In ST Lucia
The Chocmobile
Ice Lollies
Find Your Nearest
Help
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Our Guarantee
Me
Me
Sign In
Register
My Bag
IMPOSSIBLE!!! Your shopping bag is empty, are you feeling okay?!
Shop Best Selling Gifts
Christmas
Christmas Gift Ideas
Gifts For Him
Gifts For Her
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Families
Boozy Gifts For Adults
Gifts For Secret Santa
Finishing Touches
Entertaining at Christmas
Tree Decorations
Christmas Crackers
Top Christmas Gifts
Christmas Boxes
Christmas Crackers
Christmas Hampers
Christmas Wreaths
Unique Christmas Gifts
Entertaining At Christmas
Stocking Fillers
What's New This Christmas
The Velvetiser
Gift Ideas
Shop By Occasion
Best Selling Chocolate Gifts
Anniversary Gifts
Birthday Gifts
Christening Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Congratulations Gifts
Dinner Party Gifts
Eid Chocolate Gifts
Engagement Gifts
Exam Gifts
Get Well Soon Gifts
Good Luck Gifts
Graduation Gifts
Halloween Gifts
House Warming Gifts
New Baby Gifts
Teachers Gifts
Thank You Gifts
Retirement Gifts
Sorry Gifts
Sympathy Gifts
Wedding Gifts
Shop By Recipient
Gifts for Her
Gifts for Him
Gifts for Children
Gifts for Teenagers
Gifts for Couples
Gifts for Families
Gifts for Business
Chocolates for Me
Chocolate Experiences
Bean to Bar - Chocolate Making
Chocolate Making For Kids
Chocolate Lock-Ins
Chocolate Tasting Adventures
Corporate Tasting Events
Inspiration
Caramel Lover
Champagne Lifestyle
Cheer Up Gifts
For the Connoisseur
Hard Worker
Romantic Gifts
Award Winning Chocolate
Best Selling Gifts
Chocolate
Chocolate Type
Boozy Liqueur Chocolate
Caramel Chocolate
Cherry Chocolate
Chilli Chocolate
Coffee Chocolate
Cookie Chocolate
Dark Chocolate
Fruity Chocolate
Ginger Chocolate
Marzipan Chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Mint Chocolate
Nut Chocolate
Orange Chocolate
Patisserie Chocolate
Praline Chocolate
Raspberry Chocolate
Strawberry Chocolate
Supermilk Chocolate
Salted Caramel Chocolate
Single Origin Chocolate
Chocolate Truffles
100% Cocoa Chocolate
Variety Chocolate
White Chocolate
Product Type
All Chocolate Products
Advent Calendars
Batons and Slabs
Beauty Gifts
Chocolate Boxes
Chocolate Gift Sets
Chocolate Hampers
Chocolate Selectors
Cooking Chocolate
Coffee
Gift Cards
Small Chocolate Packs
Luxury Biscuits
Vegan Etc
Chocolate without Alcohol
Free From Chocolate
Low Sugar Chocolate
Vegan Chocolate
Vegetarian Chocolates
Price
From £10 to £25
Less than £10
From £25 to £50
More than £50
Special Offers
Sale
Alcohol
Chocolate Cream Liqueur
Cacao Gin
Mint Cream Liqueur
Salted Caramel Vodka
Shop All Alcohol
Hot Chocolate
The Velvetiser
Refill Subscriptions
Mint Hot Chocolate
Salted Caramel
All Hot Chocolate
Subscriptions
Locations
Stores
Cafés
Hotel, Restaurant & Estate
Our ChocMobile
Ice Lollies
Corporate Gifting
Sorry, it appears you are using a browser that is no longer supported by Hotel Chocolat. Please upgrade your browser to a newer version to continue a secure shopping experience.
Home
Delivery
menu
Help
FAQs
Contact Us
Our Guarantee
Delivery
Order Tracking
Gifting Information
Corporate Responsibility
Cookies Policy
Security & Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Promotions Terms & Conditions
Velvetiser FAQs
Subscription FAQs
WHOOSH INSTANT GIFTS FAQs
About VIP.Me
Site Map
Service Update
Fewer weeks of in-store shopping mean our online teams and partner delivery networks will be working flat out in the run-up to Christmas. To make sure you get everything on your wish list in plenty of time for the big day, we ask that you please help us to help them by ordering and taking delivery of your order earlier. For now, we’ll only be taking orders to pick, pack and get into the delivery network promptly to arrive with you or your gift recipient within the next 8 days. You can still choose a Next Day delivery for when you want your order a little quicker. Rest assured our early delivery will not compromise the freshness of your order, and all items can still be enjoyed until after the Christmas period. Thank you!
UK Standard Delivery
1 x Item = £3.952 or more items = £4.95**all items delivered to 1 address.
Order by 18:00 GMT and we'll deliver your order within 3-7 days.
Please note an extra day is required for deliveries to the Channel Islands, Northern Ireland and remote parts of the UK such as the Highlands and Islands.
Express Delivery
1 x Item = £4.952 or more items = £5.95**all items delivered to 1 address.
Order by 6pm GMT for Express Delivery within 1-2 working days.
Please note UK Express Delivery is unavailable as an extra day is required for deliveries to the Channel Islands, Northern Ireland and remote parts of the UK such as the Highlands and Islands.
UK Saturday Delivery
1 x Item = £4.952 or more items = £5.95**all items delivered to 1 address.
Order by 18:00 GMT on Friday for Saturday delivery (excluding Bank Holiday Friday).
Please note Saturday Delivery is unavailable to the Channel Islands, Northern Ireland and remote parts of the UK such as the Highlands and Islands.
Items From Store Stock
95p
We’ll prepare your order for you as quickly as possible.
For items not currently in stock at your chosen location, we’ll send your order directly from our warehouse instead, and will let you know when it’s ready for collection. That’s just 95p per order for the peace of mind and convenience of having your items delivered and ready for you to pick up, with no need to wait in at home.*Items available from store stock can be collected within 2 hours of the order being placed. Please note that sale items are excluded form Click and Collect.
Items Delivered To Store For Collection - Next Day Delivery
UK Delivery Charges apply
If the item(s) you are ordering for Click & Collect are NOT available from store stock, we can deliver your order to your preferred store location from our warehouse for you to collect.Our UK Nominated & Next Delivery option is available for this service and will incur the same delivery charges as if you were sending to any UK delivery address.
Denmark Standard Delivery
1 x Item = £3.952 or more items = £4.95**all items delivered to 1 address.
Order by 18:00 GMT and we'll deliver in 3-8 working days.
Europe Standard Delivery
1 x Item = £7.952 or more items = £9.95**all items delivered to 1 address.
Order by 18:00 GMT and we'll deliver in 3-8 working days.
Rest of World Standard
Delivery
1 x Item = £14.952 or more items = £16.95**all items delivered to 1 address.
Order by 15:00 GMT and we'll deliver in 5-8 working days.
DELIVER A GIFT ONTO THEIR SMARTPHONE WITHIN MINUTES.
They receive a lovely image of your gift and can choose where and when they want to receive it (delivery cost pre-paid by you).
1 x Item per gift text. £3.95 delivery, which covers the gift recipient for UK Standard Delivery. . If your gift recipient chooses to upgrade their delivery to our Nominated & Next Day or Saturday Delivery services, £3.95 will be deducted from the gift recipients order. Find out more.
Additional Information
International Delivery Exceptions
Whilst most of our products can be sent overseas, occasionally there are a few exceptions whereby local customs restrictions are in place. Typically this will affect products containing alcohol or liquids. Also, some seasonal items that may contain small explosives are excluded from delivery outside of the UK (don’t panic, the small explosives are only included in our festive crackers!). If appropriate, we will make you aware of any international delivery restrictions when you proceed through the checkout.
Delivery Instructions
At the time of ordering you can also provide us with a contact telephone number and delivery instructions that may help our carrier once your order has been despatched. Typically, this could include leaving an order with a neighbor or perhaps in a safe place if you are not home. We will pass your contact telephone number and delivery instructions on to our carrier to aid delivery – who will then either call the contact number provided or leave a card to let you know where to find your order if it has been left, or what to do next if we have missed you. Please note the contact number you provide will not be used for marketing purposes.Also, any Delivery Instruction you give will not be read by our team prior to your order being despatched, and should only be intended to aid our carrier once they are in receipt of your order. Please note we would recommend that you do not send your order to a PO Box (larger or multiple item orders sent to a PO Box address may not be delivered).
Delivering to BFPO addresses
We will make every effort to deliver your order to any given BFPO address.The British Forces Post Office (or British Field Post Office) (BFPO) is an agency that provides a postal service to HM Forces, separate from that provided by Royal Mail. BFPO addresses are used for the delivery of mail in the UK and around the world.When sending mail from the UK to a member of HM Forces serving overseas, the sender must address it to the appropriate BFPO number and not to the country in which that person is based.
Packing Your Order
Gift Box orders: Every gift box / hamper will be delivered in our protective, specially printed packaging to ensure it arrives in the best possible condition. Our gift boxes / hampers are made to order by our dedicated team, and may take slightly longer to prepare during our peak trading times. Whilst we will make every effort to despatch all gift boxes/hampers when requested, we cannot guarantee Next Day Delivery if ordered after 14:00, or if the quantity is over fifteen. For Corporate gift box/hamper enquiries please contact the corporate team on 03444 93 10 10.We make every effort to ensure your order arrives in perfect condition. This may include the use of Ecoflo; a unique packing material designed to protect your goods whilst in transit. Afterwards, you can re-use, compost or recycle it in accordance with current environmental regulations.
Tracking Your Order
To track the progress of your order please visit your Order History under My Account and view the order details. We will also tell you of any changes or important delivery details affecting your order. Alternatively, our team are ready to help.
Adverse Weather Conditions
We will always make every effort to deliver your order on time. Occasionally, we are affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as bad weather. Should this happen, we will update our website with details of any delays we are experiencing.