http://www.roamans.com/help-page?cid=rm-custservice-faqs
Skip to main content
Accessibility Policy
https://www.roamans.com
/on/demandware.static/Sites-oss-Site/-/default/dw9c20cbc2/images/rm/primarylogo.png
Roaman's
https://www.roamans.com
Brand Root Category
Home
Home
Customer Service
Customer Service
Secondary Navigation
Customer Service Menu
Customer Service Menu
Shopping
Shipping Info
Return & Exchanges
Roaman's Credit Card
Gift Cards
Size & Fit
FAQ
Customer Service
FAQ
ORDER STATUS
Why did my order ship late?
Sorry for the confusion.
The good news is you’ll receive your order by the expected date.
Sometimes our warehouse processing takes a bit longer than expected which may affect your shipping date. This doesn’t impact your delivery date, however.
Just a reminder—our delivery time frame is four to seven business days.
Why did the Consumer Protection Group (CPG) put my order on hold?
We take customer security seriously.
To safeguard your information and reduce potential risk, we conduct additional verifications when an order doesn’t look like quite right.
We double-check things like:
Multiple orders placed under one account within 48 hours
First time order with a high dollar amount
Shipping to an address that doesn’t match your billing address
Orders submitted with a coupon discount in excess of 80%
Questions? Contact us.
Why did the Sales Recovery (SR) put my order on hold?
Your shopping security is our highest priority.
At times our Sales Recovery Team needs additional information before we can send your order.
We require additional info for things like:
Missing or miskeyed credit card information
Transaction denied by issuing bank
Issuing bank requires additional information
Transaction denied by Comenity Bank
Questions? Contact us.
Why did my order status change from available to backordered?
Our apologies. We know this is frustrating.
When you placed your order, the item was available. But stock depleted as we filled orders, and at shipping time the merchandise was no longer in stock and was placed on backorder. Your invoice will display the date we expect to ship your pending backorder. You will not be charged for backordered items until they ship.
WHERE IS MY ORDER?
There are a few reasons you may not have received your order:
Your Order Is On Backorder
Our apologies for the delay. We’re trying our best to get your item to you as soon as possible.
Your Order Is On Hold
Give us a call. We’re happy to help.
Consumer Protection Group:
800-544-3805 M-F 8am-5pm EST
Sales Recovery Team:
800-274-3108 M-F 9am-7pm EST
Order Shows As Delivered
If you are not able to locate your package, give us a call at 800-677-0229. We’re happy to help.
If your order is $50 or more, please print a
PDF Affidavit Form, fill out with Order Number, Order Total, Name, Billing Address, Phone Number, and Email Address.
Please sign, date, and send to our Analysts for review.
Send to:
Customer Relations Analyst
500 S. Mesa Hills Dr.
El Paso, TX 79912
*For orders of $200 or more, a police report will be required. Please attach the police report to your signed affidavit letter.
Check on your order anytime.
Simply select Customer Service — at the top of every page. On the dropdown menu, select Track My Order. Enter your order number, email address and billing zip code. Click Go to view your delivery details.
If you're a registered user (or you gave us your email address on the phone), you’ll receive a confirmation email from us once your order has shipped.
Why does tracking information show "not found"?
If you don’t get your package in the next three business days, contact us.
Sometimes tracking information shows as “not found” if the shipping label does not scan properly. If it has been more than 20 business days since you’re expected delivery date, contact us. We will issue you a credit and gladly re-order your item for you.
What should I do if I received the wrong item
Received An Incorrect Item?
Please place a new order on our website and return the incorrect item using the instructions on the back of the packing slip. Or, call us toll-free at (800) 677-0229. We'll issue a credit for the incorrect item to the original credit card, and charge your card for the correct item once it's shipped.
*For International orders, please email us or call us at 1-915-225-4976
What should I do if an item is missing from my order?
Missing An Item From Your Order?
If an item is missing from your package but listed on the packing slip as shipped, it may have shipped separately or be backordered. Check your Order Status here. If the item is not backordered, please email us or call us toll-free at (800) 677-0229.
SHOPPING
Why isn’t the price in my shopping bag the reduced price?
Discount not applied at checkout?
Be sure to check the offer carefully. Sometimes only specific colors or sizes are offered at the reduced prices. Still have questions? Contact Us. We're happy to help.
Does this item come in other sizes, colors, lengths, etc.?
Be sure to check online for our most updated selection of sizes, colors and silhouettes.
How do I shop from the catalog?
See something in our catalog you want to purchase?
Just enter the catalog item number in the search box—there’s one at the top of every page. Then, follow the prompts to complete your order.
Still don’t see what you’re searching for? Contact Us.
BACKORDERS
Why has my item been on backorder so long?
This style was so popular we couldn’t keep it in stock.
We’d love to reserve this item for you and ship it as soon as it’s available. Or, if you’d rather not wait, we completely understand. Check out our array of new colors and styles. Take a look.
Why do you offer items in your catalog if they are out of stock?
Our catalogs are printed in advance.
As a result, items may occasionally be out of stock by the time you get your catalog. Visit roamans.com for our most up-to-the-moment selection of sizes, colors and silhouettes.
Why did you cancel my backorder?
There are three basic reasons we may need to cancel your backorder.
PayPal Purchase Requirements
PayPal only allows us to reserve payment for 29 days from the date the order was placed. We are happy to re-order your item for you with an alternate method of payment.
Credit Card Authorization
We only charge you for items as they ship. The authorization to charge you for your backorder item/s was not successful. We are happy to re-order the item/s for you.
Merchandise Cancellation
We did not receive the item as expected in our warehouse and have cancelled all pending orders.
If your item is placed on backorder, we’ll send you an email or postcard—and automatically extend your order for 30 days. If, five days before the new delivery date, your item is still not available we’ll send you an email/postcard asking for your permission to extend the order again. We’ll need to get your okay prior to the new delivery date—otherwise we have to cancel your order.
In rare circumstances, we may need to extend your delivery date a third time. We’ll send you an email/postcard requesting your permission for the extension. If we do not receive your okay prior to the new date, your order will be cancelled that day.
Why can’t you express my backorder?
We’re not able to express backordered merchandise.
Our process for shipping backorders is automated to ensure your order goes out first, but does not allow for individualized shipping preferences such as express delivery.
My item is on backorder. Can I amend the color or size?
When you order an item, we reserve it in your size and color.
So, if your order has been processed, it cannot be amended. However, we’ll be happy to cancel your backorder and place a new order for you. Give us a call at (800) 677-0229.
RETURNS
When will I receive my return credit?
Returns take about two weeks to process—including transit time to our warehouse.
Once we receive your return, we try to process it within two business days. Refunds back to your payment method vary depending on your provider, but generally take three days to post.
Once your return has been processed, it will be listed as returned- along with the date it was processed. Check order status here
If you're a registered user, or gave your email address to us over the phone, we’ll send a return received email once we’ve received your return—and a second email once we’ve processed it.
Final sale items will not be refunded.
Why is my return credit less than my order total?
Refunds are for the merchandise amount plus any applicable tax.
If you used our pre-paid return label, $9.99 was deducted from the merchandise total. The original shipping and handling is non-refundable.
Why did you credit me when I wanted an even exchange?
Exchanges are processed as new orders.
First, we issue a refund for the returned merchandise. Then, we process your exchange and charge for the merchandise amount only. There is no charge for shipping and handling.
Why was my exchange total greater than my original order?
Check your exchange order carefully.
Depending on the price of the original purchase and the price of the new item, you will see either a credit or debit to your account—or the transactions might offset one another.
Occasionally, the exchange order does not capture the correct price. Please contact us if you believe there is an error. We’re happy to adjust the price. The difference will go back to your original method of payment.
SHIPPING & HANDLING CHARGES
Why are there multiple shipping & handling charges on my bill?
Your card is only charge once at the time your order is shipped.
When you place your order, we authorize your card for the full order amount. This places a pending authorization on your card—common bank practice when handling credit card transactions to ensure sufficient funds and account authenticity. This sometimes appears as two duplicate, separate charges. Please allow up to 72 hours for the pending authorization to clear. If you need help speeding up the process, please contact the credit card issuing bank.
ROAMAN’S CREDIT CARD
How do I pay my Roaman’s bill?
FULLBEAUTY Brands™ credit cardholders can make an online payment at anytime.
Simply sign in with your username and password.
Pay your bill
How do I sign in to my account?
You'll need your username and password to log in.
Select Sign In and enter your name and password as a returning customer.
Forgot password?
PRIVACY
Is my personal information safe?
Your Privacy
Our privacy policy describes how FULLBEAUTY Brands treats your personal information.
It was created to inform you, our customers, of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and the steps we have taken to secure it. Our standardized Privacy Policy and Terms of Use applies to all of our Brands and the websites maintained by the Brands (collectively the “Site”). By visiting the Site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Read our Privacy Policy here.
MAIL PREFERENCES
How Do I Unsubscribe From Roaman’s Emails And Catalogs?
Too much mail? We completely understand.
Manage your email preferences here.
Manage your catalog preferences here.
When you’re ready to re-subscribe, just visit this page to update your preferences.
LOGIN AND REGISTRATION
How do I reset my password?
Forgot your password? No problem.
Change password.
Why can’t I log in?
Please check your email address or password and try again.
Remember, your password is case sensitive.
Forgot your password?
Trouble With Registration?
We’re sorry you’re having trouble. Here’s a reminder of our login requirements.
Your email address can't begin with a number.
The password field is case sensitive.
You must re-enter your password exactly as you did when you registered. (Password, PASSWORD or password).
Your password must be 8-10 characters and contain at least 1 letter and 1 number.
Reset your password here
Still having trouble? Contact Us
How Do I View or Modify "My Info"?
Registered Customer?
View or modify your information with a few simple clicks.
Email Address
Password
Address
Email Specials & Updates
Access your account information anytime by selecting My Info located at the top of every page.
Using the same login for more than one of our brands? Any changes you make will apply to all FullBeauty Brands.
We’re Here To Help
Call us
1-800-677-0229
Email us
customer service
There may be temporary fluctuations in
availability as we support social distancing.