http://www.powells.com/info/privacy
Privacy Notice - Powell's Books
Cart |
|  my account
Hello,
|
Login
MENU
Browse
New Arrivals
Bestsellers
Award Winners
Signed Preorders
Signed Editions
Digital Audio Books
See All Subjects
Used
Staff Picks
Staff Picks
Staff Top Fives
Picks of the Month
Book Club Subscriptions
25 Books From the 21st Century
25 Memoirs to Read Before You Die
25 Global Books to Read Before You Die
25 Women to Read Before You Die
25 Books to Read Before You Die
Gifts + Gift Cards
Gift Cards & eGift Cards
Powell's Souvenirs
Read Rise Resist Gear
Journals & Notebooks
Games
Socks
Sell Books
Sell Books Online
Blog
Events
Find A Store
Privacy Notice
Updated: May 20, 2018
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy notice sets forth the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") of Powell's Books, Inc. ("Powell's") regarding personal information that Powell's collects, and the ways in which Powell's uses that personal information. By using this website, you agree to the collection and use of information within the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, then do not use this site or give Powell's any of your information. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Use.
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
Powell's, on its own or through third parties or agents, may collect and use personal information, which may include, but is not limited to:
Your name, email, address, and telephone number.
Information that you provide for the purpose of registering with the website and/or the Powell's blog.
Information relevant to transactions, including credit/debit card and shipping information for order fulfillment, conducted over this website.
Information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to communications.
Purchase interest and purchase history information.
Powell's also collects content and information you provide for the purpose of interacting with the Powell's Blog.
Powell's further collects information that your Internet browser sends whenever you visit or use this site. This information, sometimes called "Log Data" or "Log Files," may include your Internet protocol address, your Internet service provider, browser information including your referring and exit pages, your operating system, which pages you visit on Powell's website, the time and date of your visit and use of Powell's pages, and additional statistical information.
In addition, Powell's collects on its own, and employs third parties and third-party technology to assist with, transactions, marketing, and analytics. Powell's and these third parties collect information that is shared with Powell's regarding your interests and purchase behavior, including what you have liked and clicked on Powell's website, and whether you have completed or abandoned a corresponding purchase. More specifically, Powell's uses Google AdWords as a remarketing service to advertise on third-party websites (including Google) to previous visitors of this site. This means that we may advertise to previous visitors to our website who may or may not have completed a task or transaction on our site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site across the Internet in the Google Display Network.
COOKIES, BEACONS, AND OPTING OUT
Powell's uses cookies and similar technology (e.g., web beacons and single-pixel GIF files) to record Log Data and Log Files. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Internet browser (if you allow) that enables the sites' or service providers' systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. This helps us to improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors.
We use session-based cookies and persistent cookies. Session-based cookies will last only as long as your web browser is open, and are deleted when you close your browser. A persistent cookie will last until it expires or until you delete it. At times, Powell's administers the use of cookies (called first-party cookies) and tracking technologies, and at times we rely upon third parties (e.g., Google Analytics) to do so (called third-party cookies).
We use these cookies to help us do a number of things to enhance your experience, including to:
Remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Ensure you do not need to login multiple times through user identification tracking.
Compile statistics and reports on our website and web traffic activity.
Track and target your interests to enhance your experience on our website, including searches and web traffic adjacent to activity on this website.
Serve advertisements based on a prior visit to this website.
Allow for integration with social media.
Provide other services related to this website.
You may opt out of third-party cookies from Google Analytics. You may also visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) for additional cookie opt-out options. Note that if you wish to opt out, you will need to do so for each browser and device that you use, and will need to opt out each time you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser.
If at any time you wish to opt out of receiving marketing materials or emails from Powell's, including our newsletter, you may do so by visiting here: www.powells.com/myaccount/newsletters
Privacy Rights of California Residents
Pursuant to Californian Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents have the right to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy.policy@powells.com.
CHILDREN
Powell's websites are not intended for use by children under the age of 18.
We do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 18. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 18 has provided us with information without his or her consent, he or she should contact us at help@powells.com. As required by law, we will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
California minors under 18 years old may request the removal of any information that they posted to this website by contacting help@powells.com. Upon such request, Powell's will anonymize or remove from public view any content posted by a minor to one of our websites, unless required by law to retain such content or information.
USING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Powell's may use your personal information to:
Administer this website.
Personalize the website for you.
Enable your access to use the website and its services.
Conduct transactions and send you products that you purchase.
Process payments and fulfill purchase requests.
Send you statements and invoices.
Send you promotional and marketing communications, including our newsletter, direct mail, and direct email, and process promotions, surveys, contests, and sweepstakes, and related prizes or incentives; and contact you.
Where Powell's discloses your personal information to its agents or subcontractors for these purposes, the agent or subcontractor will use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, Powell's may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise, or defend its legal rights.
ORDERS
For sales transactions, we may collect payment information, including credit/debit card information, checking account information, merchandise/service credit, and billing/shipping information. When you purchase through our website or over the phone, we collect information related to each transaction, including what products/services you purchased or did not purchase, the price paid, your method of payment, and any promotional information related to the transaction. Additionally, we collect order information for the purpose of better targeting our advertising and promotions for you.
SURVEYS AND PROMOTIONS
At times Powell's may request information from you for surveys or promotions (including contests and sweepstakes). Your participation in these surveys and promotions is voluntary, and your choice to provide information is voluntary and at your discretion. In administering surveys or promotions, Powell's may request contact information and demographic information from you. Contact information and demographic information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy, this website's Terms of Use, and any additional rules and regulations that are part of the survey or promotion.
SECURING YOUR DATA
Powell's will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, disclosure, or alteration of your personal information. Powell's will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. While Powell's will employ reasonable security practices to protect your information, no method of storage or electronic transmission is 100% secure, and as such, Powell's cannot guarantee absolute security of any information you have provided.
Usernames & Passwords: It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Powell's account. Do not disclose your password to anyone else.
PRIVACY RIGHTS OF NON-U.S. RESIDENTS
As noted in our Terms of Use, this website is hosted and operated in the United States, and is not intended to target EU and other non-U.S. residents. Use of this website will result in transfer of information to Powell's in the United States. If you have nevertheless opted to access this site from outside the United States, this Privacy Policy will apply to personal information that Powell's collects, uses, and distributes. Should you have questions or concerns regarding your personal information, or to make a data subject request regarding your personal information, please send an email to privacy.policy@powells.com.
UPDATING THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Powell's may update this Privacy Policy by posting a new version on this website.
Powell's reserves the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time, and you should check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with any changes. The effective date of the latest of any modification or update to the Privacy Policy is indicated at the top of this Privacy Policy following "Last Updated."
OTHER WEBSITES
This website contains links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by Powell's. Powell's is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any other such websites and encourages you to review the privacy policies of those websites. This includes, but is not limited to, social media sites (e.g., Instagram, Pinterest, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, etc.), which are not affiliated with Powell's.
CONTACT
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Powell's at:
Email: privacy.policy@powells.com
Address: 7 NW 9th Avenue, Portland, Oregon 97209
Phone: (800) 878-7323
Stay Connected
Keep up on the best new books, timely features, and special offers.
Help
Contact Us
Help Topics
Guarantee
Shipping
Store Pickup
Terms
Explore
About Us
Careers
Store Locations
Events
Gift Cards
Sitemap
Account
My Account
Used Book Alerts
Wish List
Partners
Security
© 2020 POWELLS.COM