https://www.humangivens.com/foundation/further-information/donations-policy/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Foundation / Further information / Donations policy
Donations policy
This policy sets out the conditions under which the Human Givens Foundation (The Trust) will accept donations and gifts.
The Trust will accept donations and gifts in the form of finances, goods and services.
The Trust will only accept donations and gifts that enable and assist it to further its charitable objects.
The Trust must have absolute control over the purpose(s) for which any donation or gift is to be used and over the actual use of any such donation or gift. The Trust is therefore not able to accept any donation or gift that is tied to a specific project where the donor wishes to determine the details of the project’s implementation.
The Trust will not accept any donation or gift that is given to fund a project if that project is beyond the delivery capability or capacity of the Trust.
Where a donation or gift that supports the Trust’s charitable objects is accepted, the trustees will make clear to the donor(s) that the Trust retains the absolute right to determine how the funds, goods or services will be used and to vary the specification of any project in support of which the funds, goods or services have been donated.
Adopted by the trustees on: 1st July 2018
Date of next review: 23rd June 2019
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.