http://www.stuartweitzman.com/service/ordering/return_policy/
Skip to Main Content
RETURNS
We want you to love your Stuart Weitzman purchase. If you are not satisfied with your purchase, please promptly return for refund/credit. We accept returns via mail to our warehouse and in person at Stuart Weitzman boutiques. Items must be unworn, unused and include all tags, parts and accessories. To avoid damages, we recommend trying on footwear in clean, carpeted areas. Initial shipping charges are not refundable.
Extended Holiday Return Window
All full price purchases made between November 4, 2020 and December 24, 2020 may be returned through January 17, 2021.
Price
Return Time Frame
Regular Price
14 Days
Sale Merchandise
Final Sale
Sale and customized merchandise are final sale and are not eligible for returns, exchanges or price adjustments.
Your package will contain a detailed packing slip with instructions. This form is required for us to process your return.
Expedited shipping fees are not refundable should a purchase be returned.
PRINT A RETURN LABEL
Click here to print out a complimentary return label.
RETURN INSTRUCTIONS
1. PACK IT UP
Pack the item(s) securely in the original product packaging.
Please include the packing slip inside the return package.
Click here to print out a complimentary return label.
Affix the prepaid UPS mailing label to the outside of your package.
2. DROP IT OFF
Give your package to your local UPS driver or take it to a UPS drop-off location.
You will receive a refund confirmation email once we have processed your return.
Please allow up to 7-10 business days for processing from the date of receipt and up to 30 days for your credit card company to process your credit.
TRACK YOUR RETURN
ORDER NUMBER:
BILLING ZIP CODE:
orders & shipping
Track Order
Shipping Details & Fees
Order Verification
Email Preferences
returns & exchanges
Returns
Exchanges
Price Adjustments
repairs
Repairs
fit facts & care tips
Global Size Guide
Width Guide
Fit Tip FAQs
Care Tips
trunk show
Trunk Show
the fine print
California Transparency Act
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Brand Protection
Track Order
Find A Store
Tapestry
Customer Care
Contact Us
Careers
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Responsibility
Brand Protection
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Sign up to receive 15% off
Enter Email for SW Updates
You are signing up to receive SW emails. You may withdraw your consent at any time. Read our Privacy Policy or Contact Us for more details.
SHIPPING TO:
Facebook
Instagram
Snapchat
Pinterest
Twitter
YouTube
Weibo
Follow Us
©2007-2020 Stuart Weitzman. All Rights Reserved.
California Transparency Act & UK Modern Slavery Act Statement
Enjoy a Welcome Gift
Thank You forBecoming an SW VIP
Thank Youfor Becoming an SW VIP
Receive 15% Off Your First Full-Price Purchase, Exclusive Offers, Early Access To New Launches, Special Events And More
Take 15% off your first full-price purchase with code SWWELCOME15
Discover and shop our new collection
Your Email Address Goes Here
Intended for US Customers only. You are signing up to receive SW emails. You can withdraw your consent or exercise your right to opt out at any time. Read our Privacy Policy for more details.
Continue Shopping
Create an Account
A little obsessed with shoes?
Follow the official Stuart Weitzman WeChat
Scan the QR code
Employee Discount
Employee discounts should only be used by employees for orders being placed on said employees credit card. If we find that fraudulent employee discounts are being used, we reserve the right to cancel discounts, cancel orders, make additional charges to your credit card, and cancel your membership.
I accept
I accept
Have Customer Care Call Me
First Name:
Last Name:
Order Number:
Phone Number:
shoe name
Want to let a special someone know that this is at the top
of your holiday wish list? No problem.
Just fill out the details below, and weï¿½ll handle the rest...
YOUR NAME
THEIR NAME
THEIR EMAIL
THANK YOU,
YOUR HINT HAS BEEN SENT
Shipping Restriction
These items are not eligible for shipping to
your current shipping destination.
(items show here)
Confirming this shipping destination will remove
these items from your bag and may impact
your promotion and shipping offers.
Confirm Your Updated Shipping
Good news! We are committed to offering the best and quickest service possible. Based on your selected shipping destination, we will automatically transport you to the official Stuart Weitzman website nearest to that location. The items in your shopping bag will not make the journey with you. Shoe styles and pricing varies by region, but don’t despair, we know you’ll be able to find the perfect pair.
Cancel
Continue
Item Added to your Shopping Bag
Strappyhi
Qty:
Shopping Bag
Items in Bag:
Merchandise:
View Shopping Bag
Continue Shopping
You May Also Like
FREE SHIPPING AND RETURNS
We are pleased to offer complimentary ground shipping on all orders shipping within the United States.Â  We are also pleased to offer complimentary return shipping on all orders returned within 14 days of original purchase.Â  Only full-price items are eligible for returns.Â  All sale or customized orders are final sale and are not eligible for return or exchange.Â  For full details on our shipping and return policies please visit the customer service page.
Find In A Store Near You
Search
We've located your item in the following stores
Pickup is only available for stores in the US. We make every effort to provide current product availability, but store inventory is constantly changing. The stock status is approximate, and an item's availability cannot be guaranteed. Order by 3pm ET for same day pickup.
We're sorry, but the item you've selected cannot be found in a store near you.
Complete your purchase online with free shipping.
Add to Bag
Signed In
You are now signed in to your account.
Checkout - Conditional Pre-Sale Acceptance
Thank you for your pre-sale purchase.
You will receive a shipment confirmation email when your order is shipped.Due to custom manufacturing of your shoes, we will immediately charge your credit card for your purchase. Please accept these payment terms by checking the box below.
I authorize my credit card to be charged upon placing this order
TRACK YOUR ORDER
Please enter your order number and billing zip code below to track your order.
Order Number
Billing Zip Code
PLEASE REVIEW
Yes
No
JONES EMPLOYEE DISCOUNT
Dear Colleagues,
Welcome to Stuart Weitzman.
You may now purchase any style using your employee discount.
To utilize your discount, kindly enter your employee file number at checkout in the promo code area.
SHOP NOW
Final Sale Terms and Conditions
All sale purchases are final sale. Discounted merchandise is not eligible for returns, exchanges, or price adjustments.
I understand this purchase is final sale and not eligible for a refund and I would like to proceed with checkout.
I understand this purchase is final sale and not eligible for a refund and I would like to proceed with checkout.
View Return Policy
Stuart Weitzman
ships globally
Choose your destination
This item has been added to your closet
VIEW CLOSET
Quick View Product
0 Reviews
FINAL SALE
Please contact Madison Avenue location to place special order.
QTY
VIEW FULL DETAILS
IT'S ON US: FREE SHIPPING
LIMITED AVAILABILITY, STYLE WILL NOT BE RESTOCKED
ONLY 1 LEFT
Add to Bag
FAVORITE