http://www.birchwoodmedical.com/privacy-policy.php
Birchwood Laboratories LLC
Home •
About •
News •
Contact
My Account
My Cart
Checkout
Search
Wound Care
LiquiCell®
A.R.D. Anoperineal Dressings
Fuller Shield Perineal Binder
AER® Witch Hazel
AER® Witch Hazel
AER® Witch Hazel Pads
AER® Traveler Witch Hazel Towelette
B-Sure® Incontinence Care
B-Sure® Absorbent Pads
Fresh 'n Go Towelette
B-Sure® Traveler Witch Hazel Towelette
B-Sure® Bottom Balm
B-Sure® Witch Hazel Pads
LiquiCell®
LiquiCell® Shear Points
LiquiCell® Shear Reducing Interface
Large-Tip Applicators
Scopettes
Scopettes Jr.
Colorectal Care
A.R.D. Anoperineal Dressings
Fuller Shield Perineal Binder
AER® Witch Hazel
Accidental Bowel Leakage
B-SURE Incontinence Care
» B-Sure® Absorbent Pads
» B-Sure® Fresh 'n Go Towellette
» B-Sure® Traveler Witch Hazel Towelette
» B-Sure® Bottom Balm
» B-Sure® Witch Hazel Pads
Privacy Policy
Birchwood Laboratories Privacy Statement
Birchwood Laboratories respects your privacy and is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. While information is the cornerstone of our ability to provide superior customer service, our most important asset is our customers' trust. That is why keeping customer information secure is a top priority at Birchwood Laboratories. The information received from you is regarded and treated as confidential business information for use only by designated Birchwood Laboratories staff in order to provide a better response to your needs,
but at no time will information be shared with third parties or anyone outside of Birchwood Laboratories LLC
Please take a few minutes to read our complete privacy statement ("Details" below) so that you understand how information is used and the measures we take to protect your personal information.
DETAILS
What information does Birchwood Laboratories collect?
Birchwood Laboratories does not collect personally identifying information about any individual Birchwood Laboratories website user except when it is knowingly provided by the individual. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then we may not be able to help with your request or problem. Birchwood Laboratories collects the following information: name, company name and position if applicable, address, country, phone number, e-mail address, source of where you learned about our products, comments and questions about Birchwood Laboratories products. You always have the option not to provide the information we request. Some of the required fields may include your name, e-mail address and country. The information gathered in the online questionnaires/forms helps us determine who our customer base is and what your needs are. By compiling this data we can work to improve customer experiences with the company.
How does Birchwood Laboratories use the information?
Birchwood Laboratories uses the information our website visitors provide to answer questions, fill requests, provide literature, and market Birchwood Laboratories products.
By contacting us, you agree that any information or comments you provide may be shared between Birchwood Laboratories, and its affiliated companies, and it maybe used, without restriction, to process customer orders and improve or market our products.
Who does Birchwood Laboratories share information with?
Birchwood Laboratories shares the information with designated company staff assigned with customer service and marketing responsibilities, and designated affiliated companies. No other companies or third parties will receive information. Information submitted by you is used only for the intended purpose stated at the time the information is collected. You may receive updates about Birchwood Laboratories products via surface mail and e-mail. You can unsubscribe by contacting Birchwood Laboratories here.
Information is not shared with other parties for secondary or unrelated purposes. To further protect your privacy, employee access to information is restricted. Only selected employees with an absolute need to use that information, in order to better serve you, are able to view any details submitted. We take steps to make all information received from you online as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. We will always maintain control over the confidentiality of our customer information.
What types of security procedures are in place?
We temporarily store customer information online, in a secure database. The information you submit is then downloaded and stored at Birchwood Laboratories.
How can users correct any inaccuracies in their information?
You can easily change any of the information you have submitted by contacting us at: info@birchwoodmedical.com.
You can also permanently remove your information from the Birchwood Laboratories database by contacting info@birchwoodmedical.com.
We do revise and update our privacy practices from time to time and we reserve the right to do so without any notice. Please visit this page, at least once every thirty days, to review our then-current privacy practices because they are binding on you. All updates will be published at this site. You may direct any privacy policy questions to info@birchwoodmedical.com.
Birchlabs.com Site Map
Incontinence Products (Home)
Wound Care
LiquiCell
A.R.D. Anoperineal Dressings
Fuller Shield Perineal Binder
AER Witch Hazel
AER Witch Hazel
AER Witch Hazel Pads
AER Traveler Witch Hazel Towelette
B-Sure Incontinence Care
B-Sure Absorbent Pads
B-Sure Fresh 'n Go Towellette
Perineal Wash
Odor Eliminator
B-Sure Traveler Witch Hazel Towelette
B-Sure Bottom Balm
Liquicell
LiquiCell Shear Points
Shear Reducing Mattress Overlay
Large-Tip Applicators
Scopettes
Scopettes Jr.
Colorectal Core
A.R.D Anal Perineal Derssing
Fuller Shield Perineal Binder
AER Witch Hazel
Trade Show Appearances
About
History
Mission
News & Events
Blog
Contact
Privacy Policies
Terms & Conditions
© 2020 Birchwood Laboratories LLC | All Rights Reserved
MN Ecommerce Web Development by Perrill
Privacy Policies and Site Map
Terms & Conditions