http://www.a2z-kids.co.uk/terms-conditions-i7
Change Currency
€ - Euros
$ - US Dollars
£ - British Sterling
Login
Register
My Wishlist
Items (0)
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
Home
Kids Costumes
Boys Costumes
· All Boys Costumes
Girls Costumes
· All Girls Costumes
Kids Animal Costumes
· All Kids Animal Costumes
Accessories
Categories
· All Categories
· Aprons, Smocks & Waistcoats· Bags & Baskets· Cloaks, Capes & Robes· Crowns, Tiaras & Boppers· Ears & Noses· Fans & Parasols· Glasses · Gloves· Hats, Helmets & Headdresses· Jewellery· Make Up & Facepaint· Masks· Props & Other Accessories· Shoes, Boots & Boottops· Ties & Neckwear· Tights & Tutus· Weapons & Armour· Wigs· Wings & Wands
Themes
· All Themes
· Animals· Clowns· Cowboys & Indians· Halloween· Knights· Nativity· Pirates· Princesses
Events
New In
Brands
· HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON· ALICE IN WONDERLAND· ROALD DAHL· BATMAN· STAR TREK· STAR WARS· THE WIZARD OF OZ· STAR WARS - THE FORCE AWAKENS· TOY STORY
(DISNEY PIXAR)· WONDER WOMAN· HARRY POTTER· DISNEY· MARVEL· SUPERGIRL· NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM· SUPERMAN· DISNEY PRINCESS· RED RIDING HOOD· THE HOBBITView All Brands
Sale
Search
Home / Terms & Conditions
competitions
|
about us
|
gift vouchers
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions apply to the use of this website and you are requested to comply with them when using the website and in placing orders on the website.
Use of the website: Access to the website is allowed on a temporary basis. We reserve the right to withdraw or modify the web-site at any time and for any period of our choosing.
You undertake that the personal information that you provide when you register on this web-site is true and accurate. You will also notify us of any changes in your personal information that will change your registered personal information that we hold on the web-site.
You comply not to mis-use this web-site by committing a criminal offence, by transmitting any offensive material or by doing anything that is technologically harmful, in an attempt to affect computer facilities accessed through this web-site.
Any identified breach will be reported to the relevant law enforcement authorities.
You agree to indemnify the directors and employees of A2Z Kids Limited harmless, immediately, against all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, costs and expenses arising out of any breach of the Conditions by you or any liabilities arising out of use of this website, or the use by any other person accessing the website using your shopping account or your personal information.
Privacy We treat all personal information provided as confidential.
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for a2z kids Ltd (http://www.a2z-kids.co.uk).
This web site agrees to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under a2z kids control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact:
A2Z Kids Ltd. Unit 14 Woodbury Business Park Woodbury DEVON EX5 1AY United Kingdom Telephone: 01395 233 860 E-Mail: sales@a2z-kids.co.uk
Information Collection and Use A2Z Kids Ltd is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
A2Z kids Ltd collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Order We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to re-enter any shopping cart information, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site although some functionality may be affected.
For our comprehensive "Cookie Policy" please see the link at the bottom of our home page.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. The Companies we currently use to process financial transactions are as follows:
Barclaycard (credit and debit cards): Privacy Policy
Paypal:   Privacy Policy
We have provided a link to their privacy policies
Links This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we [a2z kids] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security This website takes every precaution to protect our users personal information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just surfing. While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
Correction/Updating Personal Information If a users personally identifiable information changes (such as your post code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that users personal data provided to us. This can be done by contacting our Customer Support.
Choice/Opt-out If you use this site to purchase goods or services you may occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications on our order form.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at sales@a2z-kids.co.uk
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Intellectual Property Rights and Trademarks The content on this site includes intellectual property rights; trademarks and copyrighted content. You acknowledge and agree that these rights remain vested in the website owner and their respective licensors. You are permitted to use this content only for personal use. You are not permitted to reproduce, or store this content in any format that is connected with any other business.
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Orders When you place an order on this website you will receive an email acknowledgement detailing the products you have ordered and the delivery details.This is not an order confirmation or acceptance. Order acceptance and confirmation will take place on despatch of the order from our warehouse. Only those items listed on the despatch note/invoice receipt (delivered with the order) will be included in the contract formed.
Non-acceptance of an order and subsequent notification to you can arise because:
The product ordered is unavailable due to being out of stock
Full authorised payment has not been received
The identification of a product description or pricing error
Product Range Availability and Pricing We try our hardest to ensure that all our products displayed are accurately described and correctly priced. If we identify that an error has been made in the description or pricing of a particular item that is ordered we will contact you immediately. We will reconfirm the order with you at the correct description and price or cancel it as desired. If we cannot contact you and you have already paid for the goods we will give you a full refund.
VAT & Delivery Costs All prices displayed on the website include VAT, where appropriate. Delivery costs (including VAT) are charged in addition to the item(s) cost and together these make the Total Cost.
Contract Cancellation You are entitled under The Distance Selling Regulations 2000 to cancel your contract with us up to 14 calendar days after the date of delivery of your goods. You will be entitled to a full refund , including the original postage (cheapest postal option - £3.95)) and packing charges. This only applies if all the items in the order are returned.
Please note however, you will also be required to pay for the cost of returning  items from the cancelled order.
If you wish to cancel your contract with us please call us on 01395 233860 or see our Returns Procedure.
Disclaimer of Liability Even though we do try to verify the content available on site, we make no warranty to its accuracy. We also make no warranties that this site will meet all your requirement or be interruption or error free. Furthermore, we make no warranty to correct any defects, or that the site or server that provides the site are free from bugs and viruses.We disclaim any warranties of any kind in connection with the Products displayed. (This does not effect your statutory consumer rights or your contract cancellation rights)
Invalidity If any part or provision of the Terms and Conditions are deemed unenforceable or unlawful, then that provision shall be deemed severable and will not effect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions in the Terms and Conditions.
Waiver If you breach these terms and conditions, but we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights in any other potential breach of the terms and conditions.
Entire Agreement These terms and conditions govern our relationship with you. Any changes to this must be agreed by us and signed by a director of A2Z Kids Ltd.
Governing Law These terms and conditions are to be construed in accordance with the laws of England and any dispute or claim shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Continue BrowsingVisit our homepage.
A2Z Kids
• About Us
• Size Guide
• School Orders
• Trade Enquiries & Accounts
• Competitions
• Site Map
Customer Service
• Delivery Information
• Returns Policy
• Privacy & Security Policy
• Cookie Policy
• Terms & Conditions
• Contact Us
Fancy Dress Events
• Book Day
• School History Day
• Halloween
• Nativity & Christmas
join our exclusive newsletter:
For updates on new costumes, product offers and sales
Newsletter Signup
Join Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Read the A2Z Blog
RSS Feed
eCommerce by Visualsoft