http://www.hookedontronics.com/show_privacy.jsp
Advanced Search
Home
Search
My Account
Shopping Cart
Why Shop With Us?
Info & Support
F.A.Q
Privacy
Contact Us
Testimonials
We answer every email promptly,
and always send email confirmations
and tracking numbers with every order.
We highly recommend that you check your Bulk/Spam/Junk folder frequently
when expecting an email from us.
In order to ensure that our correspondence reaches your inbox, please add the following to your address book or white list:
@hookedontronics.com
This will help prevent our emails from being misplaced in your Bulk/Junk/Spam folder.
You may also adjust your spam settings, or follow the instructions from your email provider on how to prevent our emails from being marked as Bulk/Spam/Junk.
Shop By Brand
Shop By Category
Horns & Sirens
Air Suspension
Car Audio & Video
Marine
Portables
Mattresses
Limited Steals
Outlet Superstore
HomePrivacy Statement
Privacy Statement (Effective on: 2020/09/25)
Our promise - Your privacy
Security
Notification of changes and conditions of use
Choice/Opt-Out
Information collected by HookedOnTronics
Correct/Update
Sharing of information with third-parties
Email/Invite a friend notice
Law enforcement and protection of users
Contacting the web site
Our promise - Your privacy
We're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with personal information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence to the practices you'll find common to the best websites online. We promise that we will treat your information with the honesty and sensitivity that is expected from our company.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please contact our support by email.
Privacy Notice
By visiting www.HookedOnTronics.com you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Notification of changes and conditions of use
This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use might change over time and the use of information, which we gather now,
is subject to these Notices and Terms as modified.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate
so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of
collection we will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
Information collected by HookedOnTronics
HookedOnTronics uses information that we collect from our visitors to personalize and
improve your visit at HookedOnTronics.com
We gather the following types of information:
Information you give us:
HookedOnTronics.com collects any information that you enter on our Web site.
This information is normally provided when you search, buy or when you communicate with any of our departments such as
customer service, sales or technical services through our Web site, telephone, mail or fax.
You also provide information when you establish an account with us. Examples of the type of
information you may supply us with include your name, address, telephone number, credit card
information and e-mail addresses.
Automatic Information collected by us:
Whenever you visit our Web site we collect and store information such as "cookies", which remember information about a visitor from one page to the next, and from one visit to the next. We collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet, login password, connection information such as your browser type and operating system version. We store the confirmation when you open the e-mail that we send you, the URLs which lead you to and around our Web site, including the date and time the pages you viewed, and the phone number used to call our voice telephone numbers.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to help prevent online fraud.
Your browser allows you to reject cookies and additionally software is available from third parties, which will allow you to visit our Web site without providing this information. You are welcomed at our Web site if you use this software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services. A total rejection of all the cookeis might not allow proper usage of the site. We use cookies to remember your customer ID number. This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still view contents in your Wish List and/or auto fill your name/email where needed. These cookies allow us to better serve you, and still keep your personal information fully secured.
Orders:
When you place an order we use a secure order form, which requires you to provide contact,
billing, and financial information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to
authorize your purchase. We gather the users phone number to protect ourselves and the user from possible
fraud. At no time will the user be contacted for marketing solicitations.
Sharing of information with third-parties
As a matter of practice we always try not to share any of your personal information with any
third parties, unless it is needed to complete your sales transactions, or to enhance your visit
at our website.
The following are some of the third parties that your personal data might be shared:
Credit card companies and shippers:
When you buy something from us we send your credit card
information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to
verify and authorize the purchase. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must
be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, Federal Express and the United States Postal
Service to deliver your purchase.
Third Party Transaction-Level Data:
If you visit our site from a third-party site the third-party
site may be able to access your individual transaction information. In order to track and credit your
transaction the third-party site may give you a unique code or cookie, which will uniquely identify you.
This will only happen if you link directly from a third party site to our Web site.
Any transactions made at our Web site while such a code is active will be reported back to the
third party site. We will only report non-personal information to these sites such as the date of
the transaction, the product(s) purchased and the amount spent. We will not report any information
to these third party sites that will allow them to personally identify you. The presence of a 3rd
party nav-bar atop our site is an indication that the third party site may be able to see your activity
on our site.
Third Party Ads, Surveys and Promotions:
We may use third parties to display ads, surveys and various promotions on our site. These will always be labeled with the third party name.
These third party applications may contain cookies or other codes, which are outside of our control.
Although we will attempt to only work with third parties who respect your privacy we are not responsible or
liable for any information collected by these third parties or how it is used.
You should contact the third party directly or check the third party's privacy Notice to see how any
information that they may gather will be used.
Link to Third Party Site:
Our Web site contains links to third party sites, such as our vendors.
HookedOnTronics is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these sites.
We suggest that you check the Privacy Notice of each site you visit.
Third Party Checkout Links:
If you use a third party checkout link on our site such as PAYPAL,
your name, billing and shipping addresses and credit card information is transferred to us from your
account with the third party to enable you to checkout of our site without having to re-enter
certain information.
Law enforcement and protection of users
We will release personal information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is
appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law.
We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply with court orders or subpoenas,
protect our legal rights and our users', or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/ or
credit risk reduction.
Security
Our secure servers protect your information using Firewalls and the most advanced technologies.
Whenever sensitive information is being transferred between your browser and our servers,
we use SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) the highest 256-bit encryption to make sure all your personal information is safe from unauthorized use.
When SSL is used, most browsers will show a lock icon in the bottom of the status bar.
For more information, please click on the THAWTE logo (on the left side of all our pages) to verify our membership, and our commitment to your security.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us, as stated below.
Users have the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive any of our services.
1.	You can send us an email.
2.	You can send mail to the following postal address:
HookedOnTronics.com
1541 NW 165th ST
Miami Gardens, FL 33169
Correct/Update
Our site provides users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
1. You can edit your information online by using the "My Account" page.
2. You can send use an email.
3. You can send mail to the following postal address:
HookedOnTronics.com
1541 NW 165th ST
Miami Gardens, FL 33169
Email/Invite a friend notice
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about
our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address.
HookedOnTronics.com will automatically send the friend a one time email
inviting them to visit the site.
HookedOnTronics.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and solicit their Opt-In consent, tracking the success of this program. HookedOnTronics.com will not email any additional communications, unless opt-in consent is provided by the referred friend.
Contacting the web site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site,
or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us in any of the above options.
Home | Search | My Account | Shopping Cart | Info & Support | FAQ | Privacy | Contact Us
Manufacturer Info | Email this page | Add to Favorites
Contact sales dept. by
email
Copyright © 2000-2020 HookedOnTronics. All Rights Reserved.