http://www.fromnaturewithlove.com/help/default.asp
Home Page
New Products
Sales & Specials
Clearance Items
Product Categories:
Ingredients
Bath Accessories
Bookstore
Equipment
Packaging
Resource Center:
Recipe Database
Information Library
Soapulator
Saponification Chart
Color Palette
More...
Support:
Our Policies
Order Status
Wholesale Info
Organic Certificate
Contact Us
More...
Programs:
Rewards Program
Free Sample Program
Instructor Program
Soap Donation Program
Customer Service
Please refer to the below links for information and answers to the most common questions about our company and procedures. If you are not able to find the information you are looking for, please refer to our Contact Us page for our e-mail and telephone contact information.
General Company Information and Policies
Our Story
Learn a little about From Nature With Love and its beginnings.
Meet Our Team
We'd love to introduce you to our From Nature With Love family!
Customer Testimonials
We greatly appreciate the lovely feedback that we regularly receive from our valued customers. A selection of customer comments and testimonials appears on this page.
Ordering Policies
Our ordering policies appear on this page. Please carefully read them before placing your order.
Privacy Policies
From Nature With Love strives to ensure your privacy. Our privacy policies and practices appear on this page.
Organic Certificate
We have been certified through CCOF since 2006. View our certificate for more information. From Nature With Love is a registered trademark of Natural Sourcing, LLC. You'll notice that our certificate appears in the name of Natural Sourcing.
Halal Certificate
Our certification is provided by Halal Certification Services. As with our organic certificate, you'll notice that our certificate appears in the name of Natural Sourcing. From Nature With Love is a registered trademark of Natural Sourcing, LLC.
Kosher Certificate
Our certification is provided by Kosher Certification Service. As with our organic certificate, you'll notice that our certificate appears in the name of Natural Sourcing. From Nature With Love is a registered trademark of Natural Sourcing, LLC.
Credit Card Fax Form
If you prefer to fax your credit card information instead of entering it within our secure checkout system, we welcome you to do so. Please print out our Credit Card Fax Form, complete it and submit it after you complete your online checkout. Please fax the form to us at (203) 267-6065.
CT Sales Tax Form
We are required to charge sales tax to Connecticut businesses and residents that have not filed a current Sales & Reuse Certificate with us.
If you have a Connecticut shipping address, and if you also have a valid business tax ID number, please fax a copy of your Sales & Reuse Certificate immediately after placing your order with us. Please be sure to leave a note in your order that you plan to fax the certificate, so we may remove the tax accordingly pending receipt of the form. Our fax number is (203) 702-2501. We will retain your certificate in our files so that you do not need to resubmit it for future orders placed during the year. To comply with state requirements, we will require you to send a new certificate to us at the start of each year. Thank you for understanding. You may view and print the Connecticut Sales & Reuse Certificate by clicking on the above link.
Wholesale Information
We invite you to visit the Wholesale Information area to learn about From Nature With Love's wholesale pricing.
Frequently Asked Questions
Please visit our Frequently Asked Questions area for answers to the most common questions.
Employment Opportunities
FNWL is hiring! Visit this area to learn about our available employment opportunities.
Programs and Services
The Natural Beauty Workshop
Visit FNWL's regularly updated blog, The Natural Beauty Workshop, for informative articles, recipes, interviews, tips and practical information on natural skin and hair care.
Soap Donations Wanted to Help Homeless and Domestic Abuse Shelters
We are pleased to coordinate the donation of soap to aid residents of homeless and domestic abuse shelters. Please click on the above link to learn how you can help provide soap donations.
Product Donation and Sponsorship Requests for Trade Shows and Gatherings
We are pleased to consider donating products, catalogs and other goodies for qualified trade shows, gatherings and other events.
Instructor Directory
The Instructor Directory is a free service offfered by FNWL intended to help students connect with qualified instructors. From Nature With Love does not provide an endorsement for any of the instructors that appear in the directory.
Instructor Program
This program is devoted towards assisting qualifying instructors and their students by offering discounts off of their From Nature With Love orders. Visit this area for details.
Discount Codes
Occasionally, From Nature With Love offers discounts and other special promotions to the subscribers of the From Nature With Love Mailing List and to select organizations. Visit this page to learn how to redeem discount codes or to request one for your qualifying group or organization.
Custom Soap Maker List
We have received numerous requests from retailers and other businesses that are interested in finding soap makers that will accept custom soap orders.This area lists our soap making customers that are available to do custom soap orders.
Test Laboratories
The laboratories that appear on this list have indicated that they perform challenge testing for cosmetic and toiletry products.
FNWL Text & Banners for Linking
Please visit this page for information and graphical banners that may be used for linking to From Nature With Love.
Article Reprints
We are pleased to offer a selection completed articles that may be reprinted at no charge by approved sites, magazines and newspapers. To view the articles, please visit this area.
Assistance
Checkout Assistance
Please visit the Checkout Assistance area if you encounter any difficulties during your online checkout.
Getting Help
We invite you to visit this page to learn of all the ways that you may obtain help with your questions about our products or Web site.
Contact Us
Our Contact Us area provides our telephone numbers, physical address and complete e-mail directory.
Customer Testimonial
"Your products and service are impeccable. I am truly satisfied with
everything that I have received from you. Thank you."- Pearl Meeks |
Brooklyn, NY
more testimonials
Receive Up to Five Generously Sized Free Samples With Your Qualifying Order!
learn more