http://www.cherrybrook.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Retail Stores
Dog Shows
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Cherrybrook Pet Supplies. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
Do you "sell" my name or address information?
Cherrybrook is committed to protecting your privacy. We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. Information submitted to us is only available to our employees or contracted service providers for the purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you, i.e. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. We may change this privacy policy at any time by posting revisions through this website. This policy has been revised as of 7/11/18.
Cherrybrook Email Programs
You can choose to receive email from us by signing up on our website, in one of our retail stores and at dog shows. To ensure that we are providing materials of interest to you, we may monitor whether you opened a particular email and whether you have clicked on the images and/or links therein.
If you wish to opt-out of receiving email communications from us at any time, simply follow the instructions for doing so included in the emails.
We reserve the right to send you certain communications such as emails regarding your purchases or account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them.
Website Cookies
Enabling your browser’s cookies setting is required while shopping on the Cherrybrook website. This cookie information is used to maintain the shopping cart in a session. Normally this type of cookie (session cookie) will be removed from computer memory as soon as your browser is closed. Cherrybrook does not use cookies to store security-sensitive information such as email address, user ID, password or credit card information. If your browser’s cookie setting is turned off you may not be able to put items into your shopping cart.
Website Statistics
We may collect information about your visit to our website, including what pages you view, the links you click, and other actions taken within the website. We may also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your Internet Protocol address, your browser type and capabilities and language, your operating system, the date and time you access the website, and the website from which you linked to our website.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or by looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about Cherrybrook Pet Supplies Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us. Cherrybrook Pet Supplies may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. 165 Howard St. Phillipsburg, NJ 08865
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1 (800) 524-0820 or via email at support@cherrybrook.com.
OK