https://www.delorean-parts.com/privacy-security/
Home / Privacy/Security
DeLorean Parts Northwest is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of all of its customers.We have written this privacy policy to inform you of the information collection and use policies of the DeLorean-Parts.com web site, such as the specific information that we may collect from you, how we use this information, and what options you have in sharing this information with us when you visit our site. Protecting your privacy is an important part of the DeLorean Parts Northwest’s commitment to providing you with a high quality shopping experience.SecurityThis website takes every precaution to protect our customers’ information. When customers submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.When our registration/checkout process asks customers to enter sensitive information, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on these secure pages, the lock icon or key icon on your Web browsers (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer/Edge or Chrome) and “https” at the start of the URL indicate that you are on a secure site.In addition to the SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect customer-information off-line. All of our customers’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our office.Remember you already transmit your credit card number electronically on a frequent basis. When you swipe your credit card at the local store, your card information is encrypted and transmitted over a phone network. Using your card on a secure online website is very similar – your information is encrypted and then transmitted over a high-speed network line.If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to parts@delorean-parts.com.What information do we collect, and How do we use it?DeLorean Parts Northwest is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. DeLorean Parts Northwest collects information from our customers at several different points on our website.CheckoutWe request information from the customer during the checkout process. A customer must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the customer.CookiesA cookie is a piece of data stored on the customer’s hard drive containing information about the customer. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the customer closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the customer would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a customer rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track customer’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.SharingWe use a credit card processing company to bill customers for goods and services. This companies does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.LinksThis web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we, DeLorean Parts Northwest, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our customers to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.Correction/Updating Personal Information:If a customer’s personally identifiable information changes (such as their zip code), or if a customer no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that customer’s personal data provided to us. This can be done by emailing parts@delorean-parts.comCustomers who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at parts@delorean-parts.com.Notification of ChangesIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our site so that our customers are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Customers will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner.
DeLorean Service Northwest
Click here to learn about our shipping costs. Dismiss