https://www.heritagecoffee.com/privacy-policy/
800-478-JAVA (5282)
Skip to content
Who We Are
About
Locations
Contact Us
Shop
Community
Donation Requests
Join Our Team
What’s Brewing?
Wholesale
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.heritagecoffee.com and Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. include www.heritagecoffee.com. The Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. website is an information and ecommerce site. By using the Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
– First and Last Name
– Mailing Address
– E-mail Address
– Phone Number
If you purchase Heritage Coffee Roasting Co.’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Heritage Coffee Roasting Co.’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Use of your Personal Information
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Heritage Coffee Roasting Co., and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Heritage Coffee Roasting Co.; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Heritage Coffee Roasting Co., or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Heritage Coffee Roasting Co., in order to determine what Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Heritage Coffee Roasting Co.. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. website.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. uses the following methods for this purpose:
– SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Heritage Coffee Roasting Co., you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Changes to this Statement
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co. welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, please contact us at:
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co.
538 W. Willoughby Ave.
Juneau, Alaska 99801
Email Address:
coffeeinfo@heritagecoffee.com
Telephone number:
(907)-586-1088
Effective as of May 19, 2020
Contact
Heritage Coffee Roasting Co.
538 W. Willoughby Ave.
Juneau, Alaska
Toll-Free: 800-478-JAVA (5282)
or (907)-586-1088
coffeeinfo@heritagecoffee.com
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Home
Who We Are
About
Locations
Contact Us
Shop
Community
Donation Requests
Join Our Team
What’s Brewing?
Wholesale
Stay Connected
Email (required) * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from HERITAGE COFFEE ROASTING CO.. (You can unsubscribe anytime)Constant Contact Use.By submitting this form, you are consenting to receive marketing emails from: Heritage Coffee Roasting Co., 625 7th Street, Juneau, AK, 99801, http://www.heritagecoffee.com. You can revoke your consent to receive emails at any time by using the SafeUnsubscribe® link, found at the bottom of every email. Emails are serviced by Constant Contact
SOCIAL MEDIA