http://www.highlandmint.com/privacy-policy.aspx
All Our Products are Proudly Made in the USA!
Contact Us |Custom Minting| My Account| Cart
Home
Collegiate Collectibles
MLB Collectibles
NFL Collectibles
NHL Collectibles
NBA Collectibles
Military Collectibles
Moon Landing
SEARCH STORE:
Please Join Us On
Categories
1LB Pure Silver CoinsMLB CollectiblesMoon LandingNFL CollectiblesNHL CollectiblesNBA CollectiblesCollegiate CollectiblesUSA CollectiblesCustom Minting
We Accept
Join Our Mailing List
Email Address:
Officially Licensed By:
Home > Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Email Addresses:
We do not share your email address with any outside party other than in the normal everyday course of processeing and shipping your order. From time to time you may receive emails from us promoting new items or services. An opt out option is attached to each email.
Shipping Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Home | About Us | Contact Us | My Account | Shipping Policy | Return Policy | Privacy Policy | Sitemap | Cart Help | Custom Minting
©2006- 2020The Highland Mint All rights reserved.