http://www.desktopsupplies.com/pages/privacy-policy
Desktop Publishing Supplies, Inc
Home
Clearance
Resources
Blog
Paper Weight Chart & Calculator
Made by You
Reminder by Desktop
2020 Holiday Guide
Customer Service
Shipping Information
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Returns
Contact Us
About Us
Templates
Offers
Free Stationery to Print & Color
Coupons
Newsletter (12% Order Discount with Sign Up)
1st Purchase Deal
Shop By Category
Blank Brochure Paper
8 1/2" x 11" Bifold Brochures (2 Panel)
8 1/2" x 11" Trifold Brochure Paper (3 Panel)
8 1/2" x 14" & Larger Brochure Paper
Business Card Paper
Standard Business Card Stock
Folding Business Cards
Blank Certificate Paper
Blank Certificates
Award Certificates
Certificate Covers
Christmas Paper & Cards
Christmas Paper
Boxed Christmas Cards & Holiday Cards
Holiday Postcards
Christmas Address Labels & Seals
Christmas Holiday Envelopes
Envelopes
A1 Envelopes - 3 5/8" X 5 1/8"
A2 Envelopes - 4 3/8" x 5 3/4"
A6 Envelopes - 4 3/4" x 6 1/2"
A7 Envelopes - 5 1/4" x 7 1/4"
A8 Envelopes - 5 1/2" x 8 1/8"
A9 Envelopes - 8 3/4" x 5 3/4"
#10 Business Envelopes - 4 1/8" x 9 1/2"
Mini Envelopes
Monarch Envelopes - 3 7/8" x 7 1/2"
Clear Plastic Envelope Bags
Plastic Card Boxes
Coin Envelopes
Folding Greeting Card Paper
5 1/2" x 8 1/2" Folding Greeting Cards
5" x 7" Folding Blank Greeting Cards
4 5/8" x 6 1/4" Folding Greeting Cards
4 1/4" x 5 1/2" Folding Greeting Cards
3 1/2" x 4 7/8" Folding Note Cards
4" x 9" Folding Slimline Cards
Thank You Note Cards
Flat Invitation Cards
5 1/2" x 8 1/2" Blank Flat Cards
5" x 7" Blank Flat Cards
4" x 6" Blank Flat Cards
4 1/4" x 5 1/2" Blank Flat Cards
4" x 9" Rack Cards
Stationery Flat Cards
Labels
White Matte Labels
Color Labels
Removable Labels
Media & CD Labels
Glossy Inkjet Labels
Glossy Laser Labels
Inkjet Clear Labels
Laser Clear Labels
Inkjet Gold Foil Labels
Laser Gold Foil Labels
Inkjet Silver Foil Labels
Laser Silver Foil Labels
Seals & Stickers
Round Labels
Oval Labels
Misc. Cards
Credit Card Size Paper
Raffle Ticket Paper
Blank Prayer Cards
Place Cards
8up Ticket Stock
RSVP Cards
Paper & Cardstock
8 1/2" x 11" Paper & Cardstock
8 1/2" x 14" Paper & Cardstock
11" x 17" Paper & Cardstock
Security Paper
Paper Accessories
CD Hubs
Computer Crafts
Laser Foil
Laminate for Paper & Cards
Photo Folder Frames
Blank Postcard Paper
5 1/2" X 8 1/2" Postcards (2up Postcards)
4 1/4" x 5 1/2" Postcards (4up Postcards)
4" x 6" Postcards
5" x 7" Postcards
Designer Background Postcards
Stationery Paper
All Stationery Paper
Fall Themed Stationery
Business Themed Stationery
School Themed Stationery
Nature Themed Stationery
Religious Themed Stationery
Party Themed Stationery
Baby Themed Stationery
Graduation Paper
Patriotic Stationery Paper
Stationery Paper and Envelopes Set
Privacy Policy
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Statement of Honesty and Openness:
We understand that shopping online takes a lot of trust. Desktop Publishing Supplies, Inc. takes that responsibility very seriously, which is why we aim to be as transparent as possible about the information we collect and protect.
You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes my occur over time.
What we collect
We May Collect the Following Information:
Name
Contact Information (Phone Number, Address, Company Name, and Email)
Demographic Information (Postcode, Preferences, and Interests)
How we use this information
We require this information to:
Provide the Best Possible Service for Your Needs
Keep Internal Sale Records
Improve Our Products
Occasionally Send Promotional Emails (New Products, Special Offers, Etc)
Security
We are committed to your information's security. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Do you have to give us cookies?
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
When asked to fill in a form on the website, look for a box that indicates you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you've previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you can change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@desktopsupplies.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998.  If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 34 Raccio Park Rd. Hamden Connecticut 06514 United States.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Quantity
Product successfully added to your Shopping Cart
Proceed to Checkout
Thanks for shopping with us!
Find more great products
Continue Shopping
Search something
New Customers
By creating an account with our store, you will be able to move through the checkout process faster, store multiple shipping addresses, view and track your orders in your account and more.
Create an account
Registered customers
If you have an account with us, please log in.
Please note: If you created an account with us before July 2018, you will need to reactivate your account. Please use the forgot password link below
Email Address *
Password *
Forgot your password?
Login
Register An Account
Open an account today for an enhanced shopping experience
First Name
Last Name
Email
Password
Create