http://www.lather.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Sign In
HOLIDAY SHOP
Conscious Care
Best Sellers
Face
Body
Hair
Wellness
About
HOLIDAY SHOP
By Price
By Collection
Face
Cleansers
Exfoliators
Masks
Toners
Moisturizers
Serums
Eye Care
Lip Care
Tools
Skincare Sets
Body
Scrubs
Body Wash
Soaps
Moisturizers
Deodorant
Hand & Foot Care
Shave Essentials
Accessories & Tools
Baobab & Shea Collection
As Seen in Hotels
Hair
By Category
By Hair Type
By Collection
Wellness
Sleep Essentials
Workout Essentials
Bath
Muscle Ease
Travel Ready
Wellness Balms
Candles
About
Our Mission
Our Philosophy
Emilie's Story
Stores
Radiant Life Blog
Careers
By Price
Gifts under $25
Gifts under $50
Gifts over $50
Shop All
By Collection
Give Rest
Give Protection
Give Renewal
Give an Escape
Stocking Stuffers
By Category
Shampoo
Conditioners
As Seen in Hotels
By Hair Type
Normal
Dry
Damaged & Color Treated
Fine & Oily
By Collection
Baobab & Shea Collection
Hotel Hair Collection
Loading...
COMPLIMENTARY SHIPPING ON ORDERS $60 OR MORE
COMPLIMENTARY SHIPPING ON ORDERS $60+
LATHER, Inc Privacy Policy
Effective: 09/03/2019
LATHER, Inc (“we, us, or our”) respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. The Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect about our customers, whether in-store, online, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available to our customers regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how our customers can contact us about our privacy practices. If you have any questions, comments of concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us by email at customercare@lather.com.
Please see our extended GDRP Privacy Policy here.
Information We Collect
We may obtain information about you from various sources. We may collect this information when you provide it at one of our stores, on our website and/or via one of our social media pages. This Privacy Policy does not address any data collected by our retail partners. When you visit our site or our social media pages, we may also collect certain information about your device or usage by automated means, including technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons.
Information You Provide
You may choose to provide personal information to us in a number of ways, such as when you participate in an offer or promotion, when you make a purchase on our site or in our stores or when you engage with one of our social media pages. The types of personal information you may provide includes:
Contact information (such as name, postal address, email address or phone number)
Age and date of birth
Gender
Username and Password
Purchase history
Product preferences
Your physical characteristics and skincare concerns
Content you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, survey responses and comments)
Other information provided to us through social media networks when you visit our social pages
How We Use The information
We may use the information you provide to:
Send you promotional materials (such as general LATHER updates and product information
Provide services to you
Process your payment card and/ gift card transactions
Create and manage your online account, including access to your online and in-store purchase history
Assist with product selection and replenishment
Respond to your inquiries
Tailor ads displayed to you on our site and elsewhere to your interests and history with us
Communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, contests, sweepstakes, programs (such as referral) surveys and other offers
Operate and communicate with you about our social networks
We may also use the information in other ways for which we provide notice at the time of collection.
Information We Collect by Automated Means
We also collect certain information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web servers and web beacons when you visit this site, view or click on our online advertisements (including our advertisements on third party websites) or visit our social media pages.
Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our website.
In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log details such as your operating system type, browser type, domain, and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone in which your device is located. The web server logs also may record information such as the address of the web page that linked you to our site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.
To control which web servers collect this information, we may place tags on our web pages called “web beacons.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies.
Third Party Web Analytics Services
We may use third party web analytics on this site or our social network pages. The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to help us analyze how visitors use the site.
Targeted Advertising
We also may contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information through the use of cookies, web server logs and web beacons on our websites and emails; on third-party websites and emails; and on our advertising placed on third-party websites. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests (including for companies not affiliated with us). You may see these advertisements on our websites and other websites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
California Do Not TrackUnder California law, website and online service operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about a consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites. We currently do not change our tracking practices in response to “do-not-track” signals or other similar mechanisms.
California law also requires website and online service operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator’s website or service. Third parties that have content or services on our site such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include personal information.  These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to “do-not-track” signals from your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor “do-not-track” signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and “Do Not Track,” please visit http://allaboutdnt.org.
Information We Share
Third party service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that process credit card payments, fulfill orders and provide web hosting, advertising and marketing services, and other third parties with your consent (e.g., some of our Facebook applications may share information collected through those apps with your Facebook friends or other Facebook users).
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy.  Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
Your Rights and Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect from you, such as how we use the information and how we communicate with you.  To update your preferences, ask us to remove your information from our mailing lists or submit a request, please contact us in the manner specified below.
Email Opt-Out
Upon receiving email communications from LATHER, you may decide to opt-out of receiving future email communications from LATHER.com by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication. You may also email LATHER via the contact form on this website and describing that you would like to be removed from the system.
Withdrawing Consent
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal information.  We will apply your preferences going forward.  In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you cannot take advantage of some of our products or services.
Social Networking Application Opt-Out
To remove or delete our social media applications from your social networking account, follow the instructions from the social network. For example: Facebook Help Center.
Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate.  The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.  You may request to review, change or delete your personal information by sending an email to info@lather.com.
Data Transfer
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the country in which the information was originally collected and your personal information may be processed and stored outside of your country of residence. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country of residence and your personal information will be subject to applicable foreign laws. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy
If you are under 18 years of age, you may browse our site. However, you may not provide personal information to us and you may not download any of our mobile applications. This site is not directed to children under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18 on the site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 18 on the site, we will delete the information from our records.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. However, no security system is perfect and we cannot promise that information about you will remain secure in all circumstances, including the security of your data during transmission to us or the security of data on your mobile device.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update information we have about your preferences, please contact us via email at customercare@lather.com or via mail:  LATHER, Inc, 76 N. Fair Oaks Ave, Pasadena, CA 91103,  United States