http://www.corsaperf.com/pages/privacy-policy
Exhaust Systems
Air Intakes
Headers
Accessories
Exhaust Systems
Air Intakes
Headers
Accessories
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use Please read the following terms of use carefully before using the CORSA® Performance Website. By using this site, you signify that you agree to these terms of use. If you do not agree to these terms of use, please do not use this site.
Privacy Policy
The content of this website is intended to convey general information about TMG Performance Products, LLC.. dba CORSA Performance®. While CORSA Performance® will use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information, we do not warrant and cannot guarantee the accuracy or completeness of the information, text, graphics, links, and other items herein. The information on this website is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you. CORSA Performance® further disclaims any representation about the suitability of the information contained on this Website for any purpose. In no event will CORSA Performance® or its employees be liable under any contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or other claim based on any theory of liability for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, goodwill, use, data, or other intangible losses (even if advised of the possibility of such damages) resulting from the use of or the inability to use the website, site content, or any products or services, or any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, effect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, line system failure, loss of data, or loss of use related to this website or any website operated by a third party. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
CORSA Performance® is committed to protecting the privacy of our clients. This notice summarizes CORSA Performance’s policies and practices regarding the treatment of nonpublic personal information that we acquire about our clients and how we use such information obtained from potential, current and former customers.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: Information we receive directly from you, information regarding the goods we sell, services we provide or have previously sold or provided to you. In addition, information that we receive from third parties in connection with the goods and services we sell and provide or have sold or provided to you.
We may collect information from you when you complete an application or other form or when you inquire about or purchase products from us, and/or various consumer reporting agencies.
This information can be received in any manner, including but not limited to in-person discussions, telephone conversations, electronic correspondence, e-commerce transaction or other written communications.
We use your personal information (and any information you may share about someone else, e.g., placing an order and shipping it to a friend) and may provide it to others to process your requests and transactions, fulfill legal and regulatory requirements, and to perform services on your behalf. We do not share or sell information to third parties. We store your information in a secure location.
Security We currently use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. None of the tens of thousands of people, who have made purchases through the corsaperformance.com web site using SSL, have reported to us fraudulent use of their credit card as a result of their online order. We believe SSL to be a very safe encryption method, but we are always looking for even more secure encryption methods to safeguard information sent online.
To protect your information once your transaction is complete, CORSA Performance stores your information on an offline server stored securely behind our firewall. There is no external access to this information and its internal access is strictly monitored.
For your protection, never put your credit card number or other sensitive information in unencrypted e-mail. In the extremely unlikely event that we ever do suspect a customer's credit card number has been intercepted, we will immediately notify the customer.
Although we link our site to other Web sites, we cannot guarantee your security or privacy when you visit those sites.
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about you to anyone without your consent except as allowed or required by law. Please note, however, that the law allows us to share your financial information with others to market products or services to you.
CORSA Performance's personnel and consultants are provided access to your nonpublic personal information in connection with a legitimate business purpose, such as the sale of goods or provision of services to you. Individuals who have access to your personal information are required to keep it strictly confidential. To prevent unauthorized access, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your nonpublic personal information from disclosure other than as permitted by this Privacy Notice. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
We will continue to adhere to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Notice with respect to information that we have acquired about you even if we no longer provide services to you.
We reserve the right to choose not to deal with any person, for any reason or without a reason. Without limiting that right, we may immediately issue a warning, temporarily suspend, indefinitely suspend, or immediately or later terminate your right to access our site and refuse to provide our services to you (a) if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us, or (b) we believe that your actions may cause legal liability for you, our other customers, distributors, parts sellers, if any, providing listings on this site, or us.
We reserve the right to change these policies and practices at any time. When appropriate, a revised Privacy Notice will be provided to you incorporating such changes.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact Ric Sturm, Controller, at (440) 891-0999 or e-mail Mr. Sturm at rsturm@corsaperf.com.
Subscribe Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …