http://www.drawtite-hitches.com/customer_service/privacy_security
Home  |
Cart/Check Out
Over 250,000 Trailer Hitches, Cargo Carriers & Bike Racks Sold!
Find Your Hitch
Trailer Hitches
Trailer Hitches
Weight Distributing Hitches
Fifth Wheel Hitches
Gooseneck Hitches
Sway Control
Front Mount Hitches
DMI Cushioned Hitches
Motorhome Hitches
Trailer Hitch Accessories
Hitch Balls
Utility Ball Mounts
Specialty Ball Mounts
Locks, Pins & Clips
Towing Starter Kits
Hitch Tube Covers
Pintle Hooks & Lunette Rings
Extensions, Adapters & Fabrication Parts
Electrical Wiring
All Electrical Wiring
T-Connectors
Brake Controllers
Fifth Wheel & Gooseneck Wiring
Modulite Wiring
Connectors, Converters & Adapters
Mounting Brackets
Cargo Management
Cargo Carriers & Accessories
Hitch Mounted Carriers
Hitch Mount Bike Racks
Cargo Bags, Nets, Tie-Downs & Accessories
Vehicle Accessories
Truck Accessories
Bed and Tailgate Mats
Transmission Coolers
Towed Vehicle Products
Louvered Tailgates
Towing Mirrors
Trailer Accessories
Couplers
Jacks
Lights
Safety Chains
Winches
Learning Center
General Towing
Fifth Wheel Towing
Gooseneck Towing
Weight Distribution
Sway Control
About Transmission Coolers
Towing Terms
Towing Laws
Our Privacy and Security Policies
This privacy
notice discloses the privacy practices for Drawtite-Hitches.com.  This
privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.
It will notify you of the following:
1.  What personally identifiable information is collected from you
through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
2.  What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3.  The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your
information.
4.  How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND SHARING:
We collect no information on dealers or consumers who browse our web
pages.
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this
site.  We only collect or have access to information that you
voluntarily give us via orders, email or other direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will only use your information to respond to you regarding
the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information
with any third party outside of our organization, other than as
necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the
future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes
to this privacy policy.
YOUR ACCESS TO AND CONTROL OVER INFORMATION:
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You
can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address
or phone number given on our web site:
* See what data we have
about you, if any.
* Change/correct any data
we have about you.
* Have us delete any data
we have about you.
* Express any concern you
have about our use of your data.
SECURITY:
Drawtite-Hitches.com
employs a SiteSafe™ SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Certificate from
Go Daddy which creates an encrypted link between our site and your web
browser. The encryption provided by an SSL Certificate helps prevent
hackers from stealing private and confidential information sent via the
Internet when sensitive information is being entered such as credit card
information, etc.
We use encryption to protect your sensitive information offline.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for
example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally
identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store
personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
My Shopping Cart
(Your cart is empty)
Your cart total qualifies for FREE UPS Ground Shipping!*
My Vehicle
Contact Customer Service
Why Shop With Us?
Towing Experts
We have over 50 years experience in the towing industry! We are the experts! Towing Experts...
Lifetime Guarantee
We are the only hitch company online that offers you a Lifetime Guarantee on all of the products that we offer. Lifetime Hitch Guarantee...
Easy Returns
If you need to return a product that you ordered from us please contact us via our toll-free telephone number to work out the return - without any hassles or headaches. Easy Returns...
Knowledgeable Support
Call toll-free 1.877.507.0710 for expert advice on everything we offer.
Phone Sales: Orders taken M - F: 8am to 5pm (CST)
Contact Us
About Us
Contact Information
Cancel or Change Your Order
Why Shop With Us?
Lifetime Guarantee
Easy Returns
Your Info Is Secure
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Privacy & Security Policies
Ordering & Shipping
Ordering Questions?
Track Your Shipped Order
Shipping Information
UPS Map & Transit Time
Shopping Cart |
About Us |
Contact Us
Copyright © 2002 - 2020 All rights reserved.
Data generated in 0.001456 (s) from 6 queries.
CPU load: 0.00
__