http://www.about-beads.com/pages/privacy-policy
Subscribe To Our Newsletter!
We hate spam too! Our newsletter lets you know about new products, specials, discounts and updates that effect your shopping experience.
Our processing time to fill orders is currently running at approx 72 business hours. Please Note: The USPS is experiencing delays in mailing times which may delay the arrival of your order.
Home
Delica 11/0
Contact Us
NEW Exclusive Color Palettes
276-207-8222
info@kwcraftsfl.com
My Account
Welcome to www.about-beads.com!
Login
Create Account
0
Home
Shop
Exclusive Color Palettes
Delica 11/0
Seed Beads 11/0
Threads & Needles
Beading Supplies
Flip Top Tubes
Community Inspiration Gallery
About Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to www.about-beads.com!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement - Updated May 22, 2018-----SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at support@kwcraftsfl.com or mailing us at:www.about-beads.com1310 Enclave Dr Rockledge Florida US 32955SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.SECTION 4 - SHOPIFYOur store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Payment:If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.SECTION 6 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.SECTION 7 - COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.SECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 9 - YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
SECTION 10 - DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
SECTION 11 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at support@kwcraftsfl.com or by mail atwww.about-beads.com[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]1310 Enclave Dr Rockledge Florida US 32955-----
Delica Specs/Info
Inspiration
Contact Us
Customer Testimonials
Quick Links
Search
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Customer Account
View Your Cart
Helpful Info
Product Details
Ordering Info & Return Policy
Shipping Info
Community Inspiration
Customer Testimonials
If We Don't Have It, We'll Get It!
If there's a product or color that we don't carry,
just send us an email to info@kwcraftsfl.com and we'll get it ordered immediately!
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 www.about-beads.com
|
American Express
Apple Pay
Diners Club
Discover
Elo
JCB
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa