http://www.truesun.com/pages/privacy-policy
WOW0821240209BLCLJLLLML
Browse
Close menu
Search
Light Therapies
UTK Far Infrared Pain Relief
Information
Log in
Create account
Light Therapies
Light Therapies
Acne Lights
Bio-Photons
Dawn Simulators
Full Spectrum Bulbs
LED Full Spectrum Light
Pain Relief
Skin Care
SAD Light Boxes
Electrotherapies
Over-the-Counter
TENS Units
EMS Units
TENS/EMS Combo
Interferential
Galvanic Stimulators
Russian Stimulators
MicroCurrent
ElectroGarments
Electrodes
UTK Far Infrared Pain Relief
UTK Far Infrared Jade Heating Pad
UTK Far Infrared Jade
UTK Natural Jade &Tourmaline
Information
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Information
Red Light Theapy
Light Therapy Guide to Acne
FAQ
Returns
Shipping
Privacy
My Cart
"Close Cart"
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CookiesA cookie is a data file that certain web sites write to your computer's hard drive when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to maintain a personalized look and feel on the pages you have visited. Our site uses cookies solely to maintain "members-only" access levels throughout the web site. We use this data on an anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with personal data of any user.Most web site browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, or to refuse all cookies. However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our web site, you may not be able to use certain features of the site.Browser Level InformationOur web servers automatically collect information about a site user's IP address, browser type and referrer by reading this information from the user's browser (information provided by every user's browser). This information is collected in a database and used--in an aggregated, anonymous manner--in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our web site. This information is automatically logged by most web sites.DefinitionsIP address:Every computer connected to the Internet has a numeric address called an IP address. This may or may not correspond uniquely to a particular computer. In some cases, IP addresses can be resolved to domain names, which may indicate a site visitor's Internet service provider, employer, university, etc. As part of our analysis we resolve IP addresses to domain names.Browser type:A user's browser is a software program running on a computer that allows users to access documents on the World Wide Web. Browsers can be either text or graphic. They read HTML coded pages that reside on a server and interpret the coding into what the user sees as Web pages. Mozilla Firefox and Microsoft Internet Explorer are examples of Web browsers. Browser type typically discloses hardware platform, operating system, and browser software and version.Referrer:The referrer is the URL of the Internet resource or page that causes a browser to request a page or image from our servers.
Revive Light Therapy Acne Light Treatment
A natural way to get rid of your acn
UTK Far Infrared Naturala Pain Relief
The UTK Jade Tourmaline Heating Pad and Pain Relief
Don't Take Our Word For it! Here's What Our Customers Think:
“Wonderful Transaction! Seller sent mitt very quickly! THANK YOU!! ”
- US
“Seller is prompt, package arrived as expected (in Canada), everything new and well packed. Happy with the Valkee2. Use it everyday and have noticed a benifits. Will try it for jet lag soon. Happy customer ”
- Canada
“Great Item + Smooth Transaction + Timely Delivery = A GREAT SELLER!!! AAAAA+++++ ”
- US
Added to cart!
Grab 2 & Get This Free Product
YES! I WANT THIS SPECIAL OFFER
No Thanks, I Just Want One