http://www.lightimpressionsdirect.com/privacy-statement/
Blue Latex Palm Grip...
Quantity
Update
Blue Latex Palm Grip...
has been updated in your cart
Categories
Albums & Scrapbooks
Archival Boxes
Archival Pages
Digital Storage & Accessories
Dry Mount
Mat Boards
Photo Institutional Supplies
Picture Framing
Presentation & Transporting Art
Protectors - Page & Print
Archival Tapes & Adhesives
Photo/Slide Viewing & Handling
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Help Center
For First Time Visitors
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Other Ways to Order
Site Problems
Returns and Exchanges
Ordering
Finding Products
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Order Status
Multiple Ship-to Locations
International/Express Shipping
Your Membership Account
Advantages of Membership
Managing Your Account
Privacy Policy
Light Impressions has a firm commitment to securing the privacy of your information. This privacy policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our visitors and the companies, businesses and organizations they represent (collectively, "you"). IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE POLICY BELOW, YOU SHOULD NOT USE THE Light Impressions WEB SITE.
Information
Light Impressions obtains information from and about you in order to tailor our services to your needs and deliver product choices related to your interests. This information is sometimes "personal" (that is, information that may be personally identifiable to a particular user of the Site (i.e. favorite items, prior orders) and other times "general" (information not identifiable to a particular user). Light Impressions is the sole owner of all information (personal and general) collected on the Site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in the Policy.
Personal Information
Light Impressions obtains personal information from and about our users at several different points on the Site.
Registration for MembershipThere are two kinds of visitors to the Site: registered ("members") and unregistered (non-members). All visitors have access to some portions of the Site. Non-members can go everywhere except into the member services area. Members have access to their password protected billing/shipping information, favorite items, prior web orders.
We do suggest you register as a member. This feature asks visitors to give their individual and/or company contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to send you information about our company and to contact you about the products and services on the Site. We also request visitors who are registering to provide billing and shipping information. This information is used for the purpose of saving your information so that you do not need to type it in each time you make a purchase.
Ordering Products and ServicesWe request additional information from any visitor who decides to purchase a product or service on the Site. This additional information is required on our order form for the particular product or service. Here you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with you. When purchasing an item using a credit/purchasing card, your credit card information is not saved for security purposes, you will need to type it in each time you make a purchase.
Tell-A-FriendIf you elect to use our referral service for informing a friend about the Site, you must be a member and we will ask for your friend's name and email address. Light Impressions will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the Site. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. You or your friend may contact us at help@fdmbrands.com to request the removal of this information from our database.
Third-Party InformationWhen you register at a third-party website and provide personal information to those third parties, Light Impressions Products may (pursuant to agreements between Light Impressions and those third parties) obtain information to populate Site registration forms for use when you hyperlink to the Site. You will be notified of this and be allowed to change or delete your information.
Email InformationWhen you send us email messages, we may retain the content of your email messages, together with your email address and our response to you.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information transferred for record-keeping purposes to your computer's hard disk by a website. They allow the Site to store information about your preferences, making the Site more useful to you. Many major sites use cookies; in fact, they are used throughout the Internet industry to offer personalized services. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies; Light Impressions uses your browser for a cookie of its own. Each time you use the Site, this cookie is accessed. That way, we can track the features you use and the pages and content that you view on the Site to help personalize your experience. If you choose, the use of a "cookie" also lets you automatically log-in to the Site so that you do not have to reenter your email and/or password each time you visit. Other Light Impressions partners that offer products or services on the Site may use cookies to collect other information about you. Be sure that we're committed to doing business with other companies that mirror our stringent privacy policies. But Light Impressions doesn't control the collection or use of information by these companies. If you have questions about how they handle their information, we encourage you to contact them directly. If, for any reason, you would rather not make use of the benefits made possible via cookies, most browsers will let you reject them, or to select which cookies to accept. Be aware though, that by disabling cookie support on your browser, you will lose certain features that require a cookie to work properly.
IP Addresses
We automatically capture the Internet Protocol (IP) address and host name (if available) of your originating server. The IP address identifies the server you are working on, but does not reveal any personal information about you. We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, assist with customer support, track users' movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Supplementation of Information
We may supplement the information we receive from you with information from third-party sources.
Use and Disclosure of Information
General Information
Light Impressions uses and discloses general information about our visitors to understand Site demographics and content preferences. We may share aggregate information about our visitors, sales, Site traffic patterns and related information to our business partners, affiliates or other third parties.
Personal Information
Except as described below, Light Impressions will not willfully disclose any personal information about you to any third party without first receiving your permission. In all cases, we may disclose or use your personal information when we are legally compelled to do so, or when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it, or for the protection of our rights.
Registration and Other Information
We may use your personal information to notify you about important changes to the Site or our business, new Light Impressions services and special offers that you may find valuable.
We may also enter into agreements with third parties who may be given access to your personal information for the purpose of providing you information regarding products and services that we think will be of interest to you.
We use a credit card processing company to bill customers for products and services. This company does not retain, share, store or use your personal information for any secondary purposes.
Security
Light Impressions is committed to protecting the personal information you provide to us. When you submit sensitive information via the Site, your information is protected both online and off-line by state-of-the-art, industry-standard technology.
When our registration/order form asks your to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with what we believe to be the best encryption software in the industry-SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just 'surfing'. To learn more about SSL, follow this link www.zdwebopedia.com/TERM/S/SSL.html.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect your personal information off-line. All of our visitors' personal information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. All employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our customers' information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personal information on are kept in a secure environment, which utilizes surveillance cameras, motion sensors, and other intrusion-detection measures.
Your access to some services is password protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Light Impressions will never ask for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. You should not disclose your password to others.
If you have any questions about the security at the Site, you can send an email to: help@fdmbrands.com
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
The Site contains links to other web sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our visitors to be aware when they leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. The Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your personal information changes (such as your zip code), or if you no longer desire our service, we will try to provide a way to correct, update or remove from our database the personal information that you provided to us. This can be done within Member Services or by emailing us at help@fdmbrands.com
Choice/Opt-out
We give you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personal information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point where we ask for the information. For example, during registration, you will be asked if you want to receive information from Light Impressions, our partners and affiliates or other select companies. If you do not want us to use your name and email address for marketing or special promotions, just make sure the appropriate boxes are not checked. If you change your mind later, you can visit the Member Services at any time to change your selection. As a member, you are not able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about our services.
Please note that Light Impressions is not responsible for removing information from third-party lists with which you previously authorized us to share your contact information.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change the Policy, we will post those changes on this page so our visitors are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your personal information in this different manner. We will not use your personal information in a manner that is different than stated at the time of collection without receiving your written or email permission.
Shopping Cart
0 item |
$0.00
Express Shop
Sign Up - For Special Email Offers!
Site Navigation
Home
Company Info
Customer Service
Resources
Catalog Request
Shopping Cart
Privacy Statement
Contact Us
Categories
Albums & Scrapbooks
Archival Boxes
Archival Pages
Digital Storage & Accessories
Dry Mount
Mat Boards
Photo Institutional Supplies
Picture Framing
Presentation & Transporting Art
Protectors - Page & Print
Archival Tapes & Adhesives
Photo/Slide Viewing & Handling
100 Carlson Rd
Rochester NY 14610
1-844-656-4876
2020 © Light Impressions.
All Right Reserved.
Sitemap |
Privacy Policy