http://www.ultratec.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy Policy Privacy Policyadminuti2019-12-18T17:21:47+00:00Last Updated: 12/18/2019Ultratec, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“Ultratec”, “Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) value your privacy.  This Privacy Policy describes how Company uses personal information that we process in connection with your use of this website and any other website or application we operate that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Sites”) and all other products or services available through our Sites (collectively, our “Service(s)”).Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to better understand how we collect, use, and disclose personal information about you as you use our Service.FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERSIn addition to this privacy policy, if you are a California resident, the Ultratec Privacy Notice for California Consumers  applies to you.Information we collect.When you use the Services we collect information in two ways:information you provide to us,information we collect automatically when you use our Services (for example using “cookies” and other technologies);Below we explain each of these ways in more detail:Information You Provide To Us.When you use our Services, we collect information that you choose to share with us.  For example, we collect the following when you provide it to us:Name;Email address;Address;Phone numberEquipment’s Electronic Serial Number (ESN)Information We Collect Automatically When You Use Our Services.Certain information on our Service is collected automatically by means of various software tools. We have a legitimate interest in using such information to assist in systems administration, information security and abuse prevention, to track user trends, and to analyze the effectiveness of our Service.  Below are examples of information we collect automatically.Log FilesLog files refers to the information that is automatically sent by your web browser or device (or otherwise automatically collected) each time you view or interact with our online Service. The information inside the log files may include IP addresses, type of browser, internet service provider, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us.Device and Online Usage InformationWe may collect information about your mobile phone, computer, browser, mobile or other device that you use to access our Service. We may use cookies, pixels, log files and other techniques to collect such information, including IP address, device identifiers and other unique identifiers, browser type, browser language, operating system name and version, device name and model, version, referring and exit pages, dates and times of Service access, links clicked, features uses, crash reports and session identification information.CookiesWe may use cookies to make interactions with our Service easy and meaningful. When you visit our Service, our servers may send a cookie to your computer. We may use cookies that are session-based or persistent. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use cookies that enable you to navigate our Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of our Service. Because required cookies are essential to operate our Service, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. We use cookies to provide features and services such as:Remembering your preferences and allowing you to enter your information less frequently;Presenting information that’s targeted to your interests, which may include our content presented on another website;Measuring the effectiveness of our sites, services, content, and advertising;Providing other services and features that are only available through the use of cookies;The Options/Settings section of most internet browsers will tell you how to manage cookies and other technologies that may be transferred to your device, including how to disable such technologies. You can disable our cookies or all cookies through your browser settings, but please note that disabling cookies may impact some of our Service features and prevent the Service from operating properly.Web Beacons and Similar Tracking TechnologiesWhen you visit our Service, we may collect your IP address for certain purposes such as, for example, to monitor the regions from which you navigate our Service. We may also use web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about your usage of our Service and interaction with emails from us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular site tied to the web beacon. We may use web beacons to operate and improve our Service.Information We Collect or Receive From Other SourcesWe may collect or receive information about you from other businesses we work with to deliver our Services to you.How We Use YOUR INFORMATIONIf you submit or we collect Information through our Service, then such Information may be used to:Enable you to engage with our Sites and Services;Provide, analyze, administer, improve, and personalize the Service;Provide you with the Service and any information, product or order fulfillment;Contact you in connection with the Service, notifications, events, programs or offerings;Send you updates and promotional materials;Provide personalized advertising to you;Protect our rights or our property and to ensure the technical functionality and security of the ServiceComply with applicable law, assist law enforcement, and to respond to regulatory or other legal inquiries.How We Share or Disclose YOUR INFORMATIONIn operating our business and providing you the Sites and Services, we may share your information in the following ways:With our service providers— We disclose information with our third-party service providers to perform tasks on our behalf and to assist us in providing our Services. For example, we may share your information with service providers who assist us in performing core functions (such as hosting, data storage, and security) related to our operation of the Service and/or by making certain interactive tools available to you as a user.With third parties for legal or security reasonsWe may share information about you if we reasonably believe that disclosing the information is needed to:comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation.investigate, remedy, or enforce potential violations of our Terms of Use or Privacy Policyprotect the rights, property, and safety of us, our users, or others.Detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns.With third parties as part of an acquisition or liquidationIf we are involved in a merger, asset sale, financing, corporate divestiture, reorganization, or acquisition of all or some portion of our business to another company or if we undergo liquidation or bankruptcy proceedings, we may share your information in connection with such transaction or proceeding before and or after the transaction closes or the proceedings are completed.With your consent—We may share information in other ways if you give us consent or direct us to do so.Aggregated or Deidentified InformationTo better serve our users, business partners, and to improve our Service, we may conduct research on user demographics, interests and behavior or engage in other activities based on personal information that we aggregate or de-identify.  Aggregated or de-identified information is not considered personal information and does not identify a user personally.  We may share this aggregated or de-identified information with our affiliates, agents, business partners, and/or other third parties.Do Not Track SignalsWe do not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.How We Use Analytics Services, Including Google AnalyticsWe may use certain third party analytics services to improve the functionality, features, or delivery of our Services. We may also use these analytics services to record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, as well as any text that you type into our Services. For example, we use Google Analytics on our Services to track user trends and usage. For more information on Google Analytics’ processing of your information as it relates to our Service, please see http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. By using a browser plugin provided by Google, you can opt out of Google Analytics.Security of your informationWe take the protection of your information seriously and take reasonable and appropriate physical, administrative, and technical measures to protect the information collected through our Sites and Services.   While we implement commercially reasonable security measures to protect your privacy, please keep in mind that the Internet is not a 100% secure medium for communication, and we cannot guarantee that the information collected about you will always remain private when using our Site and/or Services. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.Children’s PrivacyOur Sites and Services are not intended for or directed to individuals under 13 years of age, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. When a user discloses personal information on our Service, the user is representing to us that he or she is at least eighteen (18) years of age.LINKS TO OTHER SITESOur Sites may include links to other third party websites as a convenience to you. If you click on one of those links you will be taken to websites we do not control, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to those third party websites. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its site(s), or its product(s) and/or service(s). Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of any other site.SOCIAL MEDIA and PLUG-INS.Our online services may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button) to enable you to easily interact with certain social media websites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram) and share information with others.  When you visit our online services, the operators of the available social media plugins can place a cookie on your device enabling such operators to recognize individuals who have previously visited our online services.  If you are logged into these social media websites while visiting our online services, the social media plugins allow the relevant social media websites to receive information that you have visited our online services or other information.  The social media plugins also allow the applicable social media websites to share information about your activities on our online services with other users of the social media website.  For example, Facebook Social Plugins allow Facebook to show your “Likes” and comments on our online services to your Facebook friends.  Facebook Social Plugins also allow you to see your friends’ Facebook activity on our online services.  We do not control any of the content from the social media plugins. We may also interact with you on social media platforms. If you contact us on one of our social media platforms, request services, or otherwise communicate directly with us on social media, we may contact you to interact with you. For more information about social media advertising and social media plugins from other social media websites, please refer to those websites’ privacy and data sharing statements.Location-based servicesWe collect information about your estimated location which may be deduced by various technologies including IP address. While do not currently collect precise geolocation, but if we enable that, we will obtain your consent or acknowledgement before doing so.Changes to this Privacy PolicyAs applicable laws and our organization changes over time, this Privacy Policy may change as well. We reserve the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time, for any reason, without notice to you, other than the posting of the amended Privacy Policy on our Sites.  We will provide you notice of material changes by indicating that the Privacy Policy has been updated on our homepage and will indicate the date we made the update above.   Your continued use of any of the Sites and/or Services after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please therefore make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not agree with any updates to the Privacy Policy, please discontinue using the Sites and/or Services.Contact UsAny comments, concerns, complaints, or questions regarding our Privacy Policy may be addressed to:  privacy@ultratec.com or 1-877-464-9149.  Please note that email communications may not be secure. Accordingly, you should not include personal or other sensitive information in your email correspondence to Company.
Go to Top