https://www.therefinedfeline.com/privacy-policy/
FAST FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $60  Details
800 289-6136
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pinterest
Youtube
Login
FAQ
Contact Us
Newsletter Signup
0 Items
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for (TheRefinedFeline.com). This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
Sign up to our newsletter for 10% off your first order!
Learn about new product launches, get valuable discounts, read interesting articles, and watch funny cat videos. (Be sure to check your Spam folder for your welcome email)
CLOSE
For cat lovers unsure if their cat will take to our products, we offer a 60-day trial. The trial starts from the day the package is delivered. Some cats need a few weeks to get comfortable with new furniture. Try catnip or treats to help encourage them.
However, if your cat isn’t using their new furniture and you’d like a refund, please first contact customer service before returning the product. Rather than return the item to us, we prefer used items are donated to local cat shelters and rescues. Money-back guarantee only applies to items ordered on TheRefinedFeline.com and not purchased through 3rd parties. Please contact those retailers regarding their return policies
CLOSE
CLOSE
Independence Day Sale! Get 15% off until 7/5/20 with code JULY4. Excludes sale items, replacement parts and accessories, and Crystal Clear Lotus.
CLOSE
Free ground shipping on orders over $60 within the continental US. Orders outside the continental US will incur an extra fee. Contact Customer Service with postal code for additional costs. Free shipping valid on products only, accessories and replacement parts not included.
×