http://www.footesmusic.com/privacy-cookies-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Free delivery on all orders over £50
PRICE MATCH PROMISE
CLICK AND COLLECT
FREE DELIVERY OVER £50
Home
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Privacy & Cookies PolicyOur Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. The Information We Collect: This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Footesmusic website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: • Name • Address • Email address • Phone number • Credit/Debit Card Information On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: • Name • Address • Phone Number The Way We Use Information: We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive details of our special offers, in store events as well as updates on new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you subscribe to our newsletter or join our mailing list. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Our commitment to GDPR: to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our Commitment To Children's Privacy: Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging on to your account. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, email us at sales@footemusic.com or write to us at Foote’s 41 Store Street London WC1E 7DB.CookiesTo make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. Most big websites do this too.What are cookies?A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another.How do we use cookies?A number of our pages use cookies to remember: your display preferences, such as contrast colour settings or font sizeif you have already replied to a survey pop-up that asks you if the content was helpful or not (so you won't be asked again)if you have agreed (or not) to our use of cookies on this siteAlso, some videos embedded in our pages use a cookie to anonymously gather statistics on how you got there and what videos you visited.Enabling these cookies is not strictly necessary for the website to work but it will provide you with a better browsing experience. You can delete or block these cookies, but if you do that some features of this site may not work as intended.The cookie-related information is not used to identify you personally and the pattern data is fully under our control. These cookies are not used for any purpose other than those described here.
x
Join
Top