http://www.bigboppa.co.uk/privacy-policy
Vinyl 45s & Reproduction Record Sleeves | BigBoppa Records
BigBoppa Records
Record Artist
Record Title
Sleeve
Search Basket (0) £0.00
Customer Login
Create an Account
7" Repro Sleeves
Sleeves Research
78s Repro Sleeves
7" Records
Record Grading
Payment & Delivery
Customer Feedback
Doug's Blog
Basket (0) £0.00
Record Artist
Record Title
Sleeve
Search Basket (0) £0.00
7" Repro Sleeves
Sleeves Research
78s Repro Sleeves
7" Records
Record Grading
Payment & Delivery
Customer Feedback
Doug's Blog
Privacy PolicyYour Privacy
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected.
We explain below:
Protecting Your Security
The information we collect and how we use it
Our use of Cookies and other information gathering technologies
How we protect your information
Sale of Business
Updating your details
Changes
How to contact BigBoppa
1. Protecting Your Security
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
2. Information We Collect & How We Use It
When you place an order, or use any online form on our website we need to know your name and other information such as your postal address, e-mail address, telephone number and your credit card number and expiry date or bank account details etc. By submitting this information you consent to use of the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time.
We gather this information to allow us to process your request. The relevant information is then used by us, our agents and sub-contractors to provide you with the service you have requested and to communicate with you on any matter relating to the provision of the service in general.
We may also use aggregate information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop the website and our service and may provide such aggregate information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual.
3. Our Use of Cookies and Other Information Gathering Technologies
Cookies are small text files on you computer. A cookie contains identifying information. The cookie is used to make the link between you and the information you have provided to the website. This allows your shopping basket to be kept separate from other users and enables us to automatically complete some of the forms when you subsequently use them.
The creation of a cookie on your computer does not give the website any access to other information such as your e-mail address.
4. How We Protect Your Information
We endeavour to protect the information you provide and there are various security procedures that have been put in place, as set out in this policy.
We have installed a mechanism that uses digital server identities so that you can be sure that the website you access is sterlingproducts.co.uk. This is done using one of the internet Trusted Certification Authorities. When you access the secure pages of our site your browser will be provided with an electronic certificate confirming that you have accessed our site and all communications will be encrypted. When you create an online order, request or feedback that is then passed on to the relevant destination using the same level of encryption, this includes credit card verification. Firewalls are used to block unauthorised traffic to the servers and the actual servers are located in a secure location which can only be accessed by authorised personnel.
5. Sale of Business
In the event that this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers' advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business so that they can continue to provide the service that we currently provide. We will require the purchaser to follow the practices disclosed in this Privacy Policy or to give you at least three months notice of any proposed changes.
6. Updating Your Details
You can do so by logging into your account
7. Changes
If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page and we may also place notices on other pages of the website so that you can at any time check our current policy. If we make any changes that may significantly affect the way we deal with your information, we will also e-mail you to notify you of the proposed changes so that you may have your details removed from our records if you do not agree with the changes.
8. How to Contact BigBoppa
We welcome your views about our website and our Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact us with any queries or comments please contact us
Copyright 2020 BigBoppa Records
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy