http://www.decalmx.com/privacyPolicy.php?catID=780&source=mobileMenu
Bold
Brush
Cruiser
Graffiti
Impact
Inmate
Loud
Machine
Script
Shred
Style
Super
Tech
Typhoon
Viper
12
23
34
45
56
67
78
89
1011
1213
Home
HELP
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Security Policy
This privacy & security statement is intended for DeCalmx.com and does not include the
privacy practices for partnered sites. Any websites that are link to or from this website have
their own privacy policies. We encourage anyone linking to those partner websites read their
privacy statements as their practices may differ from ours.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact us:
By email at info@DeCalmx.com
By phone: (815)-784-4000
By text: (815)-784-4000
By mail: DeCal Works, attn: IT Department, 2021 Johnson Court, Kingston, IL 60145
Privacy and Security
Our goal here at DeCalmx.Com is to make you feel completely comfortable shopping here. We
recognize that certain personal information needs to be collected to complete orders and to
provide a more personalized experience. With that in mind, we take the privacy and
confidentiality of this information very seriously. Please read on for more details about our
Privacy Policy and rest assured that we have taken numerous precautions to guard your privacy
and security while visiting us here at DeCalmx.Com
SMS Texting Terms and Conditions
DeCal Works offers a texting person-to-person communication service that is used to build and
enhance our customer relationships on a personal, individual level. You may text 815-784-4000 anytime
for questions you may have.
DeCal Works does not have a separate charge for this service; however, message and data rates may apply
from your mobile carrier. Subject to the terms and conditions of your mobile carrier, you may receive text
messages sent to your mobile phone.
By providing your consent to participate in this person-to-person communication service, you approve any such
charges from your mobile carrier. Charges for text messages may appear on your mobile phone bill or be deducted
from your prepaid balance. DeCal Works reserves the right to terminate this SMS service, in whole or in part,
at any time without notice. The information in any message may be subject to certain time lags and/or delays.
You are responsible for managing the types of SMS texts you receive. If you have any questions or need help,
text 815-784-4000 or call 815-784-4000.
To stop receiving text messages, text STOP to 815-784-4000. By initiating a person-to-person text,
you consent that following such a request to unsubscribe, you will receive one (1) final message from DeCal Works
confirming that you have been inactivated in our system. Following such confirmation message, no additional
text messages will be sent unless you re-activate your subscription.
Our Privacy and Security Policy Details:
What personal information does DeCalMX.Com collect?
When you visit DeCalmx.Com to place an order, request a catalog or specials or use one of
our website services, you may need to provide your name, billing and shipping addresses,
email address and credit card information.
How is the information being used?
The information we collect is used to provide the products and services that you have
requested or that we think you might have an interest in. It is also used to improve the
content of our Web site, to notify you of problems with your requests, or to update you about
changes to our Web site.
With whom do we share your information?
DeCalmx.Com does not rent or sell its email or mailing address lists, however there are
times that we must share some of your personal information with affiliate companies in order
to provide you with the goods and services you have requested (for example we may need to
share this information with the shipping companies to deliver your order to you). Any of these
companies with which we share the information are obligated to protect the information and to
protect the privacy of our customers under the same Privacy Statement that we use.
How do I update, or delete my personally identifiable information?
If you are a registered on our the Web site, you can manage much of your registration
information online. Some information is not stored or accessible online for you security. If
you are not registered online please contact us by phone (1-800-843-8244). Some information
can not be changed or deleted because of legal and record keeping requirements, however you
will always be able to opt-out of any marketing uses (catalogs, News, etc.) of the
information you have provided to us.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
A cookie is a simple text file that is stored on the user's hard drive by a Web site you've
visited. These cookies do not contain personally identifiable information, unless the data is
attached to information such as online registration. DeCalmx.Com uses these cookies to
observe our site visitor's navigation throughout the site. This helps us identify ways to
improve the shopping experience.
What security procedures are in place to protect my information?
All personal & credit card information is strongly encrypted and secured through the use of a
secure server. This secure server (SSL) communicates with your secure browser (Internet
Explorer, Netscape, FireFox etc,) and encrypts your personal information in a way that makes
it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse. Don't worry if your browser is
secure or not - if it is insecure, you will not be able to purchase on our online store.
After your purchase is completed, our security measures do not end. Access to your data by our
employees is limited to a "need to know" basis, controlled by password protected systems, and
monitored for abuse.
If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free order
by phone 1-800-843-8244.
What are the policies regarding Children?
In accordance with federal law, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable
information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or
guardian. If you are under age 13, you are welcome to browse our Web site. However you are not
permitted to use any of the features of our site that require the collection of any personally
identifiable information.
Will I be notified about changes to this privacy policy?
If we decide to make changes to or update our privacy and security policies, the changes will
be posted on this page.