http://www.naugi.com/customer_service/policies/
Naugi Wedding Tiaras, Bridal Combs, Veils, Hairpins and Jewelry for your wedding.
Blog
Order Status
Customer Service
My Account
Shopping Bag
0
Bridal Tiaras & Headpieces
Bridal Combs
Flowers & Feathers
Hairpins
Veils
Jewelry
For Your Bridal Party
Customer Service : Policies
Privacy Policy
When it comes to making your shopping experience one you can feel good about we are ever vigilant.
The following series of statements are a review of the privacy policies practiced at Naugi.com.
Our respect for the concerns you have about privacy is a priority in our quest to produce a safe
shopping atmosphere. These policies are intended to protect your privacy and insure that personal
information is handled, transferred, and reviewed in a safe and responsible manner. It is our hope
that you take a few moments to review our policies. Should you have any further concerns please
contact us at customersupport@naugi.com. We welcome your questions and concerns, and hope you
have a truly wonderful experience visiting our site.
Does Naugi share my personal information?
The information you provide us during your visit to our site including your
email address, home address and telephone number, credit card information, as well as any other personal information shall remain confidential.
It will be used strictly to process your order. Only a credit card processing company
used to bill users for goods and services will have any personal information. This company will not retain, share, store
or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Our use of cookies
If you have concerns about cookies and we would like to put your worries to rest. Cookies are stored by your web browser
so we can recognize you while you are visiting the site. Cookies enable you to place items in the shopping cart and continue
shopping while the first items you put in stay registered in the shopping bag. They do not alter your hard drive in any
way and can not access any personal information from your computer. We use cookies to save non-personal information, like
your shopping bag information. This information can only be accessed by the website that has given you the cookie, so no
other sites can read a cookie that has been given to you by Naugi.com.
Security Policy
Ensuring that your online shopping experience is safe and secure, we utilize the stringent standards set by the industry for data encryption.
Throughout our web site, wherever you have been asked to submit information, including your name, address, and credit card information, security
measures are implemented. Your sensitive information is encrypted using up to 256bit High Grade SSL (Secure Sockets Layer Technology) provided by
Verisign to making your information unable to be decoded by anyone other than us. This automatically happens when you submit the order, which can
only be successfully sent after encryption takes place, making the transfer of information safe and secure. Of coarse, you are always welcome to
complete your order by phone rather than online by entering only the last 5 digits of your card number in the Payment section of our checkout process.
Once you have selected this option, your order will be sent to us, but not processed until you call us with you credit card information.
We are here to serve you Monday through Friday 10am - 5pm EST , and can be reached at 1-888-79-NAUGI should you have any questions.
How to tell if your browser is secure
To check that your browser is in secure mode, check that a padlock icon is displayed in the lower left corner of your browser (for Mozilla Firefox), or
next to the URL bar in Internet Explorer. If the padlock is in the locked position then your connection is secure.
You can also check by looking at the URL bar on top of your browser. If the URL starts with https:// then a secure connection has been established
rather that http which indicates a connection is not secure.
Ordering Policy
We reserve the right to limit the total number of headpieces ordered per customer. As each headpiece is hand-made to order, it is not always feasible to fulfill
orders of 4 to 5 headpieces for a customer to choose from. We'll be glad to work with you to help find the perfect fit for your wedding. In most cases we'll
ship 2 headpieces (possibly more depending on the circumstances) for you to choose from. We can also send additional pictures of any
headpiece ( example: side view, in the hair, etc) to help you visualize if the headpiece will work for you.
We understand that each situation is different so please give us a call at 1-888-796-2844 if you have questions or concerns about placing an order for multiple headpieces.
Shipping & Delivery
Payment & Pricing
Returns & Refunds
Viewing & Changing Your Order
Our Guarantees
Policies
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Shop with Confidence
Hand-made To Order
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Security Policy
Easy Payment & Shipping
FREE Shipping on orders of $100 or more
Payment Options
Now Shipping To Canada!
Phone in your order
Customer Service
Viewing & Changing Your Order
Order Status
Forgot your password?
FAQs
Naugi's Blog
Shopping Tools
Join the Naugi Specials Newsletter
Naugi's Veil Assistant
Crystal Color Chart
Gift Finder
Browse by Price
10 Best Sellers
Shop for your wedding at the Naugi Online Store or call 1-888-79-NAUGI for help placing your order.
Catch up on the latest news with the Naugi Tiaras Blog.
Copyright © 2001-2020 Naugi.com All rights
reserved. Privacy | Security