http://www.manitobaharvest.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Delivery Time: 1 - 2 Weeks
Privacy policy
Fresh Hemp Foods Ltd. (DBA Manitoba Harvest Hemp Foods) is strongly committed to your right to privacy and to taking steps designed to secure your personal and financial information. We encourage you to read our policy to understand the types of personal information we collect and how this information is used.This Privacy Policy is a part of our Terms & Conditions. By using this site or our online store, you agree to be bound by and comply with this Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions.WHAT INFORMATION DO WE GATHER AND WHAT DO WE DO WITH IT?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address and order history. We also use cookies, web beacons or other tools that collect information that make it easier to use our store and our site.When you visit our site, some information is automatically collected. This may include information such as the Operating System (OS) running on your device, Internet Protocol (IP) address (which may be used to obtain your geolocation), access times, browser type, and language, and the website you visited before our site. We also collect information about how you use our site, including the elements you have interacted with, metadata and other details about these elements, change states and other user actions.Email marketing: By providing us with your email address, you are giving us permission to send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. You have the opportunity to unsubscribe from these emails at any time by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button included at the bottom of each email.How we use your information. In general, we use the information we collect primarily to provide, maintain, protect and improve our current site and products and to develop new products. We collect personal information necessary for your order for hemp foods or to respond to your requests for our products and to allow you to use the resources available on our website. Personal information includes, but is not limited to, name, physical address, email address, phone number, and any other information that itself identifies or, when tied to the above information, may identify you as a specific individual.Manitobaharvest.com allows site visitors to sign up to become a registered user. Signing up as a registered user is strictly voluntary. When you log into the site as a registered user, we are tracking what pages you view with the intent to tailor your future experience on the site.We may use any personal information to send you information and promotional materials on us. Your contact information may also be used if it becomes necessary to contact you.We use personal information collected through our site as described below and described elsewhere in this Policy to:• Facilitate the creation of and securing of your Account on our network;• Identify you as a user in our system;• Improve our products, site, and how we operate our business;• Understand and enhance your experience using our site and products;• Provide and deliver the products and services you request;• Respond to your comments or questions and for our Support team to provide service;• Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;• Communicate with you about promotions, upcoming events and news about products and services offered by Manitoba Harvest and our selected partners, and for other marketing purposes of Manitoba Harvest;• Link or combine your information with other information we get from third parties to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and• Protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized or illegal activity.We do not collect information related to your race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union memberships, genetic or biometric data, health or mortality, sex life or sexual orientation, unless we are required to do so by law.We do not use your personal information, demographic information or usage information to make automated decisions.CONSENTHow do you get my consent?By providing us with personal information to complete a transaction, placing an order, arranging for a delivery or returning a purchase you are consenting to our collecting and using your information.How do I withdraw my consent or modify my information?You may withdraw your consent for us to contact you or modify your information by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button included at the bottom of each email or contacting us at info@manitobaharvest.com or call toll-free 1-800-665-4367. You may review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your registered user profile page. You may also withdraw consent by mailing us at:Manitoba Harvest150 S. 5th Street, Suite 1500Minneapolis, MN 55402DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES?We do not sell or provide your information to any third party company.However, we may disclose your information if required to do so by law, court order, as requested by other government or law enforcement authorities, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including (without limitation) when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities.DATA RETENTIONWhen you place an order through this site, we will maintain your usage, personal and demographic information for our records unless or until you ask us to delete this information.ONLINE SURVEYSManitoba Harvest values the opinions and comments from all of our users, so we occasionally conduct on-line or e-mail surveys. Your participation in these surveys is entirely optional. Survey participants are anonymous unless otherwise stated in the survey.IP ADDRESSESWhen you connect to our website, we record your IP addresses and information on the type of operating system (e.g. Windows, iOS) and browser software (e.g. Microsoft Internet Explorer and Google Chrome) you are using. This helps us to diagnose problems with our servers and for system administration. Your IP address is also used to help gather which pages on our site you are viewing and aggregated demographic information.LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESPlease be aware that on our site we have links to other websites that may collect personal information about you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices or policies of such websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of all such sites, as their policies may be materially different from our policy.PAYMENT PROCESSINGOur store is built on an e-commerce software platform called Shopify that allows us to sell our products and services to you.Payment: If you provide us with your credit card information during the payment process, we send it to our PCI-DSS compliant payment gateway for processing using SSL encryption technology. Your credit card information is never stored for use beyond your current transaction.All direct payment gateways comply with the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and our payment processors and service providers.SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow generally accepted industry practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Your personal information is protected by your password – never share this password with anyone. Manitoba Harvest will never contact you to ask you for your password.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is transmitted to our server using secure socket layer technology (SSL) which employs the AES-256 encryption standard.AGE OF CONSENTBy using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you consent to any of your minor dependents using this site.UNITED STATES LAW APPLIESThis site is intended for users located in the United States of America. By sending us your Personal Information from outside the U.S., you consent to the application of U.S. law and to the use and disclosure of your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. It is up to you to determine whether accessing this site and purchasing our products are legal where you are. You access this site and purchase our products at your own risk, and you are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws, rules, regulations and treaties.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. Manitoba Harvest encourages visitors to check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you (other than that information automatically generated by your use of our site), register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our customer service team at info@manitobaharvest.com or by mail at:Manitoba Harvest150 S. 5th Street, Suite 1500Minneapolis, MN 55402
You're about to enter our US store…
To continue to your preferred store, please select the correct option below:
United States
Canada - English
Canada - Français