https://www.orchidtelecom.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy, references to “we” and “us” are to Orchid Telecom.
What information we collect and how
(1) Any personal details you type in and submit, such as name, address, email address, etc.
(2) Data which allows us to recognise you, your preferences and how you use this website.
This saves you from re-entering information when you return to the site. This data is collected by cookies from your navigation around the site. A cookie is a small amount of data which we send to your computer. The data is then stored on your browser or hard disk. Most web browsers can be set to prevent you from receiving new cookies, notify you before accepting cookies or disable cookies altogether. Details about this can normally be found in the Help facility provided with your browser. If you disable cookies, you will not be able to receive personalised facilities. The cookies store information only for as long as you are viewing the website.
(3) Your IP address (this is your computer’s individual identification number) which is automatically logged by our web server. This is used to note your interest in our website.
What we do with your information
Any personal information we collect from this website will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws. The details we collect will be used to process your order, to maintain guarantee records and to provide after-sales service (we may pass your details to another organisation to supply/deliver products or services you have purchased and/or to provide after-sales service).
We would also like to email or post you details of various promotions, goods and services that we can offer you through our website. (You may unsubscribe at a later date, if you wish, by replying to any e-mail with the word unsubscribe in the subject field).
Your rights
(1) You can ask us to update or remove your personal information by emailing info@hello-telecom.co.uk, or by writing to us at our customer services address in (2) below. However, please note that we may need to keep some personal data in order to process orders, to comply with customer service or after sale obligations.
(2) You also have the right to request a copy of any personal information we hold about you. To do this, simply write to us at the following address:
Other Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Shop Now open!
Orders Placed after 13:30 GMT will be shipped the following day.
Call 01572 717888 to ask about our VoIP service. Dismiss
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkPrivacy policy