http://www.ansursaddle.com/privacy
Ansür Saddlery Northwest, LLC Privacy Statement
As a visitor to our web site, we want you to know we value your privacy. These are the procedures we use to protect your privacy. On occasion a person will relate personal data to us via various email communications. We collect this information strictly to assist that individual in selecting the proper Ansür saddle.
We do not, and will not, share or sell the information we acquire from customers with any third parties. We have substantial computer "firewalls" and other security measures in place to preclude unauthorized entry to our online access lines. We will continue to update these precautions to further protect you and/or your computers from unauthorized access. We will not knowingly provide your information to any individuals or firms who may be in the business of soliciting you.
We use PayPal for credit card transactions. Credit card banks each have existing privacy policies which, while different from ours, are intended to maintain the privacy of the individual purchaser. Please refer to Visa, Master Card, American Express and Discover directly for their specific policy. These transactions are completely separated from our online web site or email transactions.
On occasion, we may conduct a contest of some sort. Information about our contests and selected winners are announced from our website. If you choose to participate, we use responses to select the winners and publish those results on our website. We will never publish such information without the express permission of the individual selected as the winner(s).
Please note that when you use a link to go from ansursaddle.com to another web site, our Privacy Policy does not travel with you to the new site. We encourage you to read the rules and policy of the other sites you visit to understand their specific procedures for use of your personal information. Our Privacy statement may be updated on occasion. Please reread this policy for updates we may have posted since your previous visit to our site. We take your privacy very seriously and intend to stay at the forefront of privacy policy and protection matters. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us via email at info@Ansürsaddle.com.
Congratulations... You have searched for so long, and now you have found The Ansür.
Ansur saddles built on FlexCore:
the comfort of a treeless saddle with all the rider support of a tree