http://www.apwagner.com/privacypolicy
Privacy Policy
ApplianceParts.com is committed to protecting the privacy and security of online users visiting our website. This policy is a disclosure of our information gathering and usage practices, as well as user security protocol. It is also a disclaimer of responsibility for third-party websites that may be linked through ApplianceParts.com.
What information do you collect and why?
When using ApplianceParts.com, we may collect your name, contact information (including email address), demographic information (including postal code and IP address), or other information relevant to your customer profile. We gather this information and store it temporarily in order to improve our website, products, and services; to offer customers special promotions; and to occasionally contact customers for market research. We will not sell, share, rent, or loan your personal information (including email address) to anyone. We will not send or allow others to send you unsolicited emails. This data may be collected through forms you're asked to fill out or through internet cookies.
About Cookies Cookies are a common feature of most websites. They're small files that ask permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive and collect fragments of data about your visit to ApplianceParts.com. You can choose to accept or decline cookies; most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modifyyour browser setting to decline cookies. However, this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies help us improve user experience on our website, but they are not linked to personally identifying information. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve the website for our customers.
To see all the cookies we use, please see this list.
What kinds of security measures do you have in place?
For your protection, all information provided to us during your visit to ApplianceParts.com will be transmitted using top-of-the-line encryption software. This guarantees that every transaction through ApplianceParts.com is protected and safe. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect online.
ApplianceParts.com uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Software to protect your credit card information. SSL software encrypts all order information including your name, address, and credit card number. For SSL security to work, you must use an SSL-enabled browser. If you prefer to order by phone, call our Customer Care Center at (800) 343-3499.
What about links to other websites?
ApplianceParts.com may contain links to relevant third-party websites. If you use these links to navigate away from ApplianceParts.com, note that we do not have control over other websites. Therefore, we are not responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide while visiting third-party sites; these websites are not governed by the ApplianceParts.com privacy statement. Please exercise caution by reviewing the privacy policies of third-party sites.
How can I control my personal information?
[WRITE-TO ADDRESS; OPT-OUT FEATURES]
Which cookies do you use?
The table below lists the cookies we use and the information they collect.
Cookie NameCookie Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency.
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer ID with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the customer segment ID.
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag that indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows you to edit your orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Kitchen
Range
Dishwasher
Trash Compactor
Freezer
Refrigerator
Microwave
Oven
Cooktop
Grill
Range Hood
Laundry
Dryer
Washer
Laundry Center
Total Home
Air Conditioner
Air Filter
Dehumidifier
Air Purifier
Additional Resources
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Track Your Order
Social Media
Ok
Ok
Dishwasher
Where is my Dishwasher Model Number?
Dishwasher
Microwave
Where is my Microwave Model Number?
Microwave Countertop
Range Vent Hood
Where is my Range Vent Hood Model Number?
Range Vent Hood
Range/Stove/Oven
Where is my Range/Stove/Oven Model Number?
Gas Free Standing
Refrigerator
Where is my Refrigerator Model Number?
Side by Side
Freezer on Top
Trash Compactor
Where is my Trash Compactor Model Number?
Trash Compactor
See Image
Where is my Refrigerator Model Number?
Side by Side
Freezer on Top
Handy Tip - Make it easy on yourself, use your smart phone to take a picture of the model number tag.
Track Order
Complete & Submit the form below to view the status of your order.
Order Number(*):
Shipping Zip Code(*):
Order Number or Shipping Zipcode Missing
Yes No
Yes No
California Prop 65
There are items in you cart that
have Proposition 65 warnings,
please review and approve before
continuing.
Return to cart
Proceed to checkout