http://www.sunnylife.com.au/pages/sunnylife-privacy-policy
ORDER BY SUNDAY FOR CHRiSTMAS DELiVERY
ORDER BY SUNDAY FOR CHRiSTMAS DELiVERY
Gifting
Pool
Beach
Home
Picnic
Kids
AU
US
UK
EU
Sign in | account
Back
New Arrivals
Best Sellers
Gift Guide
E-Gift Cards
Journal
Limited Stock
Sale | Up to 70% off
Back
All Floats & Inflatables
Pool Floats
Kids Floats
Pool Toys & Games
Poolside
Back
All Beach
Bags
Beach Accessories
Beach Games
Beach Towels & Pillows
Umbrellas & Seats
Back
All Home
Active
Candles & Fragrances
Cocktail
Decor & Festive
Food & Drinkware
Lighting
Puzzles & Games
Travel
Back
All Picnic
Coolers & Bags
Outdoor Games
Picnic Baskets & Sets
Picnic Blankets & Seats
Back
All Kids
Accessories
Beach
Floats & Swimming
Home
School
Toys & Games
Travel
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy - Sunnylife Group Pty Ltd
This is a Privacy Policy of Sunnylife Group Pty Ltd (ABN 15 093 345 496), (“Sunnylife”,“Us”, “We”).
Your privacy is important to us
Protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information is important to us. Your rights to privacy are protected by the law, and this policy does not limit those rights. This Privacy Policy explains why we collect personal information and how we collect, use, disclose, store and protect your personal information.
We comply with the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”) which regulate how we use, disclose, store and protect your information.
Collecting Personal Information
What personal information do we collect?
The personal information we collect is most likely supplied by you when you purchase from us in one of our retail stores or place an order and register your details on our website to receive direct marketing materials or provide feedback to us.
The personal information collected will likely include:
Full Name
Contact Details including phone number, email address and delivery address
Date of birth
Transaction information (your credit or debit card details)
Other information
At times, we may also collect information from you that does not identify you personally. This information is normally retained with your personal information, including:
Customer shopping preferences, including shopping history, attributes of products and services which we have provided to you or may provide you in the future.
Marketing preferences, marketing materials which you wish to receive and the method of its delivery (EDM , SMS or other).
Why do we collect your personal information?
Any personal information provided to Us will only be used for the purpose which it was initially provided:
To complete transactions and administer our relationship with you as a customer, this includes refunds.
To communicate and notify you of new products, offers and competitions that may be of interest of you.
To investigate and respond to your questions, comments or feedback related to our services and products.
To comply with laws and regulations, or to comply with any directions given by regulators or authorities.
Compile our customer database to enable us to market to you more accurately.
Help us gain a clearer understanding of what your likes and dislikes are, how to improve our marketing, our digital platforms and the overall services in which we provide.
What if you don’t want to provide Us with your information?
We will ask you to provide your personal information, if you do not wish to provide this information, We will not be able to provide you with the requested products or services. We will only record your email address if you provide them to us. We will only use your email to send you information in which you have requested or signed up to receive. By providing Us with your email address you will have provided consent to send direct marketing materials. If you do not wish to consent or receive direct marketing from us, you can unsubscribe at any time to receive any communication from us.
Will We share your details?
Receiving information from and about our customers is an important part of Us. We will not share/sell this to others.
We may disclose personal information to other subsidiary companies within Our group but only to be used for the same purposes you agreed to when signing up.
Updating or correcting your personal information
If you need to update or amend your personal information, please contact us with your requests. We may ask for verification of your identity to ensure that all personal information held by Us is not improperly accessed.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy please contact us and we will endeavour to respond to your request as quickly as possible.
Sunnylife Group Pty LtdABN 15 093 345 496B1, 85 Dunning Avenue, Rosebery NSW 2018 AustraliaPhone: 1300 760 186Fax: 1300 760 143Email: hello@sunnylife.com.au
Outdated browser
Whoa! that's some really old software you're using
Your browser isn't capable of running all of this fun in the sun!
Not to worry, just update to one of the newer browsers below and you'll be straight back in the sun again.