http://www.surplusrecords.com/privacy_policy.html
Privacy Policy
Surplus Record
Welcome to the SURPLUS RECORD web site. Here is our
statement regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable
information.
Personal Information We Collect.
Seller Contact Names: We collect name, email address and
business address and other contact information from suppliers wishing to list
items in our directory service or list their services in our service provider
lists.
Email to a Friend Feature: Visitors to our web site may
email information to a friend. To do this they enter the person's email
address and their own email address. We keep these email addresses
confidential prior to destroying them and do not add these email addresses to
our promotion lists.
Automatic Data: Our servers automatically collect certain
non-personally identifying information, such as your computer's IP address, the
type of browser in use, and pages viewed, when you visit our Sites. We use this
information to understand how visitors navigate through our Sites, to enhance
your experience while using our Sites, and to make the materials we post as
valuable to visitors as possible. We do not link this information to personally
identifiable information.
How We Use Personal Information. We publish the contact
information for advertisers that are in the SURPLUS RECORD publication in
our online and print directories along with machinery and equipment for sale.
We also add or update contact information to our circulation list we use for mailing
our monthly SURPLUS RECORD directory.
With Whom We Share Information. We make contact
information for advertisers that are in SURPLUS RECORD publication available
publicly from our web site and we publish it in our printed directories. We do
not sell or share collated lists of contact information to other entities. We
reserve the rights (1) to transfer our collections of personal information in
the case of merger or acquisition and (2) to disclose contact information we've
collected upon request of legal authorities or for any regulatory compliance
purposes.
How You Can Access Your Information. To update or
remove your listed item and/or change your contact information on our web site,
or to remove your name from our marketing list, please
email: surplus@surplusrecord.com
To Opt Out of Receiving Emails From Us. Each email
we send provides opt-out information in the footer. We use a third party
company to help us manage opt-out requests and ensure that we are complying
with applicable regulations. If you have sent an opt-out request that has not
been honored, please contact privacy@surplusrecord.com.
How We Protect Your Information. Once an item has
been removed from our directory, your contact information will no longer be
available from our web site. We use industry standard security measures to
prevent intruders from accessing our servers.
Our Mission Statement. To provide machinery & equipment dealers with
end-user inquiries, while providing industrial end-users with the confidence
and trust of buying machinery from a Surplus Record advertiser. Since 1924,
Surplus Record has provided industry with a sourcing resource that has
integrity and accuracy. Surplus Record is not affiliated directly or
indirectly in any manner of means with any association, corporation or
individual buying and/or selling machinery and equipment.
Changes to This Policy. We will update this policy
if we seek to make changes in our data handling practices. Please review this
site occasionally to look for updates.
Contact Us:
To make changes to how your information is used please call
312-372-9077 and ask for Thomas Scanlan, Publisher or submit a request to
email: surplus@surplusrecord.com.
To lodge a complaint regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at
privacy@surplusrecord.com
or send a letter to
Privacy and Security Manager,
Surplus Record
20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2400
Chicago, IL 60606
V.1.4 December 22, 2015
Surplus Record All Rights Reserved.
https://surplusrecord.com
Tel: 312-372-9077
Customer Service
Mobile Apps
Advertise