http://www.puppet.com/legal/cookie-policy/
Puppet ForgeDocumentationGet SupportPuppet CompassPartnersContact Saleshomelegalcookie policyPuppet Cookie PolicyPuppet Privacy Policy cont’d:
More Details – Cookies and related technologies
We use cookies and similar technologies for the following reasons:
Strictly necessary site operation purposes enable you to navigate round the website, manage your login session so you can move easily from one page to another within the site, and so your page requests are loaded in smooth and secure manner. These cookies are also essential for you to access secure areas of the website; for example, to use shopping baskets or make payments and to measure load times and performance of the website.
Google Tag Manager: We use Google Tag Manager. This service allows website tags to be managed via an interface. Tags are small elements of code that are used, for example, to measure traffic and visitor behavior, to understand the effect of online advertising and social channels, to set up remarketing and orientation towards target groups, and to test and optimize websites. Google Tag Manager only implements tags. This means that no cookies are used and, as a result, no personal data is recorded.  We list it here for completeness and to be transparent about the tools we use. If deactivation has been performed at a domain or cookie level, this remains in place for all tracking tags if these are implemented with Google Tag Manager.
Functionality
Storing your preferences and selections.
Customizing elements of the layout and/or content of the site pages for you.
Targeted advertising/retargeting
We work with partners to manage our advertising on other sites. This may involve gathering information about the pages through our advertising partners on the website that you visit, and information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a “market segment”.  This information is then used to place our advertisements based on your browsing activities and interests on other sites you visit. For more information about this type of behavioral advertising and about how to turn this feature off, please visit www.networkadvertising.org or for our EU users, http://www.youronlinechoices.eu. Without these cookies, advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and to your interests.
Targeting/Advertising cookies: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited, and the links you have followed. We will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make our site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
We may also work with advertising networks that gather information about the content on the site you visit and on information on other websites and services you visit. This may result in you seeing advertisements on our site or our advertisements when you visit other websites and services of third parties. For more information about how to turn this feature off, see below or visit www.networkadvertising.org, or for our EU users http://www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Social media and digital advertising partners – cookies and widgets
We use social media platforms to advertise to you online and to monitor the success of our advertising (for instance by receiving reports when you click on our ads on Facebook, LinkedIn, and others). We summarise the main cookies and other technology used to make the site work together with social media below:
LinkedIn Ads: The analysis and conversion tracking technology provided by the social network LinkedIn is integrated into the site. When you visit the site, a connection is established between your browser and the LinkedIn server via the remarketing tags. This informs LinkedIn that you visited our website with your IP address, meaning that LinkedIn can connect your visit to our site with your user account. We can use this information to display LinkedIn ads. Please be aware that we as the website provider do not receive any information about the content of the transferred data or how it is used by LinkedIn. Further information can be found in LinkedIn’s privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
Marketo: We use third-party marketing software from a company called Marketo to send our emails. We use cookies as part of tracking so we have information on email open rates and click through rates. We also track activity on the site. For example, visitors can download marketing white papers from the site, and we use Marketo cookies to see who does this and if they then visit other parts of our site. For more information on Marketo’s privacy and cookie policy, please visit Marketo privacy policy: http://www.marketo.com/trust/legal/privacy
DoubleClick: Google’s Doubleclick re-targeting cookie lets us serve personalized adverts to you when you’re browsing other websites and social media platforms. You can control advert personalization on Google and partner websites here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?hl=en-GB&gl=uk.
Google Ad Words: Google Ad Words serves cookies or pixel tags/java script tags, which are designed to collect your IP address together with other usage related information (such as the products you visited, date and time of your visit) in order to analyze your interests and searches when visiting our website and to serve you advertisements tailored to your interests and searches when you are visiting our website or other websites. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en.
Facebook Custom Audience: This service from Facebook enables us to display personalized ads to people on our email lists when they visit Facebook. We provide personal information such as your email address and phone number in encrypted form to Facebook (so they cannot be seen by anyone at Facebook) to enable Facebook to determine if you are a registered account holder with Facebook.
Twitter Advertising: Twitter advertising and remarketing: We advertise on Twitter and our advertising content will be tailored to your interests on the basis of your browsing behaviour and the pages you have consulted on this and other websites. In order to improve the relevance of our marketing content, the cookie may therefore transmit such data to Twitter, who will use it to understand your interests better including to benefit their other advertising customers. If you decide that you do not wish your browsing data to be collected, you can find comprehensive information on Twitter’s advertising policy and the steps you can take to protect your privacy at: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170514
We also use Facebook Connect to allow you to sign up and log in using your Facebook account. If you sign up using Facebook Connect, Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with us. This may include your first name, last name, and email address in order for us to verify your identity and gender, general location, a link to your Facebook profile, your timezone, birthday, profile picture, your “likes,” and your list of friends. This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook’s privacy policy which you can find here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. You can control the information that we receive from Facebook using the privacy settings in your Facebook account.
Disabling cookies
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings > Advanced
Under “Privacy and security,” click “Content settings”
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on “Remove all Website Data”
For Mozilla Firefox:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
Click on the icon “privacy”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further:
Choose the menu “Files” > “Preferences”
Privacy
Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the site.
Puppet sites use proprietary and third-party cookies. By using our sites, you agree to our cookie policy.Agree