https://www.rocousa.com/privacy.asp
Micro Macro Mundo Hobby Store
(305) 279-8033 in U.S.A. 1(888) 987-2467
0 Product(s) in cart |
Total $0.00 |
Shopping cart
Home
Model Trains
Radio Control
Plastic Models
Figures
Paints
Bandai
Wood Ships
Site
Type here your search
Celebrating our
Clearance Big Sale
Clearance Items HERE
Discounted Product here
Discontinued items here
Our Manufacturers (BRANDS)
Please Select...AMT Models
Aquacraft
Artesania Latina
Bachmann
Bandai
Brawa
Brekina
Busch
Carrera
Classic Metal Works
Constructo
Cornerstone
Diecast Master
DuraTrax
E-Flite
Estes Rockets
Faller
Fleischmann
Forces of Valor
Futaba
Great Planes
HAG Leftovers
Hasegawa
Helimax
Hitec
HPI Racing
Imex
Italeri Models
Kato
Kibri
Kyosho
LGB
Mabar
Marklin
Merit International
Merten Figures
MiniCraft
MiniTrix
Model Power
Model Shipways
Noch
O.S. Engines
Other Brands
Pola
Preiser Figures
Proline
Revell
Roco
Schuco
SCX Slot Cars
Sona Enterprises
Tamiya
Testors
ThunderTiger
Traxxas
Trix
TrucksNstuff
Trumpeter
Venom
Viessmann
Vollmer
Walkera
Walthers Proto2000
Woodland Scenics
Links in this color are Brands being discontinued
Model Railroad Main Brands
New Items 2019
Marklin Trains
Trix Trains
MiniTrix Trains
Bachmann Trains
Kato Trains
Walthers Trains
Proto-2000
LGB Trains
ROCO Trains
Fleischmann Trains (N Gauge)
Brawa Trains & Accessories
HAG Leftovers
Our Products
2020 New Items
2019 New Items
2018 New Items
Clearance Sale
Model Trains
» HO Gauge 1:87 Scale
» » HO Starter Sets
» » My World
» » HO Steam Locomotives
» » HO Diesel Locomotives
» » HO Electric Locomotives
» » HO Railway or Tramway vehicles
» » HO Locomotive Sets
» » HO Train Sets Passengers
» » HO Train Sets Freight
» » HO Passenger Cars
» » HO Passenger Car Sets
» » HO Freight Cars
» » HO Freight Car Sets
» » HO Track
» » HO Catenary
» » HO Train Signals and Crossings
» » HO Street Lights and Electronics
» » HO Vehicles, Boats, Tractors, Cranes
» » HO Agricultural Vehicles
» » HO Construction Vehicles
» » HO Trucks
» » HO Firefighting vehicles
» » HO Heavy Vehicles
» » HO Vehicles in General
» » HO Trains Lighting Kits
» » HO THW Trucks
» » HO Accessories for Layouts & Trains
» N Gauge 1:160 Scale
» » N Starter Sets
» » N Steam Locomotives
» » N Diesel Locomotives
» » N Electric Locomotives
» » N Railcars & High speed Trains
» » N Train Sets
» » N Passenger Cars
» » N Passenger Car Sets
» » N Freight Cars
» » N Freight Car Sets
» » N Track
» » N Train Signals and Crossings
» » N Catenary
» » N Train Accessories
» » N Train Street Lights, Electronics
» » N Train Lights & Lighting Kits
» » N Cable Cars & Funiculars
» » N Vehicles, Tractors
» » N Figures with movement
» Z Gauge 1:220 Scale
» » Z Starter Sets
» » Z Train sets Locomotive & cars
» » Z Steam Locomotives
» » Z Diesel Locomotives
» » Z Electric Locomotives
» » Z Passenger Cars
» » Z Freight Cars
» » Z Track
» » Z Signals and Crossings
» » Z Accessories
» » Z Street Lights, Electronics & Acc.
» 1 Gauge 1:32 Scale
» » 1 Starter Sets
» » 1 Passenger Cars
» » 1 Freight Cars
» » 1 Track
» » 1 Accessories
» » 1 Steam
» » 1 Diesel
» » 1 Electric
» G Gauge 1:23.5 Scale
» » G Locomotives
» » G Rolling Stock
» » G Accessories
» » G Track
» » G Buildings
» » G Street Lights, Electronics & Acc.
» » G Railway Stations & Accessories
» Marklin Insider
» Trix MiniTrix Insider
» Digital Components Model Trains
» Model Accessories for dioramas
» Accessories for Trains
» Train Spare Parts
Collectables
Buildings Trees signals accessories and more
» HO Railway Stations Bldg
» HO Goods sheds Water Towers acc
» HO Sheeds, Engine houses, heat plants Bldg
» HO Signal towers, railway lodges, acc
» HO Platforms & Crossings Bldg
» HO Bridges, Slip roads exits
» HO Trains Bridges Ramps Pillars
» HO Arcades Tunnels decorative plates
» HO Business Bldg
» HO Industry Bldg
» HO Public services Bldg
» HO Trade Bldg
» HO Farm, barnyard Bldg
» HO Churches, chapels Bldg
» HO Castles, towers Bldg
» HO Town & City, town houses Bldg
» HO Village, residential houses Bldg
» HO Regional models Bldg
» HO Camping, free time Bldg
» HO Fences, plastic street film
» HO Zoo Bldg
» HO Ready made models
» HO Trees, bushes, fences
» HO Romantic Series Bldg
» HO Street USA
» HO The Fair, Amusement Park
» N Railway Stations Bldg
» N Goods sheds, loading Bldg
» N Engine houses, heat plants Bldg
» N Signal towers, railway lodges Bldg
» N Platforms & Crossings Bldg
» N Bridges, Slip roads exits, Bldg
» N Arcades Tunnels decorative plates
» N Business Bldg
» N Industry Bldg
» N Public services Bldg
» N Trade Bldg
» N Farm, barnyard Bldg
» N Churches, chapels Bldg
» N Castles, towers Bldg
» N Town & City, town houses
» N Village, residential houses Bldg
» N Regional models Bldg
» N Camping, free time Bldg
» N Fences, plastic street film
» N Ready made models
» N Trees, bushes, fences
» N The Fair, Amusement Park
» N Bldg Accessories, decorations
» Z Gauge Buildings
& Structures
» Electronics, Acces. & Lighting for Bldg
» N Gauge Buildings
Accessories, Scenery, decorations Bldg
Model Figures
» HO Scale Figures
» » HO Trains Miniature Figures
» » HO Exclusive Hand painted Figures
» » HO Historical & Civil War Model Figures
» » HO Super Sets Model Figures
» » HO German Armed Forces Model Figures
» » HO Standard series Model Figures
» » HO Kits made of plastic Unpainted Models
» » HO military Figures 1:87
» » HO Realistic accessories Model Figures
» » HO Farming implements Models
» » HO Circus Model Figures
» » HO Pageant Model Figures
» » HO fun fair Model Figures
» » HO Cycling race Model Figures
» » HO Model Figures with movement
» » HO Exclusive Individual figures
» » HO Model Carriages
» » HO Model vehicle & accessories
» » HO Model vehicles with figures
» » HO Carnaval
» N Scale Model Figures
» » N Military 1:72 unpainted Model Figures
» » N Exclusive Hand painted Models
» » N Kits made of plastic Unpainted
» Z Scale Model Figures
» Model Figures 1 Scale
» G Scale Model Figures
» TT 1:120 Model Figures
» 1:25 Model Figures
» 1:24 Model Figures
» G Miniature Model Figures
Faller Car System
» Faller HO Car System
» Faller N Car System
Schuco Models
» Schuco Car Models 1:87
» Schuco Car Models 1:12
» Schuco Car Models 1:18
» Schuco Car models 1:43
» Schuco Car Models 1:64
» Schuco Utility Vehicles 1:87
» Schuco Utility Vehicles 1:32
» Schuco Utility Vehicles 1:43
» Schuco Service Vehicles 1:87
» Schuco Service Vehicles 1:43
» Schuco Service Vehicles 1:64
» Schuco Box Van models 1:87
» Schuco Box Vans Models 1:18
» Schuco Box Vans Models 1:43
» Schuco Box Vans Models 1:64
» Schuco Omnibus 1:87
» Schuco Omnibus 1:18
» Schuco Ommnibus 1:43
» Schuco Agricultural 1:87
» Schuco Agricultural 1:18
» Schuco Agricultural 1:32
» Schuco Agricultural 1:43
» Schuco Agricultural 1:64
» Schuco Helicopters 1:87
» Schuco Military 1:87
» Schuco Military 1:72
» Schuco Airplanes 1:600
» Schuco Motorcycle 1:43
» Schuco Cars 1:90
» Schuco Tin Models
» Schuco My First Schuco
» Schuco MHI Models all scales
Plastic Model Kits
» Ship Plastic Kits
» » Civilian Ships Plastic Kits
» » Military Ships Plastic Kits
» » Tall Ships Plastic Kits
» » 1:700 Scale Waterline Plastic kit
» Airplane Plastic Kits
» » 1:32 Scale Airplane Plastic kits
» » 1:48 Scale Airplane Plastic kits
» » 1:72 Scale Airplane kits
» » Other Scale AirplanePlastic kits
» » Pre 1950 Airplanes Plastic Kits
» » Post 1950 Airplanes Plastic Kits
» » Helicopters Plastic kits
» Gundam Robots Plastic Kits
» Cars Truck Cranes and others KITS
» » 1:12 & 1:16 Scale Sports Car Kit
» » 1:20 Scale Grand Prix Plastic Kit
» » 1:24 & 1:25 Scale Model Car kit
» » 1:32 Plastic Model Kits Cars, Trucks, Busses and more
» » Other Scale Cars & Trucks Plastic Kits
» » HO Cranes
» Tanks & Military Plastic Kits
» » 1:16 Tanks & Military Plastic Kits
» » 1:35 Tanks & Military Plastic Kits
» » 1:48 Tanks & Military Plastic Kits
» » Other ScalesTanks & Military Kits
» Other Plastic Kits
» Motorcycles Plastic Kits
» Finished Plastic Models
» Star Wars
Radio Control Products
» RC Land, Air & Water
» » On Road Electric RC RTR
» » On Road Electric RC Kit
» » Off Road Electric RC RTR
» » Off Road Electric RC Kit
» » RC Tractor Trucks 1:14 Scale
» » RC Helicopter Electric Powered
» » RC Tanks Electric 1:16 Scale kit
» » RC Tanks Electric 1:24 Scale
» » RC Tanks Electric 1:35 Scale kit
» » RC Tanks Electric Other Scales
» » Mini-Z RC Cars
» » Mini-Z Auto Scale Bodies
» » RC Boats Electric Powered
» » RC Sailing Yachts
» » 1:10 2WD BUGGY
» » 1:8 4WD BUGGY
» » RC 1:12 Scale Truck
» RC Parts
» » RC Parts Spare & hop-ups
» » RC Motors & parts
» » RC Tires & wheels
» » Bodies painted & unpainted RC
» » RC Parts & hop-ups
» » Decals and Stickers
» » RC Track
» RC Radios & Accessories
Drones
GeniuSeries Educational Kits
Paint, Brushes & Finishes
Wood Models, wood & acc.
» Wood Model Kits
» Accessories for wood kits
» Balsa & Other Woods
Die Cast
» 1:32 Tanks & Military Diecast
» 1:72 Scale Airplane Diecast
» 1:87 Vehicles Diecast
» Diecast Metal Model
Rockets
» Rocket kits
» Accessories for Rockets
» Rockets RTF
» Rocket Engines
» Rocket Launch Sets
» Rocket Engine Sets
Slot Cars
» 1:32 Slot Car
» Slot Car Track
» Slot Car Accessories
» Digital 132
Acc., Tools, Miscellaneous
Display Goods
Catalogs
Batteries & Chargers
Info and changes on account
Caterpillar by Diecast Masters
» Cat High Line Series 1:50
» Cat High Line HO Series 1:87
» Cat Commemorative Series 1:50
» Cat Core Classics 1:50
» Cat Core Classics 1:12
» Cat Core Classics 1:25
» Cat Elite 1:125
» Cat High Line Series 1:50
» Cat High Line Series 1:125
» Cat RC series 1:20
» Cat Play and Collect Series 1:64
» Cat High Line Series 1:32
Figures, Structures & Buildings
Preiser Figures& Accessories
Merten Figures
Faller Buildings & Accessories
Faller Car System
Vollmer Buildings
& Accessories
Kibri Buildings & Accessories
Cornerstone Buildings & Accessories
Woodland Scenics
& Buildings & Accessories
Pola G Scale buildings
Accessories, Scenery, Signals
Electronics, Catenary,
eMotion
Viessmann Signals, Catenary, accessories, eMotion & more
Faller scenery, trees, building materials, etc.
Faller lighting, electronics, etc
Woodland Scenics Accessories
HO Vehicles, Buses, Cranes
Brekina HO
Buses & Cars
Trucks N' Stuff (HO Gauge)
Classic Metal Works
Busch
Brekina
Schuco
Kibri Cranes
Kibri Construction Trucks
Fire fighting Trucks
Heavy Vehicles
Vehicles in General
Preiser Farming
Preiser Carriages
Preiser Vehicles
Preiser Vehicles w/ figures
Woodland Scenics w/ figures
Radio Control Main Brands
Kyosho RC & Spare parts
Tamiya RC Trucks and more
Aquacraft
E-Flite spare parts
Helimax spape parts
Walkera Drones
Futaba
Drones and quadcopters
Walkera Drones
See all our Drones left
Plastic Model Kits
Tamiya Plastic Kits.
Hasegawa Plastic kits
Trumpeter Model kits
Revell of Germany Model kits
Revell Monogram Model kits
Italery Plastic Kits
Bandai-Gundam Kits
Paint, accessories for painting
Tamiya Paints
Testors Paints
Wooden models ships & kits
Artesania Latina
Constructo
Model Shipways
Slot Cars
Carrera (LEFTOVERS. Discontinued by MMM)
SCX (Scalectric bankrupt)
Die Cast Products
Forces of Valor
Trucks N' Stuff
Classic Metal Works
Rockets and accessories
Estes Rockets
Last update 02.15.19 1:44 PM
Links
Home
To Micro Macro Mundo
Read News & subscribe
2015 new Items
2014 new Items
Site map
The New Store
Testimonials
Conditions of Sale
Privacy Policy.
Postal Rates
To reach us
Repair rates
Layout pictures
Super DC-8 destroyed
Store in airplane crash
Credit Card Fraud
Links.
Click on logos to get Brand pages.
NEWS RSS FEEDS
Latest news:
You can now navigate by Brands or by Categories at your
will, with a powerful search engine that will take you to the minimum detail you
might need.
We are constantly improving the information we
have on each item, with pictures and movies available, so take a tour at
our new shopping cart and enjoy the World of information and lower prices you
can't find anywhere else in the Internet.
rocousa.com is the largest web site in the Industry by far.
A referral for Micro Macro Mundo Inc.
7564 S.W. 117th. Ave.
Miami Florida 33183
U.S.A.
PH: 305-279-8033
FX: 305-279-0195
Store Hours:
Monday to Friday:Nov 06 to Mar 12
10 am to 6 PM
Mar 13 to Nov 07
11 am to 7 PM (DST)
Saturdays: 10 am to 3 PM all year long
Sunday Closed
Over 62
million hits and counting.
Like us on Facebook
Micro Macro Mundo Inc. & (www.rocousa.com) Privacy Policy
Last updated: May 2018
Your privacy is important to us. This privacy policy explains what personal
data Micro Macro Mundo Inc collects from you, through our interactions with
you, and how we use that data. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. offers a wide range of
websites to assist customers across the globe. Please read the site-specific
details in this privacy statement, which provide additional details about some
of Micro Macro Mundo Inc.'s websites.
You can freely access much of our websites without providing any personal
information. But certain functions of our website, for example purchasing
products, entering contests, filling out surveys, and receiving newsletters,
emails, or other promotional information from us, require that you submit some
personal information. We do not collect any personal information without
providing adequate notice and choice.
1. Your Rights Concerning Personally Identifiable Information
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its
origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You
also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You
can contact us at any time at webmaster@rocousa.com if you have further questions about privacy and data protection.
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent.
You may revoke consent for these data processing operations at any time to stop
future processing. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The
data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed
depending on the nature of the data and Micro Macro Mundo Inc.'s legal
requirements or legitimate interest in such data.
You have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in
fulfillment of a contract delivered to yourself or to a third party in a
standard, machine-readable format. If you require direct transfer of data to
another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically
feasible. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. may require reasonable actions of the
requester, such as the use of confirmation codes, prior to delivery, to protect
users’ personal information from potential malicious third parties.
If there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person
affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. The
competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection in the
European Union is the data protection officer of the German state in which our
subsidiary, Micro Macro Mundo Inc, is headquartered.
2. Notice Concerning the Data Protection Officers and Party Responsible for
Micro Macro Mundo Inc. Websites
The party responsible for processing data on our US-based websites is:
7564 SW 117th. Ave
Miami FL 33183
Email: webmaster@rocousa.com
3. Types of Data We Collect
Our goal is to provide you with the best and most efficient service as
possible so you can get back to your hobbies. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. collects
data to help us provide this service. We use the data that we collect about you
to fulfill your product and service purchases and to create a personalized
online experience. In order to better provide you with these products and
services, our websites collect two types of information about users: Personally
Identifiable and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Non-Personal Data We Collect
We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on our
site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both an
individual and aggregated basis. For example, this information may include the
Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you came from, the
URL you go to next, the browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol
("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other
resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer
or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol
("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the Web
use TCP/IP to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In
other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your
computer whenever you are surfing the web and allows web servers to locate and
identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses for users to communicate
on the Internet, browse, and shop.
Personal Data We Collect
Personal information is requested when you order a product, register for a
Wish List, enter contests or sweepstakes, fill out surveys, send us feedback,
and send us mailings. For example, this information might include but is not
limited to your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number,
email address, credit card or other payment information, and product details.
With this information, our online catalog can fill your orders and better
provide you with personalized services.
Most personal information collected by Micro Macro Mundo Inc. is necessary
for completion of purchase orders. Other personal data is collected with your
consent. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. works to provide users with as much relevant
information as possible prior to collecting any personal data.
4. How We Collect Data
Cookies
Some of our web pages include cookies. You can configure your browser to
selectively or always reject cookies. But disabling or rejecting cookies may
limit the functionality of this website. Cookies, which are necessary to allow
electronic communications or to provide certain functions you use, are stored
pursuant to GDPR Art. 6(1)(f), which allows the processing for a legitimate
interest. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. has a legitimate interest in the storage of
cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors.
Cookies stored for other purposes, such as customizing your online experience,
are treated separately in this privacy policy.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by
your browser. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses.
Most of the cookies we use are session cookies that are automatically deleted
after your visit. Other cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when
you next visit the site.
You can configure your browser or browser plug-ins to inform you about the
use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept
or reject a cookie. Also, your browser can be configured to automatically
accept cookies under certain conditions, to always reject them, or to
automatically delete cookies when closing your browser.
Web Beacons
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. web pages include web beacons. Web beacons are
small, graphic images on web pages or web-based documents or in email messages.
We use web beacons to personalize your experience on some Micro Macro Mundo
Inc. websites, determine the usefulness of information our services provide,
and to analyze general user traffic patterns. Information about specific uses
of web beacons on Micro Macro Mundo Inc. web pages can be found under the
Analytics and Advertising section of this privacy policy.
Server Log Files
The website provider automatically collects and stores information that your
browser automatically transmits to us in server log files. These include the
type and version of your browser, operating system used, referrer URL, host
name of the accessing computer, time of the server request, and IP address.
These data are not combined with data from other sources. The basis for data
processing is GDPR Art. 6(1)(b), which allows the processing of data to fulfill
a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
Contact Forms
Should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data
entered on the form, including the contact details you provide to answer your
question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without
your permission. Therefore, we will process data you enter onto the contact
form only with your consent under GDPR Art. 6(1)(a). You may revoke your
consent at any time by sending an informal email request to webmaster@rocousa.com.
We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its
deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose of its storage
ceases to exist. Mandatory provisions, especially mandatory data retention
periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
Registration on Micro Macro Mundo Inc. Websites
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites allow you to register with the website
to access additional functions offered here. The input data will only be used
for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you
registered. We will process the data provided during registration based on your
consent under GDPR Art. 6(1)(a). You may revoke your consent at any time by
sending an informal email request to webmaster@rocousa.com.
We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as
you remain registered on our website. Mandatory provisions, especially
mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in
full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration. If the registration form is
rejected, we do not collect the information in the registration form fields. To
inform you about important changes, such as those within the scope of our site
or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during
registration. You may unsubscribe from these emails using the link provided in
the email.
Leaving Comments on Micro Macro Mundo Inc. Websites
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites allow you to leave comments or reviews.
If you use the comment or review function on the sites, the time at which you
created the comment and your email address will be stored along with your
comment, as well as your username. Our comment or review function may store the
IP address of those users who posted. We need this information to be able to
pursue actions for illegal or slanderous content. The comments and reviews are
stored based on your consent under GDPR Art. 6(1)(a). You may revoke your
consent at any time by sending an informal email request to webmaster@rocousa.com.
Mandatory provisions, especially mandatory data retention periods or
obligations to maintain records
On some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites, you may be able to
sign up to receive the comment feed after registering or commenting. Your email
address may be checked with a confirmation email. You can unsubscribe from this
function at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the emails. The data
provided by subscribing to the comments feed will be deleted. But if you have
submitted comments or provided the data to us for another purpose or elsewhere,
those comments or data will not be deleted. You may request deletion of this
data by sending an informal email request to webmaster@rocousa.com.
Plugins
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites have social media or other types of plugins
to improve our customers online experience. Social media plugins allow users to
engage with their social media pages. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. pages may include
plugins to Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Instagram, LinkedIn, YouTube or Google
Maps. When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
social media company's server is established. This allows the social media
company to process the users' engagement with their social media plug-in. To
establish this connection, the social media company receives information that
you have visited our site from your IP address. Micro Macro Mundo Inc. has a
legitimate interest in creating an engaging user experience on its webpages.
Thus, the basis for the data processing under the GDPR is Art. 6(1)(f).
Information about each social media plugin can be found below.
Facebook plugins
The Facebook plugins allow users to connect to their Facebook accounts. They
are operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA.
The Facebook plugins can be recognized by the Facebook logo or Like button on
our sites. For an overview of the Facebook plugins, see
developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
Facebook server is established via the plugin. This enables Facebook to receive
information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click
on the Facebook "Like" or share button while you are logged into your
Facebook account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook
profile. This allows Facebook to associate visits to our site with your user
account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge
of the content of the data transmitted to Facebook or of how Facebook uses
these data. For more information, please see Facebook's privacy policy at
facebook.com/policy.php. If you do not want Facebook to associate your visit to
our site with your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account.
Twitter plugin
The Twitter plugin allows users to connect to their Twitter account. It is
operated by Twitter Inc., 1355
Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco,
CA 94103,
USA. The
Twitter plugin can be recognized by the Twitter bird logo. For an overview of
the Twitter plugin, see dev.twitter.com/web/overview.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
Twitter server is established via the plugin. This enables Twitter to receive
information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click
on the "Retweet" button while you are logged into your Twitter
account, you can link the content of our site to your Twitter profile. This
allows Twitter to associate visits to our site with your user account. Please
note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of
the data transmitted to Twitter or of how Twitter uses these data.
For more information, please see Twitter's privacy policy at
twitter.com/privacy. If you do not want Twitter to associate your visit to our
site with your Twitter account, please log out of your Twitter account.
Google+ plugin
The Google+ plugin allow users to connect to their Google+ account. It is
operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
The Google+ plugin can be recognized by the "G+" Google logo. For an
overview of the Google+ plugin, see developers.google.com/+/web/.
Collection and disclosure of information: Using the Google +1 button allows you
to publish information worldwide. By means of the Google+ button, you and other
users can receive custom content from Google and our partners. Google stores
both the fact that you have +1'd a piece of content and information about the
page you were viewing when you clicked +1. Your +1 can be displayed together
with your profile name and photo in Google services, for example in search
results or in your Google profile, or in other places on websites and
advertisements on the Internet. Google records information about your +1
activities to improve Google services for you and others.
To use the Google + button, you need a globally visible, public Google profile
that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. This name is used
by all Google services. In some cases, this name may also replace a different
name that you have used to share content via your Google account. The identity
of your Google profile can be shown to users who know your email address or
other information that can identify you.
Use of collected data: In addition to the uses mentioned above, the information
you provide is used in accordance with the applicable Google data protection
policies. Google may publish summary statistics about users' +1 activity or
share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate
websites. For more information, please see Google's privacy policy at
policies.google.com/privacy.
Instagram plugin
The Instagram plugin allows users to connect to their Instagram account. It
is operated by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA.
The Instagram plugin can be recognized by the Instagram camera logo. For an
overview of the Instagram plugin, see www.instagram.com/developer/.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
Instagram server is established via the plugin. This enables Instagram to
receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you
click on the "Instagram camera button" while you are logged into your
Instagram account, you can link the content of our site to your Instagram
profile. This allows Instagram to associate visits to our site with your user
account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge
of the content of the data transmitted to Instagram or of how Instagram uses
these data.
For more information, please see Instagram's privacy policy at
instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/. If you do not want Instagram to associate
your visit to our site with your Instagram account, please log out of your
Instagram account.
LinkedIn plugin
The LinkedIn plugin allows users to connect to their LinkedIn account. It is
operated by LinkedIn, a subsidiary of Microsoft, at LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. The LinkedIn plugin can be
recognized by the LinkedIn logo on our sites. For an overview of the LinkedIn
plugin, see developer.linkedin.com/plugins.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
LinkedIn server is established via the plugin. This enables LinkedIn to receive
information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you click
on the LinkedIn "Recommend" button while you are logged into your
LinkedIn account, you can link the content of our site to your Facebook
profile. This allows LinkedIn to associate visits to our site with your user
account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge
of the content of the data transmitted to LinkedIn or of how LinkedIn uses
these data.
For more information, please see LinkedIn 's privacy policy at
www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. If you do not want LinkedIn to associate
your visit to our site with your LinkedIn account, please log out of your
LinkedIn account.
Pinterest plugin
The Pinterest plugin allows users to connect to their Pinterest account. It
is operated by Pinterest Inc., 635 High Street, Palo Alto, CA, 94301, USA.
The Pinterest plugin can be recognized by the Pinterest "Pin it"
logo. For an overview of the Pinterest plugins, see about.pinterest.com/en/browser-button.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
Pinterest server is established via the plugin. This enables Pinterest to
receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you
click on the Pinterest "Pin it" button while you are logged into your
Pinterest account, you can link the content of our site to your Pinterest profile.
This allows Pinterest to associate visits to our site with your user account.
Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the
content of the data transmitted to Pinterest or of how Pinterest uses these
data.
For more information, please see Pinterest's privacy policy at
policy.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy. If you do not want Pinterest to
associate your visit to our site with your Pinterest account, please log out of
your Pinterest account.
YouTube plugin
The YouTube plugin allows users to view product related video content stored
on YouTube servers. It is operated by YouTube, a subsidiary of Google, at
YouTube LLC, 901 Cherry Ave., San
Bruno, CA 94066,
USA. The
YouTube plugin can be recognized as the YouTube video player. For an overview
of the YouTube plugin, see www.youtube.com/yt/dev/.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
YouTube server is established via the plugin. This enables YouTube to receive
information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you are
logged into your YouTube account, YouTube can associate visits to our site with
your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no
knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to YouTube or of how YouTube
uses these data.
For more information, please see YouTube's privacy policy at policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
If you do not want YouTube to associate your visit to our site with your
YouTube account, please log out of your YouTube account.
Google Maps
The Google Maps plugin allows users to locate hobby stores and other
relevant hobby locations. It is operated by Vimeo Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York,
New York 10011,
USA. The
Google Maps plugin can be recognized as the interactive overhead map. For an
overview of the Google Maps plugin, see cloud.google.com/maps-platform/.
When you visit our site, a direct connection between your browser and the
Google Maps server is established via the plugin. This enables Google Maps to
receive information that you have visited our site from your IP address. If you
are logged into your Google account, Google Maps can associate visits to our
site with your user account. Please note that, as the operator of this site, we
have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to YouTube or of how
Google Maps uses these data.
For more information, please see privacy policy of Google Maps at policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
If you do not want Google Maps to associate your visit to our site with your
Google account, please log out of your Google account.
Analytics and Advertising
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites use third-party analytics to a custom
and optimized user experience from our websites and their advertising. Micro
Macro Mundo Inc. pages may include the analytics and advertising services of
Google Analytics, Google Analytics Remarking, Google reCAPTCHA, Facebook, Web
Beacon, Statcounter or BazaarVoice Web Beacon. Collection of this data may come
in the form of cookies, web beacons, or plugins. General information about how
cookies, web beacons, and plugins work can be found above in the sections
titled Cookies, Web beacons, and Social Media Plugins, respectively. Micro
Macro Mundo Inc. has a legitimate interest in providing optimized user
experience from our websites and their advertising. Thus, the basis for data
processing under the GDPR is Art. 6(1)(f). Information about each of the
analytics and advertising services used on Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites can be
found under the Learn More section of this provision.
Google Analytics
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites may use Google Analytics, a web
analytics service. It is operated by Google Inc., 1600
Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
Google Analytics uses cookies. These are text files that are stored on your
computer and that allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted
to a Google server in the USA
and stored there.
Google Analytics cookies are stored based on GDPR Art. 6(1)(f). The website
operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both
its website and its advertising.
IP anonymization
We have activated the IP anonymization feature on this website. Your IP
address will be shortened by Google within the European Union or other parties
to the Agreement on the European Economic Area prior to transmission to the United States.
Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the
US
and shortened there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator
of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on
website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and
Internet usage for the website operator. The IP address transmitted by your
browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with any other data held
by Google.
Browser plugin
You can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate
settings in your browser. However, we wish to point out that doing so may mean
you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. You can
also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website
(including your IP address) from being passed to Google, and the processing of
these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin
available at the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Objecting to the collection of data
You can prevent the collection of your data by Google Analytics by clicking
on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from
being collected on future visits to this site: Disable Google Analytics.
For more information about how Google Analytics handles user data, see Google's
privacy policy: www.support.google.com/analytics/.
Outsourced data processing
We have entered into an agreement with Google for the outsourcing of our
data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the German data
protection authorities when using Google Analytics.
Demographic data collection by Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics' demographic features. This allows
reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and
interests of site visitors. This data comes from interest-based advertising
from Google and third-party visitor data. This collected data cannot be
attributed to any specific individual person. You can disable this feature at
any time by adjusting the ads settings in your Google account or you can forbid
the collection of your data by Google Analytics as described in the section
"Refusal of data collection."
Google Analytics Remarketing
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites may use the features of Google
Analytics Remarketing to combine with the cross-device capabilities of Google
AdWords and DoubleClick. This service is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View,
CA 94043,
USA.
This feature makes it possible to link target audiences for promotional
marketing created with Google Analytics Remarketing to the cross-device
capabilities of Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick. This allows advertising
to be displayed based on your personal interests, based on your previous usage
and surfing behavior on one device (e.g. your mobile phone), and based on your
usage on other devices (such as a tablet or computer).
Once you have given your consent, Google will associate your web and app
browsing history with your Google Account for this purpose. That way, any
device that signs in to your Google Account can use the same personalized
promotional messaging.
To support this feature, Google Analytics collects Google-authenticated IDs of
users that are temporarily linked to our Google Analytics data to define and
create audiences for cross-device ad promotion.
You can permanently opt out of cross-device remarketing/targeting by turning
off personalized advertising in your Google Account; follow this link: www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/.
The aggregation of the data collected in your Google Account data is based
solely on your consent, which you may give or withdraw from Google under GDPR
Art. 6(1)(a). For data collection operations not merged into your Google
Account (for example, because you do not have a Google Account or have objected
to the merge), the collection of data is based on GDPR Art. 6(1)(f). Micro
Macro Mundo Inc. has a legitimate interest in analyzing anonymous user behavior
for promotional purposes.
For more information and the Google Privacy Policy, go to: www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/.
Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites may use Google AdWords. AdWords is an
online advertising program from Google Inc., 1600
Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States ("Google").
As part of Google AdWords, we use so-called conversion tracking. When you click
on an ad served by Google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. Cookies are
small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer. These
cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of
the user. Should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has
not yet expired, Google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the
ad and proceeded to that page.
Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie. Thus, cookies cannot be
tracked using the website of an AdWords advertiser. The information obtained
using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the
AdWords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. Customers are told
the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a
conversion tracking tag page. However, advertisers do not obtain any
information that can be used to personally identify users. If you do not want
to participate in tracking, you can opt-out of this by disabling the Google
Conversion Tracking cookie in your browser settings. By doing so, you will not
be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
Conversion cookies are stored based on GDPR Art. 6(1)(f). The website operator
has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its
website and its advertising.
For more information about Google AdWords and Google Conversion Tracking, see
the Google Privacy Policy: www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that
you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie.
Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies
under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete
cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the
functionality of this website.
Google reCAPTCHA
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. webpages may use "Google reCAPTCHA.".
This service is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater
Parkway, Mountain View, CA
94043, USA
("Google").
reCAPTCHA is used to check whether the data entered on our website (such as on
a contact form) has been entered by a human or by an automated program. To do
this, reCAPTCHA analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various
characteristics. This analysis starts automatically as soon as the website
visitor enters the website. For the analysis, reCAPTCHA evaluates various
information (e.g. IP address, how long the visitor has been on the website, or mouse
movements made by the user). The data collected during the analysis will be
forwarded to Google.
The reCAPTCHA analyses take place completely in the background. Website
visitors are not advised that such an analysis is taking place.
Data processing is based on GDPR Art. 6(1)(f). The website operator has a
legitimate interest in protecting its site from abusive automated crawling and
spam.
For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please
visit the following links: www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and www.google.com/recaptcha/intro/android.html.
Facebook Web Beacon
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. webpages may measure conversions using visitor
action web beacons from Facebook, which is located at Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
The Facebook web beacon allows the behavior of site visitors to be tracked
after they click on a Facebook ad to reach the provider's website. This allows
an analysis of the effectiveness of Facebook advertisements for statistical and
market research purposes and their future optimization.
The data collected is anonymous to us as operators of this website and we
cannot use it to draw any conclusions about our users' identities. However, the
data are stored and processed by Facebook, which may make a connection to your
Facebook profile and which may use the data for its own advertising purposes,
as stipulated in the Facebook privacy policy. This will allow Facebook to
display ads both on Facebook and on third-party sites. We have no control over
how this data is used.
Conversion web beacons are used based on GDPR Art. 6(1)(f). The website
operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both
its website and its advertising.
Check out Facebook's privacy policy to learn more about protecting your
privacy: www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
You can also deactivate the custom audiences remarketing feature in the Ads
Settings section at www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/. You will first need to
log into Facebook.
If you do not have a Facebook account, you can opt out of usage-based
advertising from Facebook on the website of the European Interactive Digital
Advertising Alliance: www.youronlinechoices.com.
BazaarVoice Web Beacon
Some Micro Macro Mundo Inc. webpages may measure conversions using visitor
action web beacons from BazaarVoice, which is located at BazaarVoice, Inc., 10901 Stonelake Blvd., Austin, TX 78759, USA ("BazaarVoice").
The data collected is anonymous to us as operators of this website and we
cannot use it to draw any conclusions about our users' identities. However, the
data are stored and processed by BazaarVoice, which may make a connection to
your BazaarVoice profile and which may use the data for its own advertising
purposes, as stipulated in the BazaarVoice privacy policy. This will allow
BazaarVoice to display ads both on BazaarVoice and on third-party sites. We
have no control over how this data is used.
Conversion web beacons are used based on GDPR Art. 6(1)(f). The website
operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both
its website and its advertising.
Check out BazaarVoice's privacy policy to learn more about protecting your
privacy: www.bazaarvoice.com/legal/privacy-policy/.
You can also opt out of data use by BazaarVoice by visiting their privacy
policy webpage and selecting the "Opt Out" button in the Opting Out
section.
If located in the European Union, you can also opt out of usage-based
advertising from BazaarVoice on the website of the European Interactive Digital
Advertising Alliance: www.youronlinechoices.com. If located in the United States,
you can opt out from BazaarVoice on the Preferences Manager website of Truste: https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/.
5. Newsletters
If you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email
address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner
of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter.
No additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. We
only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to
third parties.
We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with
your consent under GDPR Art. 6 (1)(a). You can revoke consent to the storage of
your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at
any time, e.g. through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. The
data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed
The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to
distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data
will be deleted. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses
for the members area) remain unaffected.
If you do not want your usage of the newsletter to be analyzed by us, you will
have to unsubscribe from the newsletter. For this purpose, we provide a link in
every newsletter we send. You can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly
on the website.
We use an email marketing system to analyze our newsletter campaigns. This
allows us to determine if a newsletter message has been opened and which links
you click on. We can thus find out how often various links are clicked.
In addition, we can see if certain actions take place after clicking on said
links (conversion rate). We can thus determine whether the clicking of a link
in a newsletter has led to a purchase, for example.
Our newsletter system also allows us to classify newsletter recipients into
different categories (clustering). For example, newsletter recipients can be
subdivided according to gender, personal preference (e.g. RC planes or RC
cars), or customer relationship (e.g. existing or potential customer). This
allows us to adapt the newsletters to the respective target groups.
Data processing is based on GDPR Art. 6 (1)(a). You may revoke your consent at
any time. The data processed before we receive your request may still be
legally processed.
The data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to
distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data
will be deleted from our servers. Data we have stored for other purposes (e.g.
email addresses for the members area) remains unaffected.
6. Payment Processing
Micro Macro Mundo Inc. websites accept payments via PayPal Virtual Terminal,
PayPal and Bank of America, Inc., If you or we select payment via PayPal in any
form, the payment data you provide will be supplied to PayPal based on GDPR
Art. 6(1)(b), processing for the purpose of completing a contract. Payments via
Bank of America terminals do not keep any information other than the approval
code and the amount paid.
7. How to Access and Control Your Personal Data
You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its
origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge.
You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any
time. Also, you may contact us to assist in the changing your personal
information in your account online or to change, block, delete, or provide to
you any other personal information stored by Micro Macro Mundo Inc.. However,
some past transactional and encrypted backup data may not be deleted. To make
any personal data requests, please contact us at webmaster@rocousa.com.
We encourage you to promptly update your information in your
online account if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your
account deleted or anonymized. However, we keep track of past purchases for
legal and business-practice reasons. Thus, you cannot delete information
associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure, we back up data
stored on our systems. Such prior information is encrypted, and individual
records cannot be accessed unless the backup data is restored. If Micro Macro
Mundo Inc. must restore a data backup, we will make our best efforts to fulfill
the prior user requested changes to the restored data.
8. A Special Note About Children's Privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site.
Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose Personally
Identifiable Information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are the
parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that the minor
has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at webmaster@rocousa.com so that we may delete the minor's information.
9. Other Important Privacy Information
This privacy policy was last changed on May 25, 2018. If Micro Macro Mundo
Inc. makes any changes to any terms or conditions of the privacy policy, the
changes will the changes will be posted in this document, so you will always
know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom
we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add, or remove portions of this
policy at any time in accordance with the laws and regulations of jurisdictions
covering our intended or expected users. Any changes will become effective
immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise.
Marklin/Trix Authorized Service Center.
Copyright © 1994-2018 rocousa.com | Site Map |