http://www.coolsac.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
CoolSAC
"Still Made in the USA"
Home
Contact Us
Call Us: (800) 445-8946
My Account
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Luggage
Grips
Roadstore
Dealer Login
Featured Items
Rac SAC Deluxe
$109.95
Add To Cart
SAC Deluxe
$139.95
Add To Cart
Black Braided Grip
$79.95
Choose Options
Custom 2-Color Braided Grip
$79.95
Choose Options
Half SAC Deluxe
$109.95
Add To Cart
HERE'S THE DEAL
The Deal
SAC LINKS
Contact Us
Request Free Luggage Catalog
Blog
Instructions
Roadshow Dates
Message From The SAC Man
Company History
Videos
Testimonials
Top Quality Motorcycle Travel Touring Bags, Custom Grips and Accessories | CoolSAC
Gift Certificates
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
CoolSAC (Elwood Specialty Products Store) respects your rights to privacy. CoolSAC utilizes the following practices in regards to any information CoolSAC is provided or obtains about users of CoolSAC's website located at www.coolsac.com (the "Site").
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION Unless you provide additional information, CoolSAC collects only the following non-personal information as you browse through the CoolSAC web site:
the domain name and browser you use to access the Internet;
the IP address of your computer;
the date and time of your visit;
the pages you visited; and
the address of the web site you visited immediately prior to visiting the CoolSAC site
In order for you to register with the Site, fulfill transactions or receive services through the Site, CoolSAC may require you to provide more detailed information. Common items may include without limitation your name, mailing and email addresses and telephone number. When you purchase a product or service from, apply for membership to the CoolSAC communities, or apply for enrollment at CoolSAC through the Site, CoolSAC may collect your such personal information as commercially or logistically necessary to complete your request. This information can include personal information relevant to your relationship to CoolSAC. This information can also include the credit card type, number and expiration date and other relevant information relating to any order for goods or services you place through the site.
By accessing the Site, you are agreeing to allow CoolSAC to collect and utilize your information for any lawful purpose, including without limitation to complete all transactions you request through the Site and to disclose that information and details of all such transactions to CoolSAC's various board committees and/or any necessary payment processors. Because of the nature of the Internet, your data may pass through any country.
CoolSAC may send you promotional and informational materials using the email or mailing address you provided on the registration screens on the Site or via cookies. From time to time CoolSAC may notify you of special promotions, new products or services or other information that may interest you. CoolSAC will not send you this type of information if you inform CoolSAC you do not wish to receive such materials.
Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, CoolSAC does NOT disclose any information you provide to CoolSAC with any entities outside CoolSAC, its affiliates or payment processors, unless required by law enforcement agencies or otherwise required by law.
CoolSAC reserves the right to disclose information acquired through the Site to such law enforcement agencies, when CoolSAC believes, in good faith, that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of other persons, or to comply with any law of the State of New York or the Federal Government of the United States of America.
COOKIES
When you visit the Site, CoolSAC may place a record called a "cookie" within the browser directory of your computer's hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve. In most cases, this information is temporary in nature (called session cookies) and is deleted as soon as you leave the Site and close your browser. The use of session cookies is solely for the purpose of allowing you to interact with the Site in an effective manner. In a few cases, the Site uses cookies to store information for a longer period than the current session (called persistent cookie). In those cases, the web page is clearly noted and the user can choose not to use that web page feature. Cookies enable the Site to recognize the information you have consented to give to the Site and help CoolSAC determine what portions of the Site are most appropriate for your needs. CoolSAC does NOT use cookies to examine your surfing behavior before or after leaving the Site.
OUTBOUND LINKS The Site contains links to third-party websites that are not under CoolSAC's control. CoolSAC’s Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices, policies or content of any website that may be linked to or from the Site. CoolSAC makes no representations whatsoever about any other website to which you may have access through the Site. When you access a website other than CoolSAC’s Site, you do so at your own risk. CoolSAC is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinion, software, advice, content or statements contained on third-party websites, or for the quality of any products or services available on these websites. CoolSAC provides links to third-party websites merely as a convenience to you and the inclusion of such links does not imply that CoolSAC endorses, recommends or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such third-party websites.
NO LIABILITY CoolSAC will use commercially reasonable precautions to protect from misuse any information that CoolSAC collects from you through the Site. However, CoolSAC does not guarantee that any such information will not be misused or disclosed to third parties by means beyond our control. CoolSAC will not have any liability to you for any such misuse or disclosure.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION If at any time you (i) believe that CoolSAC has not followed this Privacy Policy, (ii) would like to revise the information you provided to CoolSAC, (iii) feel that what CoolSAC currently has on record is incorrect or (iv) would like your information to be removed from CoolSAC' system, email CoolSAC at [[OrganizationInfoAddress]]. and CoolSAC will make reasonable efforts to identify and correct the problem.
CoolSAC may change this Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion without notice. Your use of the Site will be subject to the most current version of the Privacy Policy posted on the Site at the time of such use.
Visitors to the Site are bound by both this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, and you are advised to read them both thoroughly.
Contact Us Now!!!
Our business hours are Monday through Friday 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Eastern time.
Questions? Comments? Please email us.
SAC2180 Elmwood AvenueBuffalo, New York 14216
Telephone: (800) 445-8946Offices: (716) 877-6622Fax: 716.874.2110
All prices are in USD
Copyright 2020 CoolSAC.
Sitemap
| Privacy Policy
| Terms of Use
| Shipping & Returns