http://www.taphandles.com/en/privacy-policy
Products
TAP HANDLES
TOWERS
LED SIGNS
CUSTOM POP
Process
About
Contact
Ready-Made
Pub Style
Ballard Series
Belltown Series
Queen Anne Series
Short Series
Accessories
Closeout
Cart
Privacy Statement
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us using the information below.
TAPHANDLES LLC
1424 4TH AVENUE, SUITE 201
SEATTLE, WASHINGTON 98101
SALES@TAPHANDLES.COM
TEL: 206.462.6800
TOLL-FREE: 877.855.6383
FAX: 206.462.6801
----
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: to process transactions. Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) Will not be kept on file for more than 120 days.
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the california online privacy protection act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
We are in compliance with the requirements of coppa (children’s online privacy protection act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Please also visit our terms and conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.taphandles.com.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the privacy policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on 1/1/2012.