http://www.ribrubb.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
FREE SHIPPING in the United States - today and every day.
1-855-Rib-Rubb
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. Adams Rib Rubb collects info about you so that we can help you make a purchase and avoid fraud. We might also use this data to advertise to you. However, we won’t sell your information and we’re not into spam – barbecue is so much better! You can opt out of cookies and targeted ads, too.
Here’s what our lawyers want you to know:
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used and shared when you visit or make a purchase from adamsribrubb.com (the “Site”).
Personal information we collect When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using these technologies:
Cookies are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, visit All About Cookies.
Log files track actions occurring on the Site and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages and date/time stamps.
Web beacons, tags, and pixels are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address and payment information (including credit card numbers, email address and phone number). We refer to this data as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. How do we use your personal information? We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud
Provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services when it’s in line with the preferences you’ve shared with us
We use the Device Information that we collect to screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address). More generally, we also use it to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). Sharing you personal Information  We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us communicate with you, screen for fraud and provide you with info or advertising, as described above.
We use Shopify to power our online store. Read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here.
We use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site. Read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here. You can also opt out of Google Analytics here.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to:
Comply with applicable laws and regulations
Respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive
Otherwise protect our rights
Behavioural advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we think might interest you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s education page.
You can opt out of targeted advertising by using these links:
Facebook opt out
Google opt out
Bing opt out
You can also opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal.
Do not track If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
Your rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident, we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example, if you make an order through the Site) or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information. Changes We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. Minors The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18.Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us at Support@RibRubb.com. You can also write to us:
Privacy Compliance Officer  Adams Rib Rubb LLC
P.O. Box 1926  Ocala, FL 34478  United States
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.