https://www.cdjapan.co.jp/guide/help/about_cdjapan/conditions_of_use
CDJapan
Help Desk
About CDJapan
The services of CDJapan are provided by its parent company Neowing Co. under the following conditions. As by using the services of CDJapan.co.jp or making a purchase through CDJapan.co.jp constitute an agreement to these conditions, we ask that you read them carefully.
About Your Privacy
Please refer to the CDJapan Privacy Policy
for information regarding your privacy at CDJapan. We ask that you read and understand this policy before shopping at CDJapan.co.jp.
Copyrights
You are restricted from using any information provided by our site in any way outside of those accepted by the personal fair usage rights described by the copyright law of Japan without receiving prior consent from the copyright holder. In the event that a problem arises due to copyright infringement, the customer is fully responsible for any fees or other responsibilities required to resolve the copyright dispute, and must resolve the dispute without causing hardship or loss to Neowing Co.
Accounts
You agree to take full responsibility for all actions performed with your account and password, and are responsible for the protection of your account and password information. Please note that CDJapan reserves the right to stop accounts found to be used unlawfully.
Notifications and Communications
You agree to receive notifications at the email address registered with your account regarding orders, registrations, confirmations, product availabilities, credit card authorizations, order total changes, and other information regarding orders.
Ordering
After placing an order through CDJapan, you will receive an email titled "Order Confirmation #(Your Order Confirmation Number)" with details about your order. Confirm that you receive this email, and if you have not received this email within one day of placing an order, please contact CDJapan.co.jp. We will process your order once we have confirmed payment or authorization of payment for your order. Please note that we may cancel orders for age-restricted items in the event that you do not meet the age guidelines.
Returns and Refunds
You may return any item in original condition that has not been opened (taken out of the original manufacturer's plastic wrap) for a refund if it is returned to us within 30 days of delivery. Upon receiving it back, we'll provide you with a refund for the item price through the payment method you selected when placing your order.
However, if the payment method of your order is either International Postal Money Order or Cash, we'll credit your CDJapan customer account with Frequent Shopper Points.
In case of our error or manufacturer defects, we will provide you with a full refund, and also reimburse you for the return postage by crediting your CDJapan account with points.
Please note that we are not able to accept returns of any opened items. No refund or replacement can be provided for any item that has been opened (taken out of the original manufacturer's plastic wrap).
View the link below to learn more about CDJapan.co.jp's Return Policy .
Cookies
We store small pieces of information called Cookies on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies enable our system to recognize your browser each time you visit our website, and make it possible for items to be stored in your shopping cart. By changing the settings of your browser, you can choose to disable it from accepting Cookies. However, disabling Cookies makes certain features of our website, such as placing orders, unavailable.
Item Descriptions
All product information, including images, weight, and details of bonus extras, are subject to change without prior notice. While CDJapan tries its best to keep the product information up to date, the information displayed on our website may become outdated. Similarly, while availabilities are updated everyday, unexpected delays and shortages may occur. In some cases, shipping charges may be subject to an update at the time of shipping, when actual order weight becomes available, and it will be reflected on the charge for the order.
Prices
The official prices for items at CDJapan are listed in JPY (Japanese Yen). Though prices may be displayed in alternate currencies selectable by the customer, these prices are only for reference and may differ from those used by your credit card company or PayPal when processing the transaction. The exchange rates used to calculate prices in your reference currency are updated once daily.
CDJapan tries its best to keep product information accurate. We will contact you with updated information on order price totals and order changes if by any chance we have listed an incorrect price for a product, incorrect amount of Frequent Shopper Points received after purchasing the product, or if a change to the weight of an item drastically affects the shipping charges. When you receive this notification, you may opt to continue or cancel your order.
Customs/Import Duties
International customers are considered importers and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which the orders are received. You may be subject to import duties and taxes, which may be levied once the package reaches your country. If that happens, additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you. We cannot predict or control what these charges may be, as they vary widely from country to country. Please contact your local customs office for further information. Also, we are required to show the accurate value of the items directly on the package.
Payment
All payments are processed in JPY (Japanese Yen).
Refer to payment methods
for available payment methods.
Dates and Time
All dates and time indicated at CDJapan website are in
Japan Standard Time (UTC+9). This applies to release dates, promotion period, as well as all expiration dates in our service. However, as for the expiration date of your credit card, please make sure to enter the information exactly as it is printed on your credit card.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liabilities
YOU AGREE THAT THESE CONDITIONS CONFORM TO AND ARE TO BE INTERPRETED UNDER JAPANESE LAW, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS.
Disputes
In the event that the need arises for litigation between the customer and CDJapan.co.jp, the Tokyo Regional Court (Tokyo Chiho Saibansho) shall become the first and sole arbitrator for such litigation.
Modifications to Conditions of Use
CDJapan.co.jp reserves the right to change these Conditions of Use at any time.
Corporate Address
CDJapan (Neowing Corporation)
1-10-15-3F Nihonbashi Horidome
Chuo, Tokyo 103-0012, Japan
Enquiries
View
this page for information on where you may address your enquiries.
About CDJapan
About Our Company
12 Big Reasons to Choose CDJapan
Conditions of Use
Music
J-POP Idol / Johnny's
Books
eBooks
Anime
Figures & Characters & Hobbies
Toys & Kids
Games
Movie & TV
Tokusatsu / Sentai
Beauty
Life Style
Apparel
Gadgets / Audio
Calendar & Stationery
Proxy Shopping
Update to our Privacy Policy
We have recently updated our privacy policy, which will be implemented from May 25, 2018 onwards.
Read our Privacy Policy here.
OK