https://www.crownawards.com/crown-terms-and-conditions/terms-conditions.html
ABOUT CROWN
Crown History
Career Opportunities
Reviews
FAQ
See All FAQ
Top FAQs
Easy Reorder
Shipping
Engraving
Product Information
International Ordering
Logos / Artwork
Pricing
Passwords
Payment
Tax Exemption
Request a Tax Exemption Form
Website
Out Of Stock Items
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
CROWN REQUESTS
Order Status
Order History
View Our Catalog
Request A FREE Catalog
Email Sign Up
CONTACT CROWN
Email Us
Business Hours
Live Chat
Back
Home
>
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
Last modified:  March 8, 2018
Your access to and use of our online interfaces and properties (e.g., websites) owned and controlled by Crown Award, Inc. (“Crown”), including the www.crownawards.com website, www.crownfranchiseordering.com website, and other websites (collectively, the “Site”)  is subject to the following terms and conditions of use (“Terms of Use”) and all applicable laws. Your compliance with these Terms of Use, our Privacy Policy, or any other policy governing your access to or use of our Site is a condition to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to be bound by these policies, promptly exit this Site. Please also consult our Privacy Policy for a description of our privacy practices and policies.
Binding Arbitration.  These Terms of Use provide that all disputes between you and Crown that in any way relate to these Terms of Use or your use of the Site will be resolved by BINDING ARBITRATION. ACCORDINGLY, YOU AGREE TO GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT (INCLUDING IN A CLASS ACTION PROCEEDING) to assert or defend your rights under these Terms of Use (except for matters that may be taken to small claims court). Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury and your claims cannot be brought as a class action. Please review the Section below entitled Dispute Resolution; Arbitration Agreement for the details regarding your agreement to arbitrate any disputes with Crown.
These Terms of Use apply exclusively to your access to, and use of, this Site and do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Crown for products, services or otherwise.  These Terms of Use may be changed by Crown at any time in its sole discretion by posting the changes made to these Terms of Use, as revised, on this Site. Your use of this Site following the posting of such changes or revised Terms of Use shall constitute your acceptance of any such changes., If you have any questions regarding these terms or your access to or use of this Site, please contact Customer Service at custserv@crownawards.com.
PRIVACY
We respect the privacy of our customers and encourage you to read our Privacy Policy, which can be found at Our Policies, so that you may make an informed decision about using our Site.
OWNERSHIP OF THE SITE
All pages within this Site and any material made available for download are the property of Crown, or its licensors or suppliers, as applicable. The Site is protected by United States and international copyright and trademark laws. Unless otherwise indicated, all Site materials, including, without limitation, all data, files, documents, text, photographs, images, audio, and video, any other materials accessed through or made available for use or download through this Site , and the selection and arrangement thereof (“Content”) are the proprietary, trademark, or copyrighted property of Crown or its licensors. Crown reserves the right to change any and all Content contained on this Site at any time without notice. You may not modify copies of any Content from this Site.  You may not delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Site. You may not frame, mirror, deep link to, in-line link to, or make other similar use of, all or any part of the Site or the Site’s Content, including Crown’s intellectual property therein, without Crown’s prior express written authorization. You may not access any portion of the Site that is not public or is not meant to be accessed by general users, and you may not attempt to override any security measures in place on the Site.
You may electronically copy and print to hard copy portions of this Site for the sole purpose of using materials it contains for informational and non-commercial, personal or internal use only. Any other use of the materials in this Site—including any commercial use, reproduction for purposes other than described above, modification, distribution, republication, display or performance—without the prior written permission of Crown is strictly prohibited.
If you print, copy, modify, download or otherwise use or provide any other person with access to any part of the Site in breach of the Terms of Use, your right to use the Site will cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Site or any content on the Site is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by Crown. Any use of the Site not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws.
TRADEMARKS
For the avoidance of doubt, Crown™, Crown Awards™, The Venus™, Trophy Builder Any Figure Any Column Any Combo!™, Blingsters™, Gloss Dome™, Crown Black Label™, Tro-Favors™, Xtreme Trophy™, Mega Tagz™, Spinzer Medals™, Glitter!™, Crown Delivers Happiness™, Where Everyone Wins™, Engraving Engine™, Trophy Builder™, Crown Pins™, Spin Medal™, Crown Where Everyone Wins™, Motion Trophy™, the Crowns logo, and any proprietary product or service names contained in this Site are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Crown, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Crown. In addition, all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts are service marks, trademarks, and/or trade dress of Crown, and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Crown. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners.
SUBMISSIONS
You agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, images, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, provided by you in the form of e-mail or submissions to Crown, third parties in connection with Crown,, or postings on this Site, are non-confidential and that Crown shall have a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use such materials in connection with the maintenance of this Site and otherwise in the course of Crown’s business. The submission of any materials to Crown irrevocably waives any and all “moral rights” in such materials, including the rights of paternity and integrity.
CLAIMS OF COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
Crown respects the intellectual property of others.  If you believe that any material on this Site infringes upon any copyright that you own or control, or that any link on this Site directs users to another Site that contains material that infringes upon any copyright which you own or control, you may file a notification of such infringement by following the procedure below. In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"), we will respond promptly to notices of alleged infringement that are reported to Crown’s Designated Copyright Agent, identified below.
Notices of Alleged Infringement for Content Made Available on the Site
If you are a copyright owner, authorized to act on behalf of one, or authorized to act under any exclusive right under copyright, please report alleged copyright infringements taking place on or through our Site by sending us a notice ("Notice") complying with the following requirements.
1. Identify the copyrighted works that you claim have been infringed.
2. Identify the material or link you claim is infringing (or the subject of infringing activity) and that access to which is to be disabled, including at a minimum, if applicable, the URL of the link shown on the Site where such material may be found.
3. Provide your mailing address, telephone number, and, if available, email address.
4. Include both of the following statements in the body of the Notice:
"I hereby state that I have a good faith belief that the disputed use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law (e.g., as a fair use)."
"I hereby state that the information in this Notice is accurate and, under penalty of perjury, that I am the owner, or authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of the copyright or of an exclusive right under the copyright that is allegedly infringed."
5. Provide your full legal name and your electronic or physical signature.
Deliver this Notice, with all items completed, to our Copyright Agent:
Scott Weisenfeld
Crown Awards
9 Skyline Drive
Hawthorne, NY 10532
SITE ACCESS RESTRICTIONS AND PASSWORDS
You are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; or (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; or (c) accessing or using the Site or any portion thereof without authorization, in violation of these Terms of Use or in violation of applicable law.
You may not use any scraper, crawler, spider, robot or other automated means of any kind to access or copy data on the Site, deep-link to any feature or content on the Site, bypass our robot exclusion headers or other measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Site.
Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Crown will investigate occurrences that may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations. You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Site or any activity being conducted on this Site.
In the event access to the Site or a portion thereof is limited requiring a user ID and password (“Protected Areas”), you agree to access Protected Areas using only your user ID and password as provided to you by Crown. You agree to protect the confidentiality of your user ID and password, and not to share or disclose your user ID or password to any third party. You agree that you are fully responsible for all activity occurring under your user ID. Your access to the Site may be revoked by Crown at any time with or without cause. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Crown harmless from and against all third party claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) against or incurred by Crown arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or violation of applicable law, your use or access of the Site, or access by anyone accessing the Site using your user ID and password.
ONLINE CONDUCT
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes, and in accordance with these Terms of Use. You agree not to use the Site:
In any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the export of data or software to and from the US or other countries).
To impersonate or attempt to impersonate Crown, Crown employees, another user, or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by using e-mail addresses associated with any of the foregoing).
To engage in any other conduct that restricts or inhibits anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Site, or which, as determined by us, may harm Crown or users of the Site or expose them to liability.
USE BY CHILDREN
Crown does not offer products for sale to children under 18. We sell products for purchase by adults only. By using this Site, you are representing to us that you are 18 years old or older. Crown will not be liable for any damages that may result from misrepresentation of age by a user of our Site.
ERRORS & INACCURACIES
While Crown attempts to be as accurate as possible with respect to the Site, the Site may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies, including but not limited to errors or inaccuracies related to price, product information, product description or availability, and may not be complete or current. Crown does not warrant that the Site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.  Crown reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions (including after any order has been submitted, confirmed and/or charged to your credit card) and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit or debit card charged. If your credit or debit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall promptly issue a credit to your credit or debit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to pricing and availability, and we reserve the right to cancel or refuse to accept any order placed based on incorrect pricing or availability information. Additionally, Crown shall have no responsibility or liability for information or Content posted to the Site from any non-Crown affiliated third party.
We have made every effort to display as accurately and reliably as possible the colors, sizes, dimensions, materials, textures, and all other physical aspects (“Depiction”) of the goods that may appear on the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate. We cannot guarantee, and make no warranty, promise, or agreement that any depicted or described product actually comports with its Depiction or description.  If you are dissatisfied with a product offered by Crown through the Site, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition and Crown’s exclusive obligation is to refund the product in accordance with our Return Policy.
Any price quotation, service information or any other such information regarding the provision of and fees for any goods or service offered by Crown are provided purely for informational and illustrative purposes. Crown does not guarantee, and makes no warranty, promise, or agreement that any depicted or described goods or services are actually offered or comports with its description on the Site. Crown reserves the right to cease offering any such services or benefits to any prospective or actual member or customer at any time, in all cases without notice or liability.
ORDER ACCEPTANCE
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Your account may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at our sole discretion. For your convenience and due to the customized nature of our products, Crown processes all payments upon placement of your order. Some situations that may result in your order being canceled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies, or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is canceled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is canceled after your credit card (or other payment account) has been charged, we will issue a credit to your credit card (or other applicable payment account) in the amount of the charge.
QUANTITY LIMITS AND DEALER SALES
Crown reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to limit the quantity of items purchased per person, per household/entity, or per order. These restrictions may be applicable to orders placed by the same account, the same credit card, and also to orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. We will provide notification to the customer should such limits be applied. Please note that certain orders constitute improper use of Crown and its services. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel any order for any reason. Your account may also be restricted or terminated for any reason, at our sole discretion. Crown also reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to prohibit sales to dealers or resellers. For purposes of these Terms of Use, reselling shall be defined as purchasing or intending to purchase any product(s) from Crown for the purpose of engaging in a commercial sale of that same product(s) with a third party.
ONLINE PAYMENTS
You can purchase products and/or services on the Site. We accept credit and debit cards issued by U.S. banks. If a credit card account is being used for a transaction, Crown may obtain preapproval for an amount up to the amount of the payment.
You represent and warrant that if you are making online payments that (i) any credit card, debit card and bank account information you supply is true, correct and complete, (ii) charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit/debit card company or bank, (iii) you will pay the charges incurred by you in the amounts posted, including any applicable taxes, and (iv) you are the person in whose name the card was issued and you are authorized to make a purchase or other transaction with the relevant credit card and credit card information.
EXPORT POLICY AND RESTRICTIONS
You acknowledge that the products and Content which are sold or licensed on the Site are subject to the customs and export control laws and regulations of the United States of America and may also be subject to the customs and export laws and regulations of the country in which the products are manufactured and/or received. By purchasing, downloading or using technology or software from the Site, you agree to abide by the applicable laws, rules and regulations - including, but not limited to the Export Administration Act and the Arms Export Control Act - and you represent and warrant that you will not transfer, by electronic transmission or otherwise, the products or Content to a foreign national or a foreign destination in violation of the law. By purchasing any products, you agree that you will not use any products, or provide products to any person, who is forbidden from receiving the product under the Export Administration Regulations or any economic sanctions maintained by the U.S. Department of Treasury. U.S. antiboycott regulations, or U.S. economic sanctions, including the export and antiboycott restrictions found in the Export Administration Regulations or the sanctions regulations administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control. You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Crown from all claims, demands, damages, liabilities, costs, fines, penalties, attorneys’ fees and all other expenses arising from your failure to comply with this provision and/or applicable export control, antiboycott, or economic sanctions laws and regulations.
If you access the Site from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE AND THE CONTENT IN THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. CROWN DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. CROWN DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY INFORMATION ABOUT CROWN PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES, ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. CROWN DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE SITE OR ITS SERVER(S) ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
CROWN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED. CROWN DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR TIMELINESS OF THE INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE.
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND LINKED WEBSITES. CROWN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT FILES AVAILABLE FOR DOWNLOAD WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES OR OTHER DESTRUCTIVE PROGRAMMING. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR IMPLEMENTING PROCEDURES SUFFICIENT TO SATISFY YOUR NEEDS FOR DATA BACK UP AND SECURITY.
WARRANTIES RELATING TO PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED, SOLD AND DISTRIBUTED BY CROWN MAY BE SUBJECT TO SEPARATE WARRANTY TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IF ANY, PROVIDED WITH OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE APPLICABLE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT SHALL CROWN, ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, EMPLOYEES, AND ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED ON THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM THE SITE, OR THAT RESULTS FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR E-MAIL, ERROR, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO CROWN’S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES.
YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE SITE, SITE-RELATED SERVICES, AND/OR LINKED WEBSITES IS TO STOP USING THE SITE AND/OR THOSE SERVICES. TO THE EXTENT ANY ASPECTS OF THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY ARE NOT ENFORCEABLE, THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF CROWN TO YOU (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE WHETHER ACTIVE, PASSIVE OR IMPUTED), PRODUCT LIABILITY, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS SITE IS $500 (FIVE HUNDRED DOLLARS).
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Crown, its affiliates and its suppliers, and each of their respective partners, employees, representatives and agents, from and against all claims, losses, costs, damages, liabilities, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of: (a) Your activities in connection with the Site; (b) Any violation of this Agreement by you; (c) Any improper or unauthorized use of the Site; (d) Any conduct, activity or action which is unlawful or illegal under any state, federal or common law, or violative of the rights of any individual or entity, engaged in, caused by, or facilitated in any way through the Site or information which appears on the Site; and (e) Any allegation that anything you transmit or attempt to transmit, including but not limited to any content you submit, post, or otherwise make available, through or in connection with the Site, infringes or otherwise violates the intellectual property, privacy or other rights of any third party.  You agree to pay any judgment or reasonable settlement offer resulting from any such suit, demand, or claim. You shall not enter into any stipulated judgment or settlement that purports to bind Crown without Crown’s express written authorizations, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.
LINKING TO OUR SITE
You are granted a limited, nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to this Site provided such link does not portray Crown or any of its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise defamatory manner. This limited right may be revoked at any time. You may not use, frame, or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Crown’s trademarks, logos, or other proprietary information, including the images found at this Site, the content of any text, or the layout/design of any page or form contained on a page without Crown’s express written consent. Further, you may not use any metatags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Crown’s name, trademarks, or product names without Crown’s express written consent. Except as noted above, you are not conveyed any right or license by implication, estoppels, or otherwise in or under any patent, trademark, copyright, or proprietary right of Crown or any third party.
Crown makes no claim or representation regarding, and accepts no responsibility for, the quality, content, nature, or reliability of Sites linking to this Site. When you access a non-Crown website, please understand that it is independent from Crown, and that Crown has no control over the content on that website. In addition, a link to a non-Crown website does not mean that Crown endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of the linked website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use or download is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to this Site, you do this entirely at your own risk.
USER GENERATED CONTENT, REVIEWS, FEEDBACK, AND OTHER POSTINGS TO THE SITE
If you submit, upload, or post any comments, ideas, suggestions, information, files, videos, images, or other materials to us or our Site (“User Generated Content”), or to a third party in connection with Crown, you agree not to provide any User Generated Content that (1) is defamatory, abusive, libelous, unlawful, obscene, threatening, harassing, fraudulent, pornographic, or harmful, or that could encourage criminal or unethical behavior, (2) violates or infringes the privacy, copyright, trademark, trade dress, trade secrets, or intellectual property rights of any person or entity, or (3) contains or transmits a virus or any other harmful component. You agree not to contact other Site users through unsolicited e-mail, telephone calls, mailings or any other method of communication. You represent and warrant to Crown that you have the legal right and authorization to provide all User Generated Content to Crown and applicable third parties for the purposes and Crown’s use as set forth herein. Crown shall have a royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable right and license to use the User Generated Content in whatever manner Crown desires, including without limitation, to copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such User Generated Content and/or incorporate such User Generated Content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world. Crown is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any User Generated Content in confidence; (2) to pay to you any compensation for any User Generated Content; or (3) to respond to any User Generated Content.
Crown does not regularly review posted User Generated Content, but does reserve the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and edit or remove any User Generated Content submitted to the Site or to third parties in connection with Crown. You grant Crown the right to use the name that you submit in connection with any User Generated Content. You agree not to use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any User Generated Content. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any User Generated Content you make. Crown and its affiliates take no responsibility and assume no liability for any User Generated Content submitted by you or any third party.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Crown harmless from and against all third party claims, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) against or incurred by Crown arising out of any User Generated Content you post or allow to be posted to the Site.
DISPUTE RESOLUTION; ARBITRATION AGREEMENT
We will try work in good faith to resolve any issue you have with Site, including products and services ordered or purchased through the Site, if you bring that issue to the attention of our customer service department. However, we realize that there may be rare cases where we may not be able to resolve an issue to a customer's satisfaction.
You and Crown agree that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to these Terms of Use or your use of the Site, including products and services ordered or purchased through the Site, shall be determined by binding arbitration instead of in courts of general jurisdiction. Arbitration is more informal than bringing a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, and is subject to very limited review by courts. Arbitration allows for more limited discovery than in court, however, we agree to cooperate with each other to agree to reasonable discovery in light of the issues involved and amount of the claim. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award, and in so doing, the arbitrator shall apply substantive law regarding damages as if the matter had been brought in court, including without limitation, the law on punitive damages as applied by the United States Supreme Court. You agree that, by agreeing to these Terms of Use, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Crown are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision shall survive termination of these Terms of Use and any other contractual relationship between you and Crown.
If you desire to assert a claim against Crown, and you therefore elect to seek arbitration, you must first send to Crown, by certified mail, a written notice of your claim ("Notice"). The Notice to Crown should be addressed to: Crown Awards, Inc., 9 Skyline Drive, Hawthorne, NY 10532 ("Notice Address"). If Crown desires to assert a claim against you and therefore elects to seek arbitration, it will send, by certified mail, a written Notice to the most recent address we have on file or otherwise in our records for you. A Notice, whether sent by you or by Crown, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand"). If Crown and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Crown may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in small claims court. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Crown or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator. You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration from the American Arbitration Association at www.adr.org. If you are required to pay a filing fee, after Crown receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration, it will promptly reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than US $10,000. The arbitration will be governed by the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by these Terms of Use, and will be administered by the AAA. The AAA Rules and Forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879, or by requesting them from us by writing to us at the Notice Address. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of these Terms of Use. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating to the scope and enforceability of these Terms of Use, including this arbitration agreement. Unless Crown and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your billing address. (If you reside outside of the United States, any arbitration hearings will take place in your country of residence at a location reasonably convenient to you, but will remain subject to the AAA Rules including the AAA rules regarding the selection of an arbitrator). If your claim is for US $10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds US $10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of Crown’s last written settlement offer made before an arbitrator was selected (or if Crown did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then Crown will pay you the amount of the award or US $1,000, whichever is greater. Except as expressly set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. Each party shall pay for its own costs and attorneys' fees, if any. However, if any party prevails on a statutory claim that affords the prevailing party attorneys' fees, or if there is a written agreement providing for payment or recovery attorneys’ fees, the arbitrator may award reasonable fees to the prevailing party, under the standards for fee shifting provided by law.
YOU AND CROWN AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and Crown agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim.
If this Agreement to Arbitrate provision is found to be unenforceable, then (a) the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void, but the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use shall remain in full force and effect; and (b) exclusive jurisdiction and venue for any claims will be in state or federal courts located in and for New York, New York.
TERMINATION; REVISIONS; GENERAL
Crown reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to all or part of this Site, with or without cause, and with or without notice. In the event that any of the Terms of Use are held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that these Terms of Use shall otherwise remain in full force and effect. These Terms of Use constitute the entire agreement between Crown and you pertaining to the subject matter hereof. In its sole discretion, Crown may from time-to-time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You should, therefore, periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use, so you are aware of any such revisions to which you are bound. Your continued use of the Site after revisions to these Terms of Use shall constitute your agreement to the revised Terms of Use. Certain provisions of these Terms of Use may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages within this Site. The failure of Crown to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any of the provisions of these Terms of Use or to exercise any rights or remedies under these Terms of Use will not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment to any extent of Crown’s right to assert or rely upon any such provisions, rights, or remedies in that or any other instance; rather, the same will be and remain in full force and effect.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
General questions or comments about Crown’s Site may be directed to Crown’s Customer Service at custserv@crownawards.com.
ADDRESS OF RECORD
Crown Awards, Inc.
9 Skyline Drive
Hawthorne, New York 10532