https://www.naturescape.co.uk/terms-of-sale/
01949 860592
sales@naturescape.co.uk
Delivery Information
Terms & Conditions
Guides
My Account
About Us
Contact Us
Cart
Home
Our Products
Wildflower & Grass Seeds
Wildflower Plants
Bulbs – Wildflower & Garden
Bareroot Trees & Hedging
Pond & Marsh Plants
Garden Bulbs (Autumn Planting)
Climbers & Roses
Seed Packets
Book & Gift Vouchers
Delivery Information
Forward Ordering
Guides
Returns
Visitor Centre
About Us
My Account
Contact Us
Terms of Sale
Home
Terms of Sale
Making A Purchase
Payment for orders placed online is taken immediately through Stripe Payments, the entire website including the checkout page uses the https secure protocol to ensure no data can be intercepted by a third party.
Orders can also be placed by phone on 01949 860592, email at sales@naturescape.co.uk or post to Maple Farm, Coach Gap Lane, Langar, Notts. NG13 9HP.
Payments can be made by phone using a credit/ debit card or by bank transfer.
Shipping And Handling
All carriage charges include VAT at 20%.
United Kingdom (excluding Highlands and Islands – an additional charge may apply for these areas in which case we will contact you prior to sending your order to agree this) :
Royal Mail charges:
£4.99 on all orders
Courier Service charges:
£9.95 on all orders
The Courier Service is a normally 24hr service from time of dispatch not accounting for unseen circumstances i.e Weather and breakdowns,  it is not a guarantee that an order will be sent out to arrive before 4pm the day following an order – our normal turnaround times apply.
If you require your order on a particular day please detail this in the box within the Delivery Information area.
Our courier will leave the parcel in a particular place should you be out if you specify a safe place to leave in the box within the Delivery Information area.
Belgium, Denmark, France, Germany, Republic of Ireland, Luxembourg, Monaco and the Netherlands: £20.40 on all orders
Greece, Italy, Portugal and Spain: £37.20 on all orders
Norway and Switzerland: £48.00 on all orders
Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, Gibraltar, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Romania, San Marino, Slovak Republic, Slovenia, Sweden and Turkey: £56.40 on all orders
Delivery Schedule
Every effort is made to dispatch your order as soon as possible on average within 3-4 working days but if you have not received your order within 5 working days (seed only) or 10 working days (all other orders) please contact us.
Additionally please be aware of seasonal dispatch dates for products:
Bareroot pond plants (such as oxygenators) are normally sent between May and September (inclusive)
Autumn planting bulbs are normally sent between mid August and December (inclusive)
Spring planting bulbs are normally sent between January and April (inclusive)
Bareroot Hedging is normally sent between mid November and March (inclusive)
Back Orders
Many products we offer (bulbs, bareroot hedging and some pond plants) are subject to seasonal availability, and the expected time for delivery is usually indicated in the product description.
Where an order is placed for products that are available now and also products for delivery later, if the wait is 4 weeks or less until the items for delivery later are ready then the order will be held until this time. If the wait is longer than 4 weeks then these items will be delivered separately later.
Even if we have to make multiple deliveries, we will only make one delivery charge.
Tax Charges
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is included (where applicable) in all prices shown.
Credit Card Security
In order to make payment by either credit or debit card customers will be asked to enter their details on our secure website. Your payment will be processed by Stripe Payments.
Naturescape Limited does not have access to your credit or debit card details, we merely see that a payment has been received when we download the orders.
Guarantee
Whilst every effort has been made to supply seed and plants of high standard, we are in no way responsible for any loss or damage arising from the use of any of the seeds or plants supplied by us or any failure in performance of or any defect in any seeds or plants supplied by us.
We reserve the option to replace any defective seed and plants free of charge or to refund all payments made to us by the buyer in respect of any defective seeds or plants and this shall be the limit of our obligation.
The giving or sending of an order constitutes an acceptance of these terms by the buyer.
Reaching Us
01949 860592
Privacy Policy
Naturescape Limited do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item, to store delivery addresses if the address book is used and to store your details if you select the ‘Remember Me’ Option. Data collected by this site is used to:
Take and fulfil customer orders
b. Administer and enhance the site and service
c. Issue a unique identifier (e.g. customer login)
d. Monitor customer account status beyond that required for individual purchases
e. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes
Full Privacy policy can be found here: https://www.naturescape.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Returns and Refunds
You have 14 calendar days to return Seed unused and in the original packaging from the date you received it.
As plugs, bulbs and 9cm pots are perishable items we will not normally accept returns or issue refunds this is at our discretion.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it.
Your item must be in the original packaging.
Shipping
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non­-refundable.
If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund if arranged by ourselfs.
We are not responsible for returns lost in the post.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same condition that you received it.
Your item must be in the original packaging.
Return to:
Naturescape Ltd
Maple farm
Coach Gap Lane
Langar
Nottingham
NG13 9HP
Refunds
Once we receive your item, we will inspect it and notify and immediately notify you on the status of your refund after inspecting the item.
If your return is approved, we will initiate a refund to your credit card (or original method of payment).
You will receive the credit within a certain amount of days, depending on your card issuer’s policies.