https://www.bedbathhome.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Bath Shop
Bath Towels
Shower Curtains
Shower Liners
Bathroom Rugs and Mats
Bath Collections
Shower Caddies - Bath Storage
Beach Towels
Bath & Body
Snoozies Slippers and Face Masks
Toilet Seats
Croscill Bath
Bath Accessories
Hooks and Rods
Christmas Bath
Window Treatments
Sheer Curtain Panels
Lace Curtains
Thermal Blackout Curtains
Kitchen Curtains
Grommet Top Curtains
Pinch Pleated Drapes
Rod Pocket Drapes
Window Valances
Patio Door Curtain Panels
Outdoor Curtains
Window Shades
Blinds
Basic Curtain Rods
Decorative Curtain Rods
Kitchen
Tablecloths
Seasonal Table
Placemats & Napkins
Kitchen Curtains
Kitchen Towels and Ensembles
Appliance Covers
Doilies & Scarves
Kitchen Accessories and Storage
Comfort Mats
Home Products
As Seen On TV Products
Furniture Covers And Protectors
Chair Pads - Toss Pillows
Black Bear and Lodge Decor
Garden Flags and Outdoor
Candles and Home Fragance
Organization and Storage
Clocks
Picture Frames
Easter Home Decor
Cleaning Products
Candle Lamps and Lighting
Rugs
Bathroom Rugs
Area Rugs
Accent Rugs
Door Mats
Rug Pads
Bedding
Quilt Sets
Bedspreads
Sheets
Comforter Sets
Dust Ruffles & Bed Skirts
Mattress Pads
Pillows
Pillow Covers
Down Bedding
Heated Bedding
Blankets
Bedbug & Allergies
Waterbed Products
Sport Team Bedding
Pet Bedding
Brands
Lenox
Kassatex
Commonwealth
Croscill
m. style
Mohawk Rugs
Heritage Lace
InterDesign
Karastan Rugs
Maytex
American Textile Bed Pads and Pillows
Kirsch Curtain Rods
Brentwood Toss Pillows
Stylemaster Window Treatments
Advertised Products
Clearance
Business and Hotel Bulk Case Packs
Christmas Home Decor
More...
Bath Shop
Window
Kitchen
Home Products
Bedding
Rugs
As Seen On TV
Clearance
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information We CollectWe may collect information (including name, address, email address, telephone number, email address, transaction information, credit card information and date of birth, as well as information you provide to us about other persons) when you:• Place an order with us for yourself or as a gift• Create or maintain an account• Return an item or make an exchange• Inquire about our products or services• Request a catalog• Receive a gift package• Create an account • Receive email promotions• Enter a contest, sweepstakes, or other promotion• Are referred to us through a marketing promotion• Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event• Activities similar to the aboveWe maintain this data, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database. We may combine this information with data that is publicly available, as well as data that we receive from other sources, including from mailing lists and other information obtained from third parties.We also gather information about how you navigate through our Web site or advertisements, including content served by us or on our behalf on other web sites. This includes information gathered with "cookies" and/or other online tools such as "pixel tags." As technology evolves, we may use similar tools to measure such activity. More information about cookies and pixel tags is provided below. We may also use these tools to collect data about our email promotions. For example, we may receive a confirmation when you open email from us. We may also contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf. Using Information We Collect We always want to provide you with the best possible shopping experience and fulfill your orders exactly as you've requested, as well as to provide you with promotions that are most likely to be of interest to you. To do this, we collect information that allows us to:• Process and track your order• Provide the services you request• Contact you about the status of an order• Send you catalogs or promotional offers• Send you email updates• Identify your product and service preferences• Customize our communications to you• Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased• Improve our merchandise selection and customer service• Better fraud prevention or detectionInformation We Share with OthersWe contract with other companies that provide services in the following categories: shipping, name, address, email address, and/or telephone number verification, email distribution, market research, promotions management and payment processing. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes and from sharing this information with anyone other than us.From time to time, we make your contact information available for marketing to reputable retailers whose products we believe will be of interest to you. As explained below, if you prefer that we do not share information with these companies, please contact us by email, telephone, or mail using the contact information below and we well honor your request.We may also may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also disclose such information where we believe it is reasonably necessary to protect us, our customers, and others from financial or physical harm. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation, but we do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.Our business might be also purchased or sold. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, but remains subject to the promises made in our privacy policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise).Your Privacy Rights: Respecting Your ChoicesWe offer you choices about the information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive catalogs or marketing emails from us, or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us by phone, email, or mail using the contact information below and we will honor your requests. You can also unsubscribe from our marketing emails using the link provided in each marketing email we send.We also offer you a choice about whether we share your personally identifiable information with others for their direct marketing uses. If you prefer that we not do so, please let us know and we will honor your request.Our company and trusted third parties also may share with one another anonymous versions of user information collected at this site. We may use that information to link to and issue anonymous cookies containing demographic or intent-based data for online behavioral advertising purposes. Such cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. While our website does not recognize a browser’s “do not track” setting, you do have choices about behavioral advertising. If you would like to opt out of online behavioral advertising, you may do so by visiting http://networkadvertising.org/choices.The following is our designated contact information for communications regarding these choices:Altmeyer's BedBathHome6515 Route 22Delmont, PA 15626We can also be reached via email at support@bedbathhome.com or by telephone at 724-468-3434 or 800-394-6628.With regard to catalogs and catalog mailings, please be sure to provide us your exact name and address, or the mailing label from your catalog, so that we can be sure to identify you correctly. Because promotions are planned in advance, it may take a reasonable time for your requests to become effective. If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation. Reviewing and Updating Your Information Upon request we can also provide site visitors with access to transaction information and contact information that we maintain about them and the ability to correct certain errors in that information. Some of this information and the ability to correct it may be available online to account holders. Please contact us for more details.Information About Cookies and Pixel TagsA cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies enable you to place an order on our Web site. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you.For example, we use cookies to:• Remember what items are in your cart• Recognize you when you return to our Web site• Study how our visitors navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site or web searchesPixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our Web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site. Pixel tags also enable us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us.Links to Other SitesOccasionally we provide links on our Web site to other sites to enhance the functionality and shopping experience. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit.SecurityIt is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information we collect and maintain. We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of that data.Privacy of Children on Our Web SiteOur Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.Notice of Policy ChangesFrom time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.Questions or Comments?For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us. If you feel that this site is in any way not following its stated information policy, we also urge you to contact us so that we can address your concerns promptly. We hope to answer any questions to your satisfaction, but should you ever want to contact a third-party regarding our privacy practices, you may email the Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at ethics@the-dma.org. The DMA is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing.Effective DateThis policy is effective as of January 10, 2018.
Shop By Category
Bath Shop Window Treatments Kitchen Home Products Cold Weather Solutions Rugs Bedding Brands Clearance Advertised Products Wholesale Bulk Case Packs
Be The First To Know of promotions, exclusive offers, and arrivals.
Copyright © 2020 Bed Bath Home. Powered by Miva