http://www.decent-cigar.com/privacy_policy.php/osCsid/l1s48h11fkhnfevov4js6bv1n4
Have a Question?  |  Special Requests?
Rated #1 on Tripadvisor
'More than a shop, an experience'
CartCheckoutMy Account
Home
About Us
Collectables
Contact Us
Website Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
The Decent Cigar Emporium promises to respect any personal data you share with us.
By signing up you are accepting and consenting to monthly updates.
When you use our websites or web applications
Like most websites and web applications, we use “cookies” to help us make our technology – and the way you use it – better.
Cookies mean that a website or web application will remember you. They are small text files that sites and applications transfer to your computer (or phone or tablet). They make interacting with a website faster and easier – for example by automatically filling your name and address in text fields.
In addition, the type of device you’re using to access our website or web applications and the settings on that device may provide us with information about your device, including what type of device it is, what specific device you have, what operating system you’re using, what your device settings are, and why a crash has happened. Your device manufacturer or operating system provider will have more details about what information your device makes available to us.
What personal data we collect and how we use it
Name, phone number, address and email address. This is only for the purpose of monthly updates.
If we intend to use your personal information for any other purpose other than as listed above, we will notify you of such new purpose prior to such activity commencing unless we are unable to do so by law or it would require a dispropotionate effort.
Direct Marketing
Our marketing communications include information about our latest news, campaigns and event/competitions.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for such marketing purposes.
You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain ‘opt out’ boxes or contact us at info@decent-cigar.com.
We do not sell or share personal details to third parties.
How we keep your data safe
We ensure that there are appropriate technical controls in place to protect your personal details.
For example, our online forms are always encrypted and our network is protected and routinely monitored.
We will only ever share your data in other circumstances if we have your explicit and informed consent.
Your right to know what we know about you, make changes or ask us to stop using your data
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Continue
Categories GIFT IDEAS - (36)CIGARS - (86)ACCESSORIES - (94)ANTIQUES - (34)CUBAN COFFEE - (3)SPECIAL OFFERS! (8)
Shopping Cart 0 items
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
You must be 18 or over to use this site.
Contact info
The Decent Cigar Emporium, 46 Grafton Street, Dublin 2, Ireland.
Our Shop opening hours: Mon - Wed, Fri & Sat: 10am til 6pm   |   Thurs: 10am til 8pm   |   Sun: 12 Noon til 5pm
Tel: +353 1 6716451   |   Fax: +353 1 6716451
Email: info@decent-cigar.com
Shipping Info
Ireland Free shipping over €100 or €5 if under
UK / Europe €10
Rest of the World €20
We do not ship tobacco products to the USA. Accessories and humidors, no problem.
Cancellation and Returns of Products
We want you to be totally satisfied with the products provided you can return them at any point within 7 working days from the day after receiving them (enclosing a copy of your product order confirmation/receipt and your reasons for returning the product) you will then be given a full refund.
Republic of Ireland orders
All orders for the Republic of Ireland are sent by means of An Post Recorded Delivery. This option can take between 3 - 5 days.
Orders outside of Republic of Ireland
Orders outside of the Republic of Ireland are sent by means of An Post For Signed Delivery (signature required on delivery) this typically takes 7-10 days.
Terms and Conditions
You must be over 18 to access this site.
Unfortunately we do not ship tobacco products to the United States.
Cookies Policy
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Delivery costs, as in all shipment and delivery fees are paid by the customer.
Home |
About Us  |
Collectables  |
Contact Us
© Copyright   |   The Decent Cigar Emporium 2020