http://www.stantons.com/sheet-music/privacy-policy
Main MenuSchool Choral Sheet MusicChurch Choral Sheet MusicElementary General MusicVocal Solos and MethodsHandbell Sheet MusicConcert Band Sheet MusicJazz Band Sheet MusicMarching Band Sheet MusicOrchestra Sheet MusicInstrumental Solos, Ensembles, MethodsPopular, Guitar and Folk MusicPiano Sheet MusicPiano MethodsOrgan Sheet MusicSoftware/Theory/TextsChoralSchool Choral Sheet MusicChurch Choral Sheet MusicElementary General MusicVocal Solos and MethodsHandbell Sheet MusicInstrumentalConcert Band Sheet MusicJazz Band Sheet MusicMarching Band Sheet MusicOrchestra Sheet MusicInstrumental Solos, Ensembles, MethodsPiano / GuitarPopular, Guitar and Folk MusicPiano Sheet MusicPiano MethodsOrgan Sheet MusicSoftware/Theory/Texts Home > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously.  Please read carefully because this privacy policy explains why and how we collect and use your personal information.
1. Who we are
We are a small business in downtown, Columbus Oh. Our registered storefront is at 330 South 4thSt. Columbus Oh. 43209.  For contact information, please refer to the contact page at http://www.stantons.com/sheet-music/contact-us
If you have any questions about how we collect, store and use personal information, or have any privacy-related questions, please contact us at greatservice@stantons.com
The privacy notice governs the collection, storage, and use of personal information collected by Stanton’s Sheet Music via our tools, website, and any third parties used by us.
2. Children
We do not and will not knowingly process information from any unsupervised child under the age of 18.  If you are under the age of 18, you are not permitted to interact with or provide any data via this website or via any of our tools unless you have the consent of, and are supervised by a parent or guardian.
3. Where We Collect Information
a.    When making a purchase through our Online Shopping Cart
b.    When Creating an Online Account
c.    When signing up for the Newsletter/Sunday Morning Newsletter
d.    When completing online forms or surveys, or entering any competitions or prize draws
e.    When sending us feedback to report a bug or issue you have encountered while using any of our online tools.
f.     When contacting us offline through phone or email
4. Information Collected
a.    During the checkout process, we ask for your Name, Billing/Shipping Address, Email Address, Phone Number, and Payment Information.  We do not save credit card numbers, but we do save your Email address.
b.    When creating your accounts, we may ask you to provide a range of information, such as your name, date of birth, contact details, interests and account and newsletter preferences
c.    If you are signing up for our email list at the same time as creating an account, we will ask you to choose your preference in email topics. If you are signing up separately from the account page, we will ask you for your name, email address, and zip code as well as asking for your preferences. When you receive emails from us, they do contain tracking codes to allow us to determine if you’ve opened our email, your IP address, how many pages you’ve visited, and if you made a purchase.
d.    When completing an online form, like registration for a clinic, we will ask for your name, address, phone number, email, and account information or payment information. Completing a survey will always be optional. The information asked for may vary depending on the nature of the survey. When entering a competition or prize draw, we will need your name and contact information. i.e., Phone number or email address.
e.    When sending us Feedback on our website, we only ask for your email address.  This button will track your IP address and what page you are visiting.
f.     When placing an order or creating an account over the phone, we will ask you for your name, organization name if applicable, shipping and billing address, email, phone number, and payment information. You must provide at least one form of contact information. We can store your information in an account for you if you are an organization.  Individuals cannot have an in-store account, but they can create an online profile to save their activity on our website.
5. What we use your information for
a.    We use your name and shipping/billing information and payment information to deliver your requested package.  Once your package is delivered, your information is partially viewable to our sales staff as an invoice in order to answer any future questions you may have.  Next time you place an order, a specialist is able to copy your information to a new order, but your credit card and personal information is not stored.
b.    We use your account information and email preferences to categorize our customers depending on the information you want to receive from us.  We will not send you emails for a category you do not check off.
c.    We send promotional emails to our customers who have specifically asked to receive them through our Email Club sign up. We send trigger emails with order updates and tracking information to those who have placed an order online or provided an email address during a phone order. Occasionally, we send involvement request emails to email addresses not signed up to receive promotions.  These are just inquiries to see if you are aware and would like to take advantage of the tools Stanton’s has to show you new music. You will not receive email marketing content from us unless you have consented to receive it. You have the right, at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right, you may unsubscribe from the email list at the bottom of any of our emails. If you have any questions, please contact us immediately.
d.    Our online forms are for registering for clinics so we can track who has paid and know how many people are attending.  We may also have a form for signing up to receive an optional email with extra downloadable content. When entering a competition or prize drawing with us, we only need your name and contact info so we can tell you that you’ve won!
e.    So you do not have to explain where you are on the website when you want to give feedback, we track your position on our site. We use this solely to target problems to reach faster solutions for you.
f.     We use the information you give us over the phone or email to deliver your requested package or fulfill the request you asked of us.  Once again, when your package is delivered your information is partially viewable to our sales staff in order to answer any questions you may have.  Next time you place an order, a specialist is able to copy your information to a new order, but it is not stored or used anywhere but our ordering system.  If you have an account, your payment information is your account number.  You are responsible for paying your invoice once your music is delivered. You may pay by check in the mail, card over the phone, or purchase order through as school or organization.
Personal information is processed only in accordance with our legitimate interest in providing products and services to you and monitoring and improving the use and satisfaction of our website and tools.
6. With whom we Share Your Information
·         We do not sell your personal information to any third parties.
·         We may share your information with third party service providers who assist us in providing our services.
·         We process our payments through OMEGA.
7. Data Storage and Retention
·         Your data is stored on two servers. One in Texas and another in Columbus.
·         We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data is only processed for the minimum period necessary.
·         Retention:Information is stored indefinitely, unless requested to be deleted.  See section 8 “Right to Erasure”. After this request is made, your email address will still be stored, but only to ensure there is no future contact.
·         Data portability:Individuals will be permitted to move their personal data from one company to another upon request, without opposition from the data controller. If you would like to make this request, please contact us immediately through phone: 1-800-42-MUSIC or email: Greatservice@stantons.com with “Move My Information” as the subject line.
8. Legal basis for processing personal information
·         Personal information is processed only in accordance with our legitimate interest in providing products and services to you and monitoring and improving the use and satisfaction of our website and tools.
·         Contract: By placing an order, you are entering into a contract with us to legally own and perform with the music you have purchased.  This means you are aware you are not allowed to make copies of this music, unless you have more on order with us. You are only able to make copies up to as many as you have on order and they must be destroyed once your original copies arrive.
·         Legal Obligation: We are required by law to retain certain types of data, including financial records so that we can respond to a request to audit our business.  If we are required to disclose any information to an official third party or authority we will only do so where we are legally obliged to.
·         “Right to erasure”: Individuals can decide they no longer want their personal data to be processed and request that all of their information be deleted. If you would like to make this request, please contact us immediately through phone: 1-800-42-MUSIC or email: Greatservice@stantons.com with “Privacy Concern” as the subject line. We will still keep your email address after this request, but only to prevent future contact.
·         Notice of security breaches: Individuals will be alerted within 72 hours if their personal data has been hacked or otherwise compromised. In the event of a security breach, we will send a warning email to your provided email address, as well as try to contact you by phone.
9. Your Legal Rights
·         Right of access: Data controllers will be required to fulfill requests from individuals seeking access to their private data or information on how it is being used. Data collectors and processors will have to detail how the personal information was obtained, how and why it is being used, as well as with whom the company is sharing the information. Companies will also be mandated to provide the individual with a copy of their personal records.
·         You have the right, at any time and free of charge, to ask us to provide you with copies of all personal information we hold about you.
·         You can request to opt out of any marketing communications you may receive from us
·         You have the right to request we delete any personal information that we hold.  If we are unable stop using your personal information we will explain and provide a reason.
10. Cookies and similar technology
“Cookies” are small text files which are transferred from our website, product or service and stored on your computer’s hard drive. We use a combination of cookies to help us provide you with a personalized service, and also to help make our websites, products and services better for you.
We use the following different types of cookies:
·         Session Cookies
o    These are temporary cookies which are deleted when you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service. We use session cookies on our websites and in some of our products or services to identify and track users.
·         Persistent Cookies
o    Persistent cookies enable our websites, product or service to “remember” who you are and to remember your preferences on our website. Persistent cookies will stay on your computer or device after you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service.
o    We use persistent cookies on our websites and in some of our products or services to identify and track users and to remember what is in your shopping basket (where relevant). We may also use persistent cookies and similar technologies in our products or services from time to time where this enables us to offer you certain features of the product or service or where it may help us to improve the product or service.
·         Web analytics cookies and similar technologies
o    Our websites, products and services use several third-party web analytics cookies and similar technologies. These allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and see how such visitors move around the website, product or service. This helps us make our service to you better and also help us to contact you with details about our products and services which we feel may be of interest to you.
·         Web beacons
o    We also use cookies and similar software known as web beacons to count users who have visited our website after clicking through from one of our advertisements on another website or in emails and to collect details of any products purchased. These web beacons collect limited information which does not identify particular individuals. It is not possible to refuse the use of web beacons. However, because they are used in conjunction with cookies, you can effectively disable them by setting your browser to restrict or block cookies.
·         IP address and parameter tracking
o    We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our server, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the website that you visited before ours, the website you visit after leaving our site. We also collect some site, product and service statistics such as access rates, page hits and page views. We are not able to identify any individual from these traffic data or site statistics alone.
·         Third party technology
o    We sometimes use the technology of a third party service provider to collect information about browsing activity on certain pages of our website by tracking/identifying the IP address that you use when you access those pages. We only track/identify your IP address whilst you are using our website and do not track the IP address when you leave our website.
o    This third party technology will expire after you close your browser or leave your session in the product or service. Our third party service provider collects information about which organizations are accessing our website and we may use that information to contact those organizations about our products and services that we feel may be of interest.
·         Change your cookie and similar technology preferences
o    You may be able to configure your browser to restrict or block cookies and similar technologies if you wish, however, if you disable those you may find this affects your ability to use certain parts of our website, products or services. For more information about cookies and instructions on how to adjust your browser settings to accept, delete or reject cookies and similar technologies, see the Internet Advertising Bureau website www.youronlinechoices.com
11. Changes to our policy
We will update our privacy policy as necessary.  We will always make the changes visible on the website, so please check back with us occasionally.
12. Other Sites
If you follow a link from our website, product or service to another site or service, this policy will no longer apply. We are not responsible for the information handling practices of third party sites or services and we encourage you to read the privacy policies appearing on those sites or services.
13. Right to Complain
If you believe that we are not holding your information correctly or are unhappy at any dealings with us regarding your information you may complain to the Information Commissioners Office. You can do this via their website https://ico.org.uk/concerns or by calling 0303 123 1113.