http://www.desotosport.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Home
Protective Wear
SKIN COOLER™ FACE MASK - 3 Ply
KIDS' SKIN COOLER™ FACE MASK - 3 Ply
REVERSIBLE FACE MASK - 2 Ply
KIDS REVERSIBLE FACE MASK - 2 Ply
HYBRID REVERSIBLE MASK - 2 Ply
RUNNER'S FACE MASK - 1 Ply
SKIN COOLER™ HEADTUBE
CUSTOM FACE MASKS
SPACE FRAME (5-Pack)
MASK COMFORT KIT
MASK COMFORT KIT DELUXE
INFORMATION VIDEOS
Men
Bel Air Collection
Men’s Tops
Men’s Shorts &
Bibs
Men’s Trisuits
Build Your Own
Run
Men's On Sale
Size & Fit Charts
Integrated Pads
Femme
Femme Tops
Femme Bottoms
Femme Trisuits
Run
Femme on Sale
Size & Fit Charts
T1 Wetsuits
Learn About T1 Wetsuits
First Wave
Black Pearl
Speed Collection
T1 Wetsuits on Sale
T1 Size Chart
T1 Videos
T1 Product Care & FAQ's
Guarantee & Warranty
Accessories
Accessories
Skin Cooler
Stay Warm
Headwear
Size & Fit Charts
More
Customer Service
Company
Custom Team Kits
On Sale Now!
Blog
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here at De Soto Sport, we take great pride and care in treating you, our customer with the utmost respect.  We use the same care with your privacy as we do in making your garment.
In order to better serve you, we do collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest, respond to a survey or from communication such as e-mail. When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. We will NOT store your credit card information on our site, on our server or anywhere at all.  You may, also, visit our site anonymously. We may also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: to personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings, to allow us to better serve you in responding to  customer service requests, to quickly process your transactions, or to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you no longer choose to receive promotional e-mails, please click on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the newsletter. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive them.
Like many websites, we use cookies to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. We may use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. We may also use them to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We may also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.  After all, it is you, our customer whom we constantly strive to please.  However, you may opt out of cookies in your Internet Browser (IE, Safari, Chrome, Mozilla, etc.) settings.
We do implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and its latest technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.  Again, we will not ever store your credit card information.
By using our website, you are implying consent to our privacy policy.  If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact us at: contact@desotosport.com. We always want to hear from you!
Tracy & Emilio De Soto
De Soto Sport
Liquid error: Could not find asset snippets/size-chart.liquid