http://www.rheothompson.com/customer-service/privacy-statement/
Shipping is currently unavailable. LEARN MORE Dismiss
Skip to content
Customer Service
Privacy Statement
Shipping Information
Rheo Thompson Candies Ltd. (“Rheo Thompson” or “we”) is committed to protecting the privacy of the personally-identifiable information that we collect from you as you use this Web site (the “Site”). The scope of Rheo Thompson’s commitment is detailed in this Privacy Policy. By submitting information, you agree to Rheo Thompson’s use of such information as described herein. Please see our Terms of Usefor more information about our on-line policies in general.
What personally-identifiable information is collected?
Rheo Thompson collects personally-identifiable information (“Personal Info”) on certain areas of the Site when users register, request information or a response, sign up for events, apply for jobs, and participate in user posting areas, such as bulletin boards, discussion forums, and surveys. The personally-identifiable information collected may include, without limitation, your access ID/password, company or school affiliations, and contact information (names, mailing and e-mail addresses, phone/ fax numbers).
How may my Personal Info be used?
Rheo Thompson uses your Personal Info to fulfill your requests for information, to process your requests to participate in events, and to review and consider any employment-related inquiries that you may submit. We may keep any of your Personal Info on file and use it to contact you for recruiting purposes. Rheo Thompson may also use Personal Info in analyzing Site user behavior in order to measure interest in specific items posted on our Site. The e-mail addresses provided at registration allow Rheo Thompson to send e-mail to individuals based on the areas of interest that they indicate during the registration process. If you do not wish to receive e-mailed advance notice of items posted on the Site, simply do not check off any of the subject boxes on the registration page. Rheo Thompson uses Personal Info collected from cookies and IP addresses as described below. Rheo Thompson may provide your Personal Info to any of its affiliates worldwide for such purposes.
Are cookies and IP addresses used?
The Site uses cookies to identify you and your interests and to track usage of the Site. Cookies are small pieces of text stored on your computer that help us know which browser you are using and where you have been on the Site and on Web sites to which you may link in order to use some of our features. Cookies also let us know whether you have registered with us and otherwise enable us to relate your current usage of the Site to prior usage of this or other Sites of Rheo Thompson or its affiliates. By accepting our cookie, you will be permitted access to certain pages of the Site without having to log in each time you visit. A user who does not accept the cookie from the Site may not be able to access certain areas of the Site. Rheo Thompson also logs IP addresses, or the location of computers on the Internet, to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Site.
Is personally-identifiable information disclosed to third parties?
Rheo Thompson will not intentionally disclose (and will take commercially reasonable steps to prevent the accidental disclosure of) your Personal Info to third parties (i.e., persons or entities that are not affiliates of Rheo Thompson), whether for such third parties’ marketing purposes or otherwise, subject only to the following four exceptions:
Rheo Thompson may disclose your Personal Info to third parties as required or permitted by the laws, rules, and regulations of any nation, state, or other applicable jurisdiction;
Rheo Thompson may disclose your Personal Info to third parties who deliver information from us to you for the purpose of performing such delivery;
Rheo Thompson may disclose your Personal Info if, in connection with submitting the information, you consent to such disclosure;
Rheo Thompson may disclose contact information for you in response to inquiries by bona-fide rights owners in connection with allegations of infringement of copyright or other proprietary rights arising from information you have posted on the Site or otherwise provided to Rheo Thompson;
If Rheo Thompson and/or any of its affiliates merges with or sells substantially all of its assets or a majority of its equity to a third party, information collected by Rheo Thompson or such affiliates on their Web sites may be disclosed to and owned by the merged entity or third party.
Links to third-party sites
We may provide links to third-party Web sites as a service to our users. In addition, some of the content appearing to be on this Site is in fact supplied by third parties, for example, in instances of framing of third- party Web sites or incorporation through framesets of content supplied by third-party servers. We cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection and privacy practices of such third-party Web sites, which may differ from those of this Site.
How can I access, change, and/or delete information?
You may access, correct, update, and/or delete any Personal Info that you submitted to the Site. You may also unsubscribe from mailing lists or any registrations on the Site. To do so, please either follow instructions on the page of the Site on which you have provided such information or subscribed or registered, or send us an e-mail at info@rheothompson.com.
Security
Rheo Thompson has implemented generally accepted standards of technology and operational security in order to protect Personal Info from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction. Only authorized Rheo Thompson personnel are provided access to Personal Info, and these employees are required to treat this information as confidential.
Children’s on-line privacy protection
Rheo Thompson understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an on-line environment. The Site is not intentionally designed for or directed at children 13 years of age or younger, and Rheo Thompson will not intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.
Consent
By using the Site, you consent to the collection, use, and storage of your information by us in the manner described in this Privacy Policy and elsewhere on the Site. We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will alert you to any such changes by updating this Privacy Policy.
Contact our Privacy Department
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at info@rheothompson.com.
The effective date of the privacy policy. This policy has been in effect since July 1, 2008.
Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL) Policy
Canada’s new CASL legislation came into effect on July 1st, 2014.
As part of this policy, we have reached out to all our customers who’ve received electronic communication from us in the past 36 months to ask permission to continue sharing electronic communication. If a customer does nothing, they’ll be removed from our e-newsletter list.
Ordering product from Rhéo Thompson or not unsubscribing from the previous e-newsletters in the previous 36 months to CASL established a previous existing business relationship.
Anyone can withdraw consent to receive email communications at anytime by clicking on the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any e-newsletter.
In other cases you may simply contact us directly to be removed from future email communication by our staff.
Contact information:
Rhéo Thompson Candies
55 Albert Street, Stratford, Ontario
Canada N5A 3K2
Tel. (519) 271-6910
Toll Free. 1-888-271-6910
info@rheothompson.com
www.rheothompson.com
If you wish to be added to our newsletter list to receive special offers, product announcements or for a chance to join our new project advisory panel, click on this link.
Search for:
Smoothies
Christmas
Christmas Gifts
Stocking Stuffers
Holiday Favourites
Corporate Giving
Chocolate
Boxed Chocolates
Nuts, Fruit + Ginger
Bars + Barks
Free From Sugar
Moulded Chocolate
Chocolate Suckers
Fundraising
Candy
Hard Candies
Nuts
Fudge
Sweet + Savoury
Showcase Favourites
Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Hanukkah
Corporate Giving
Favours
Special Occasions
More Rhéo
FAQs
Sweet Talk
Contact Us
About Us
Our Chocolate
Fundraising
Login
Newsletter
9:00 - 16:00
1 888 271 6910
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?