http://www.solunar.com/privacy_statement.aspx
Login Account Wishlist Basket
Home Product Finder Advanced Search Resources Solunar Times Renew Your Times Contact Us
Online Catalog
Solunar Times
Store Tools
Return Policy
Company History
The People
Privacy Statement
Secure Site Info
Contact Us via Email
Solunar Times Info
How to Order
The Solunar Theory
The Real Scoop
Moon Gardening
Species Reference
How to Read Your Times
Frequent Questions
Testimonials
Recent Orders Map
Weather Maps
Todays Forecast
24-Hour Forecast
Surface Analysis
Great Lakes Water Temps
Solunar.com Privacy Policy
GeneralYour right to privacy is very important to us. When you choose to provide us with information about yourself, we recognize that you trust us to act in a responsible manner. It is our belief that this information should only be used to help us provide you with better products and services. Future modifications to this policy will be posted at this same location. At times our privacy policy might change, but any alteration in the policy will result in notification and the ability to opt out. We respect your rights to privacy.Our objective at Solunar Services is to be your resource of choice by providing you with the information and services that are most relevant to you. To achieve this goal, we need to collect information to understand what differentiates you from each of our other unique users. We collect this information in a few ways.  RegistrationFirst, you may provide us with certain information such as your name, email address, and postal addresses when registering for certain services such as online shopping, knowledge base and web-board and email newsletters. This information is used for purposes such as personalization and verification. CookiesSecond, we may track your visit to our site by giving you a "cookie" when you enter. Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer to your computer's hard drive for record- keeping purposes. Solunar Services uses cookies to make visiting our site easier. Cookies allow us to save your passwords and preferences so you can avoid having to re-enter them the next time you visit. Cookies help us to collect anonymous click-stream data for tracking user trends and patterns.The use of cookies is now an industry-standard, and you'll find them used on most major websites. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser either to notify you when you've received a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. You should understand that areas of certain sites will not function properly if you set your browser not to accept cookies. Use of InformationAny information you provide to Solunar Services over this website is maintained and accessible only by Solunar Services and its web hosting provider. Solunar Services uses this information to send you product updates and special offers. Solunar Services will not disclose any information about any individual user to entities outside of those partners, except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process. Sharing of InformationThe individually identifiable information that you provide will be used extensively within Solunar Services to provide a personalized experience for you. Solunar Services maintains strict control over information you provide to us. Opt OutAlthough many of our feedback forms allow you to opt-out (elect not to participate in certain communications from Solunar Services), there are still some forms which are currently in the process to have the opt-out capability added. However, we will honor your request to be removed from our mailing database at anytime. Simply send an email to customer service, along with a copy of the communication you received to help facilitate a timely and accurate removal. It is very important to us that you have a positive experience with using Solunar.com. Please email customer service with any questions or suggestions; we welcome your ideas to help us better serve you. FraudWARNING: We take fraud seriously. It is a crime to purchase products with a false name or with the use of an invalid credit card - one that is created for the sole purpose of purchasing items illegally or using a credit card or its information, via theft or unauthorized use. It is also illegal to misuse the charge back process to take advantage of merchants. If you are a perpetrator of fraud, be aware that we will actively pursue and prosecute fraud offenders to the fullest extent of the law.Although most fraud offenders use free email services and false names, many are not aware that their web browser transmits a unique Internet address to us which can be used by law enforcement officials to identify and locate them. We will work with cardholders, credit card companies, and enforcement authorities to pursue fraud offenders.We will submit all fraudulent orders sent to us to The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL) for prosecution to the fullest extent of the law. Last revised:  5/18/2007
Home About Us Search Terms & ConditionsSite Map© Copyright 2007 Solunar Services LLC. All rights reserved.