http://www.continentalwindowfashions.com/pages/continental-window-fashions-privacy-policy
Some links may be affiliate links. We get money if you buy something or take an action after clicking on external links on our site. Continental Window Fashions
is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
Catalog
Components
All Components
Adapters
Bearings & Carriers
Brackets
Coronas
Curtain Rods
Custom Curved Curtain Rods
Custom Traverse Curtain Rods
Decorative
Traverse Rods
Extra Long
Valance Curtain Rods
Lockseam Curtain Rods
Motorized
Acrylic
Bamboo
Cafe Curtain Rods
Grommet
Inside Mount
Sash Curtain Rods
Spring Tension Curtain Rods
Swing Arm
Telescoping
Extender Plates
Finials & End Caps
Holdbacks & Tiebacks
Rings
Rod Splices
Samples
Swagholders
Wands & Batons
Parts & Accessories
Brands
Aria
Brimar
Cassidy West
Finial Company
Forest Group
Graber
Helser Brothers
House Parts
Jade
Kirsch
LJB
Menagerie
Momeni
ONA
Orion
Paris Texas
Radici
Robert Allen
Select
Softline
Somfy
Vesta
Curtain Rods
Custom Curved Curtain Rods
Custom Traverse Curtain Rods
Decorative
Traverse Rods
Extra Long
Valance Curtain Rods
Lockseam Curtain Rods
Motorized
Acrylic
Bamboo
Cafe Curtain Rods
Grommet
Inside Mount
Sash Curtain Rods
Spring Tension Curtain Rods
Swing Arm
Telescoping
Material
Wood
Metal
Steel & Wrought Iron
Acrylic
Bamboo
Curtains & Decor
Drapery & Curtains
Rugs
Quick Ship Catalog
Help Center
Drapery Hardware
Getting Started on Drapery Hardware
Selecting Your Drapery Hardware
Selecting Your Rods
Basic Hardware
How to Measure for Rods
Selecting Your Brackets
How to Measure for and select Brackets
Selecting Your Drapery Rings
How Many Drapery Rings You Need
Selecting Your Finials
How To Videos
Dressing Your Windows
Getting Started on Dressing Your Windows
Selecting Your Window Treatments
An Option for Dressing Your Windows: Valance
Measuring for Window Treatments
Installing Window Treatments
Stationary Window Treatment Style Variations
Specific Window Configurations
Addressing Specific Window Configurations
Common Types of Curved Windows
Rod Types that We Curve
Custom Finished or Ready-made hardware?
Custom or Ready-Made
Custom Specialty Rods
Custom Curved Rods
Custom Straight Traversing Rods
FAQs
Returns Policy
Shipping Policy
Trade Account Program
Blog
Reviews
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Section 1 - What Do We Do with Your Information?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Information is collected to process transactions, protect against fraud and for the best shopping experience possible.
With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products, discounts and other updates.
Section 2 – Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after your opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at customerservice@continentalwf.com or toll-free at 866.375.4500.
Section 3 – Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Section 4 - Shopify
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service or Privacy Statement.
Section 5 - Third-Party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So, if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Section 6 – Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Cookies
We utilize cookies to help enable the best shopping experience for you. The cookies utilization relates to activities such as storing general browsing sessions information, to track internal stats and for security purposes.
Section 7 - Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Section 8 - Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will post those changes on this page.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and Contact Information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, contact us at customerservice@continentalwf.com or toll-free at 866.375.4500.
The Privacy Policy is subject to periodic review and change. In order to view the current Privacy Policy, simply check this section of the website. If we materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so users are aware of what information we collect, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. In some cases where we post a notice, we may also email user who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Section 9 - Ads and Third Parties
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites.
Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.
Trusted Source
Secured and PCI Compliant
Quick Links
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Trade Account Program
How To Videos
Sitemap
Help Center
Drapery Hardware
Dressing Your Windows
Specific Window Configurations
Custom Finished or Ready-made hardware?
Our Blog
Receive our insightful design ideas straight to your inbox!
© 2020 Continental Window Fashions