http://www.muranoglass-shop.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
Home
/
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
This page describes the mode of website administration in reference to the processing of user personal information.
This information is also offered, in accordance to art. 13 del d.lgs. n. 196/2003 - personal data processing Code, for personal data protection of all users of the services offered by the muranoglass-shop.com website, accessed online at the homepage address http://www.muranoglass-shop.com, owned by MGS. This information is provided for other muranoglass-shop websites localized in different languages and currencies.
This informative page also draws from the Recommendation n. 2/2001 that the European authorities , gathered in a Group established by art. 29 of directive n. 95/46/CE, adopted on the 17th of May 2001 to identify minimum requisites for online gathering of personal data and, specifically, the methods, times and nature of the information that the data controllers must provide to users when they access web pages, independently from the purpose of their access.
PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER
The owner of the personal information collected is Mr. Alessandro Carrara as CEO of MGS, located in Zelarino, Via Molino Ronchin, 6, 30174 Zelarino, Venice (Italy), registered at
Chamber of Commerce of Venice with n. VE314645 of the Companies Register, fiscal code CRRLSN75L31L736L, VAT number 03508080276, website www.muranoglass-shop.com, e-mail: info@muranoglass-shop.com
LOCATION OF DATA PROCESSING
The processing related to this website's services is located at the above mentioned venue and is handled exclusively by technical staff of the Office appointed to processing, or by eventual technicians for occasional maintenance tasks. No information resulting from web services shall be shared or published. The personal data provided by users that forward requests are used only for the purpose of fulfilling the request and are shared with third parties only to the extent necessary to this purpose.Credit card data are in sole possession of the banking institutions that provide the secure, 128 bit SSL encrypted, online payment systems. MGS does not, in any case, know or retain this information in any way.
TYPES OF PROCESSED DATA
Navigation data
The electronic systems and software procedures dedicated to the operation of this website acquire, during normal practice, personal data that is implicitly transmitted in usage of Internet communication protocols. This information is not gathered with the intent of identifying individuals, but for its very nature might, through processing and association with third-party information, allow to identify users. In this category are included IP addresses or domain names of the computers employed by users, URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of resources requested, times of requests, method used to forward the requests, size of files obtained in reply, the number code indicating the server response status (successful, error, etc.) and other parameters connected to user operating systems and computing environment. This data is exclusively used to obtain anonymous statistical information on site usage and to monitor correct operation, and it is deleted immediately after processing. The data may be used to ascertain responsibility in case of hypothetical cyber crimes against the website; apart from this case, at present all web contact data is deleted after seven days. The www.muranoglass-shop.com website and navigation data are hosted on Cloud Servers in Italy
at Aruba Spa service provider.
Data provided voluntarily by users
The optional, deliberate and voluntary sending of email to the addresses indicated on this website entail the necessary acquisition of the sender's address, needed to reply to requests, as well as other personal information included in the message. Specific information summaries will be progressively reported or displayed on webpages set up for explicitly requested services.
INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
Cookies are small text files sent from the browser that allows the website to remember even the preferences of users. Cookies are not all the same and are distinguished according to the function performed.The user can accept or disable cookies by configuring your browser appropriately. In relation to this, the navigation may not be easy, and some sections or functions of the site may be unavailable.Our website uses the following types of cookies:
Session cookies:
Which are not permanently stored on your computer and disappear when the browser is closed. This type of cookie allows data transmission session identifiers (consisting of random numbers generated by the server) and allow optimal use of our web site.
Persistent cookies or cookie static:
Only used to get anonymous statistical information about the identification of unique visits to the site. It is also possible that these types of cookies are associated with user data for anti-fraud purposes.
Cookie functionality and trade:
according to the current Directive on Electronic Communications, can be drawn only after the consent. This kind of cookie is used to remember the choices of the User and automate procedures. Cookies allow us to optimize the commercial site in order to improve the content related to individual users and personalize the information of a commercial nature based on the interests of those who surf.Cookies commercial use have a variable duration. The information will be retained for a period of time consistent with the purpose for which the same are I treated and however in compliance with the law.
How do I turn off cookies?
You can change the settings of your browser to turn off cookies, contact the software vendor for information regarding this procedure. Warning: Disabling cookies will not be able to perform login and purchase.
OPTIONALITY OF DATA PROVISION
Except for navigation data, the personal data that the user provides us using the form or request form, in sections of the site designated for these purposes. Failure to complete the forms or Web pages, could make it impossible to provide what is requested.
METHOD OF TREATMENT
Personal data is processed through automated tools for the time that is strictly necessary for achievement of the purposes for which it was gathered. Specific security measures are observed to avoid the loss, illicit or incorrect use, and unauthorized access to the data.
RIGHTS OF THE PERSONS CONCERNED
The persons to whom personal data refers have the right to, at any moment, obtain confirmation of whether the data exists in possession or not, and to know its content and origin, verify the correctness, ask for integration or update, or correction (art. 7 del d.lgs. n. 196/2003). In accordance with the same law, the person has the right to request cancellation, anonymization or blocking of data processed in violation of the law, as well as to oppose any processing for legitimate reasons. Requests may be addressed to MGS di Alessandro Carrara, Via Molino Ronchin, 6, 30174 Zelarino, Venezia (Italia), or at the following email address: info@muranoglass-shop.com