http://www.cheerleaderhairpieces.com/policies_
Skip to main content
Cart
Empty
Policies - Exchanges - Credits-
Cancel order-
Contact
email -Directions to orders page
DO TO COVID -ORDER ARE SHIPPING WITHIN 1 WEEK.
By placing any order with our company you are agreeing to the policies and terms on this website.
See contact in the menu for email.
Ordering Information:
Cheerleaderhairpieces.com is an online based Company.
We do not accept orders by phone or email - online only.   We are an online business and would like all orders placed online by the customer. This protects your information and we are sure to have the correct information we need to process your order.
For this above reason, if you do not have online access we do not suggest ordering from our company since receipts, tracking numbers and conversations are our main forms of communications. This is for your benefit, as well as for our businesses record keeping.
If you are having difficulty please email us an error code , or explain the issue. See contact in the menu and the email at the bottom of that page.
We request that you check our - Help section for the answers to any questions.
Matching colors:
99% of the time, using our color charts online create perfect matches, but we have some other options for you to keep in mind: For squads of 6 or more, we suggest ordering a Color Ring in order to see the available colors with your own eyes and match them to the hair. We also have a Color Matching Help section in the menu. Cheerleaderhairpieces cannot be held responsible for matches done with our color ring by any other company or rings from gyms or businesses. Instructions are sent with the rings and should be followed.
We ask you to print off the color ring instructions when you order one. We pull rings per shipment and match them to the hairpieces before allowing them to ship to customers.
Web Site Security:
This Web site is 100% secured using SSL encryption. You will see the "http(s)" in the address bar before you enter personal credit card information. As with all web site, it may state "do you wish to see secure and unsecured items on this page." All personal information is encrypted using the most up-to-date encryption standards. We have never had a single issue with fraud or identity theft, and none of our customers' information has ever been compromised.
Fraud Detection & Prevention: Right to deny service.
We reserve the right to request at any time any customer to sign a Terms of Order and/or Credit Card agreement form in order to prevent fraud. We may also require a shipment to be delivered to a customer's billing address.  These are not usual courses of action, but may apply in certain limited circumstances. You will be contacted and if this applies to your order. We reserve the right to deny orders from anyone for any reason if it has not shipped.
Orders over a certian amount will be required to sign on delivery. A tracking number and notice of sig req will be sent to you.
Exchanges:
We do not ask for a RMA . Please see Exchanges and credits for instruction. The exchange may be refused and your credit card may be charged to ship the item(s) back to you at the rates posted under the Shipping section or a $6.00 fee may be deducted from your exchange credit. We accept exchanges within 30 days of the original order on non-final sale items. Exchange orders must be placed online by credit card unless you are ordering for a squad and paid by check. We do not accept returns under any circumstances. Some restriction apply see the exchange section in the menu for full details. We do not guarantee stock .
**Even though we ship immediately, we suggest you order at least 1 month ahead of your event.**
The reason for this is if you need to exchange for a different color or style it can easily be exchanged in time for your event. The United States Postal Service and our company can make errors, and this allows time for correction. If the error is our mistake, we will correct it under our policy guidelines at our expense as soon as it is brought to our attention. At times we may close suddenly to catch up on already placed orders.
Payment by Money Order, School or League Checks: and other.
OUT OF COUNTRY: We ship to Canada by online order , we will ship to other countries but the payment form will be Bitcoin, litecoin, Etherium and Dash for payment.  If you do not have any of these coins you can buy some at coinbase.com , Then simply email us for the total and our payment address. If you are in Canada you can also use this method its US dollars.
Coupon codes:
Coupons & or Gift certificates cannot be applied after an order has been placed. If you have an issue while using coupon codes the issue must be resolved before processing your order. Please do not place an order online without the given coupon code or we cannot include the discount with your order. If you need to make an exchange on a coupon or Certificate please see exchanges in the menu.
Shipping:
The postal service has changed policy, they state only average time frames on delivery. There is no longer any delivery guarantee time frame.We do  If you are left a notice by a shipper and do not pick up the order and or your tracking says held at post office by customer request and it returns to us, you will be required to pay the shipping fees again for us to reship the order. If a shipment does not reach you because we made an error we will fix it at our expense. We are not responsible if USPS makes an error.
Shipping: Package returned do to incorrect address by the customers part. Depending onthe size of the order we will refund the order accept the ship charges and email you to reorder with correct address. Or We will contact you to add the ship charge to reship with correct information.
Cheerleaderhairpieces will charge you a 50% restock fee if your order is refused, returned due to a wrong address and not resolved, or not claimed, or not signed for by you. Your original shipping and handling charges are not refundable. We do not accept returns.
Order errors: If you receive the incorrect item- Do not open it or it can not be exchanged. We ask that you check your order for accuracy the items are in clear bags to view and an invoice is in your package , see the tag on the item VS the invoice .Then if its incorrect.....
Simply reorder online. Your card will be charged so the item ships out. Then return the incorrect unopened item with its invoice and the new orders invoice along with a note from you stating it was incorrect and why. We will refund your return ship charges you pay up to first class mail service. We also refund the complete incorrect order once the item returns. Understand we ask that you order at least 30 days in advance of any event as human error can happen. This is the only way to correct this issue. You agree to do this term by placing the original order and checking the terms box.  Receiving an incorrect item happens rarley. We apprieciate your help in this matter.
Opening an order that is not yours makes you responsible. Thank you for understanding.
You are returning the item to a PO Box , so do not ask for signature required as we pick up on weekends.
CLHP ( Order Error) Po box 459 Bella Vista, Ca 96008
Possible Color replacement:
If you placed an order online by credit card and we run out of stock on an item, we will attempt to contact you and ask if you would like alternative colors, would like us to send the next closest colors (in our professional opinion), or if you wish to cancel the order altogether. The choice is yours to make and is considered to be in agreement of the order you originally placed. If we are unable to reach you within a few days we will cancel and refund the order.
Sale Items:
The purchase of some sale items are final and cannot be exchanged, as they are being discontinued. This will be noted above the product and at check out. This notification will also be printed on your receipt. However, many sale items are not final and can be exchanged. Sale prices are subject to change. If you do not order a sale item online right away, we cannot guarantee that the item will be available at a later date, or that the price will remain the same.
Out-of-Country orders: NOT AVAILABLE CURRENTLY.SORRY
Please see the Out of Country section in the menu. We try to keep your shipping costs low. However, the  Postal Service is constantly changing prices. Unfortunately, we no longer use FedEx as a shipping option. However, we reserve the right to use the appropriate carrier at our additional expense and require a signature on delivery.  Please choose the appropriate international shipping choice in the Shipping section. We reserve the right to hold and not process any order in order to request that funds be wired from your account, or, alternately, a Terms of Shipment and Credit Card Charges form may be requested on high-value orders.
Item Stock and Sale Items:
We reserve the right to raise or lower the price of any product we sell at any time. We do not guarantee that items will be in stock. Please always check your cart before you process your order for any discrepancies. If you have any questions, please email or call before your order is completed.
Ordering Mistakes:
Did you make a mistake when you ordered? Our web site and shopping cart lets you see your order several times before the order is processed. If you made a mistake, please cancel the order before it is processed 1 day. Once it has been processed, you cannot make any changes to the order. You can place another order if you forgot to add something to the original order, but it will be shipped and charged independently from the original.  To cancel an order:  A 10.00 fee may apply if the order has processed. Cancel by email ( see contact in the menu)with the billing name . Please include the order ID number (located in the upper left hand corner of the invoice) and the full billing name on the order by email .
Care and Maintenance:
Once a hairpiece has been in your possession, we have no way of knowing if it is cared for properly. We make suggestions under our Wig Care section and on many of the products' individual pages. We only produce high-quality costume wig products that last for years when taken care of properly. Our hairpieces have a curl memory in them and non-gelled items should be maintained almost like human hair. Over stuffing a wiglet for hight is not suggested on non high pony items. We only suggest per style what we know the item is capable of. Synthetic items cannot be dyed or curled. Human hair you can wash and is hot tool friendly.  We cannot be responsible for your care or alturing of any product.
Attachment Instructions:
Attachment instructions are available on that styles order page by youtube video. Our hairpieces are tested for secure attachment, and we have never had a issue with our hairpieces coming out of the hair unless attached improperly. Remember to always use a thin hair band to ponytail your hair. If your hair is silky or slick we suggest applying gel or hair spray to your hair before application.
Defective hairpieces: DIRECTIONS
As stated on the receipt that comes with your order, all hairpieces are to be inspected immediately upon order delivery.. We will need to know about any item(s) you feel are defective within 5 days of you receiving your order by email , please see contact in the menu. It states on your invoice to inspect the items tag VS the order if it is correct to open and try on immediatly. If you received an order for a squad, please schedule a meeting to try on the hairpieces. Please understand that no exceptions to the 5 day policy can be made. Defects can occur occasionally. These are hand made and may not all be totally identical. Also, please ensure that you are not attaching the product upside- down. If the color is correct, try the hairpiece on and shape it, test it out. Although defects occasionally occur, they are rare. If you feel an item is defective, please email us by the 5th day. We do not concider a plastic bungie cord stopper not operating on a item as the entire hairpiece is defective. We can send you a new stopper.
We always reply to emails within 1 business day. Once we have been contacted please reorder the same item and color online. When returning the defective item(s) please explain the reason you feel the item is defective . Please enclose a copy of the invoice that was included with the original order and the new order's invoice. If we agree that it is defective, we will refund your shipping expense at the First Class shipping rate for the new one to be sent out and your return shipping charges of first class mail and the original item. If we find its not defective , it will be returned to you at your expense . Your welcome to email photos before returning the item,see contact in the menu.
The full defective disclaimer is below on this page. Please do not send signiture required as we pick up mail in the evenings and on weekends. USPS will return the item to you.
CLHP/ Defect po box 459 Bella vista, Ca 96008
Thank you for understanding.
( NOTICE) The winner , Winner All star 16 and Summit all have lift technology tiny fuzzy cut hairs at the base, this is normal. These items are all hand made and may differ slightly per shipment. The overall apperance is the same.
Closures: We operate on a daily order limit. We can only ship a certian amount per day. At times we close to orders to service the current orders. This can be sudden. We are seasonal and close late spring - july 1.
Additional Information, Disclaimers and Privacy Policy:
Privacy Policy:
Cheerleaderhairpieces Company does not sell or distribute to any other entity any customer information or Photos. We charge for all items on this website a reasonible cost for hairpieces.
Warranty disclaimer:
This site and the material and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant law, Cheerleaderhairpieces.com and entities disclaims all warranties express or implied including but not limited to implied warranties of merchantable and fitness for any particular purpose and non-infringement. Cheerleaderhairpieces.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in this site will be uninterrupted or error free, that the defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Cheerleaderhairpieces.com does not make any representations or warranty regarding the issue of the materials in this site in terms of the correctness, accuracy, usefulness, adequacy, timeliness, reliability or otherwise.
Disclaimer
Cheerleaderhairpieces.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products. Cheerleaderhairpieces.com sells these products "as is" and will not be held liable for any attachment , health issues, comb or other damages that may occur with or without knowledge. This company only participates in the distribution of all products on this site and is not aware of any damages or otherwise that could be caused. All hairpiece products made of fibbers are in totality manufactured by a company in Asia of whom makes the material choices. Cheerleaderhairpieces.com is not liable for any form of damages that may occur ever from the manufactures choices of fiber or any materials used to produce the products.
Customer Photo use. Once you send a photo to this company you agree and give up intellectual property of that photo. You understand it may be used to advertise products.
USE OF THIS SITE
Harassment in any manner or form on this site, including text, e-mail, phone, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Our representative conduct themselves appropriate, and are told not to further engage abusive customers. Impersonation of others, including a  representative of this company along with other users, customers or visitors is prohibited. You may not upload to distribute or publish through this web site any content which is libelous, obscene, defamatory, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights or otherwise objectionable. Violators will be prosecuted in a court of law. Unwarranted chargeable will incur a fee of up to 50.00.
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at times this may include cancelling an order already placed.
Thank you for understanding.
Cheer Home
Closures Help & CONTACT US How to Order Online Virus Discount TEAM ORDERS Payment Options Policies
Shipping INFO Order Color Ring Exchanges and Credits Color Ring Instructions Color Matching/Descriptions Straight style Color Chart Stock Info- Arrivals Sale Items
Style Winner
Style Summit Winner All Star 16 Original Teen Spiral Style Goddess Youth Spiral Curls Piggie Barrel Pigtails Style Charmed Style Roller Wave High Pony Sabrina Nationals Curl 14 " Nationals 20 in Straight Nationals 14 in Straight Nationals Curls 20 inch Human hair Style Star New Style Charmed 100% Human Hair Bun Cover Hair Styling Products Accessories Tease Balls Attachment tools Wig Care Advise Out Of Country
Cute MASKS
Site Mailing List
The #1 Choice of Cheerleading Competition Champions around the world.
Mailing address- Po box 1161 -Palo Cedro, Ca 96073
Cheerleaderhairpieces.com- biz.com -is operated by a parent Corporation.  2000-2020 all rights reserved.
Copying or using text, photographs, illustrations, video or images appearing on this site or our social media without permission is prohibited by copyright law. ASK Permission first.
\
Site Powered By    EZWebSites.BIZ site creator    Online web site design
Travel Size $ 14.95
Best Hairspray
Below
The Famous Tease Ball
Stuff or fill in your hairpiece.
$ 9.99