http://www.floralalternatives.com/privacy/
PrivacyPrivacy Policy:Floral Alternatives
("Floral Alternatives ")
operates www.floralalternatives.com and may operate other websites. It
is FA's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Floral Alternatives
collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. FA's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how FA's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Floral Alternatives
may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Floral Alternatives
also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on www.floralalternatives.com
blogs/sites. Floral Alternatives
only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to FA's websites choose to interact
with Floral Alternatives
in ways that require Floral Alternatives
to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Floral Alternatives
gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at www.floralalternatives.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Floral Alternatives
are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Floral Alternatives
collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Floral Alternatives . Floral Alternatives
does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsFloral Alternatives
may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Floral Alternatives
may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Floral Alternatives
does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationFloral Alternatives
discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on FA's behalf or to provide services available
at FA's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using FA's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Floral Alternatives
will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Floral Alternatives
discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Floral Alternatives
believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Floral Alternatives , third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Floral Alternatives
website and have supplied your email address, Floral Alternatives
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Floral Alternatives
and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Floral Alternatives
takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Floral Alternatives
uses cookies to
help Floral Alternatives
identify and track visitors, their usage of Floral Alternatives
website, and their website access preferences. Floral Alternatives
visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using FA's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of FA's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Floral Alternatives , or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Floral Alternatives
goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Floral Alternatives
may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Floral Alternatives
and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Floral Alternatives
may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in FA's sole
discretion. Floral Alternatives
encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a www.floralalternatives.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Search for:
RECENT POSTS
What is The Importance of Physiotherapy Treatment? Aug 2, 2019 | Business and Management
How To Keep Your Business Going When Money Is Tight Jul 31, 2019 | Health and Fitness
Part Time Online Marketing Jobs Jul 30, 2019 | Business and Management
What Is Buffalo Turf Jul 30, 2019 | Home and Garden
Magento Modules for Web Development Jul 27, 2019 | Business and ManagementFollow Us
Twitter
Tumblr
Pinterest
RECENT VIDEOS
Reasons To Hire An SEO Consultant Share This
Subscribe To Our NewsletterJoin our mailing list to receive the latest news and updates from our team.
SUBSCRIBE!
You have Successfully Subscribed!