http://www.aerospheres.com/privacy-policy
CLOSE x
What are you looking for?
Search
Skip to content
Home / Privacy Policy
Last Modified: [May 1,
2019]
Statement of Privacy
Protecting your private information is our
priority. To make this document easier to read, we are going to use some
abbreviations throughout.  “Aerospheres”
or “us” or “we” or “our” refers to Aerospheres.
Our “Website” refers to the domain <https://www.aerospheres.com/>>, as well as the content
and webpages on the Website.  “You” and
“Your” refer to you and other users of the Website.
This Statement of Privacy applies to information we collect:
on this Website;in email, text, and other
electronic messages between you, us, and/or this Website;when you interact with our
advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if any, if
those applications or advertising include links to this policy; andwhen you access and/or use
the Website.
This Statement of Privacy
does not apply to information collected by:
us
offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by AEROSPHERES
or any third party; or any
third party, including through any application or content, including
advertising, that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Accepting the Terms of this Statement of
Privacy
Please
read this Statement of Privacy carefully because it discusses how we will
collect, use, share and process your personal information.  By accessing our Website, you agree to this
Statement of Privacy and its terms and consent to the data practices described
herein.  This policy may change from time
to time as described below in Changes to this
Statement of Privacy.  Your continued
use and access of the Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance
of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.  If you have any questions or comments, you
may contact us at: 405-737-2676.
Collection of your Personal Information
We collect several types of information from
and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified,
such as name, postal address, and e-mail address; and/orabout your internet connection, the equipment
you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us;automatically as you navigate through the Website (information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies); and/orfrom third parties, for example, our business and/or advertising partners.
Information You Provide to Us
We do not collect any personal information
about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required
to provide certain personal information
to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Website.
These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Website; (b) entering
a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up
for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email
message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when
ordering and purchasing products and services on our Website. To wit, we will
use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather
additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about
you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To
present our Website and its contents to you.To
provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To
carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts
entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.To
notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or
provide though it.To
allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website, if any.In
any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For
any other purpose with your consent.
Disclosure of Your Information
Disclosure on Your Behalf
We
may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described
in this Statement of Privacy to fulfill our obligations, the purpose for which
you provide it, for any other purpose you request when you provide the
information, or for any other purpose for which we have your consent.
Internal Disclosure
We
will share your personal data internally within AEROSPHERES to help improve our
products and services.
Disclosure to Our Service Providers
We
may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described
in this Statement of Privacy to third party service providers that we use
solely to support our business (such as the management of our data,
maintenance, analysis, audit, fraud detection, communication and the
like).  They will have access to your
information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and
are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
AEROSPHERES does not sell, rent or lease its
customer lists to third parties. AEROSPHERES may share data with trusted
partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail,
provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal
information except to provide these services to AEROSPHERES, and they are
required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. AEROSPHERES may disclose your personal information,
without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that
such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply
with legal process served on AEROSPHERES or the Website; (b) protect and defend
the rights or property of AEROSPHERES; and/or (c) act under exigent
circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AEROSPHERES or the
Website, or the public.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your
computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by AEROSPHERES. This information can include
your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website
addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service and the
Website, to maintain the quality of the
service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the AEROSPHERES Website.
Use of Cookies
The AEROSPHERES website may use “cookies” to help you personalise your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalise AEROSPHERES pages, or register with the AEROSPHERES site or services, a cookie helps AEROSPHERES to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same AEROSPHERES Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the AEROSPHERES features that you customised. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the AEROSPHERES services or websites you visit.
By
agreeing to our Statement of Privacy, you agree to the use of cookies and
similar technologies as described in this policy.  If you use the Website without changing your
browser or device settings to disable cookies, we’ll assume that you consent to
receive all cookies provided through the Website.
Links
This Statement of Policy applies only to your use and access of this Website that is owned and operated by AEROSPHERES.  This Website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.  Websites containing co-branding (referencing our name and a third party’s name) contain content delivered by the third party and not us.
These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.  The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites, apps, and other online services.  They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) targeted content.  We do not control the tracking technologies of these third parties or how they may be used.  If you have any questions about targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.
Your Rights to Deleting, Accessing and
Correcting Your Information
For
personal data that we have about you, you have the following rights:
Deletion.  You may ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data.  Please note that doing so may limit your ability to use certain functionality of the Website.  Correction/Modification: You may edit some of your personal data through your account or ask us to change, update, or fix your data in certain cases, including if it’s inaccurate. Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (for example, if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (for example, if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data you provided to us.
To make these or any other requests with respect to your personal information, you may contact us at: 405-737-2676. We ask that individuals making requests identify themselves and identify the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before we process any requests.  We may decline to process requests if we cannot verify the requestor’s identity, if we believe the request will jeopardise the privacy of others, if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect, or for a similar legitimate purpose.  In any case, where we provide information access, deletion or correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
If
we modify or delete some or all of your personal information, we will retain
your personal data if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations
(including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve
disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, enforce obligations or
fulfill any other requests from you (for example, to opt-out of further
messages or for a copy of your data).
Notice to California Residents – California
Privacy Rights
If
you are a California resident and have provided us with personal information,
California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy
rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the
California Business and Professions Code.
As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of
personally identifiable information that we collect through the Website and the
categories of third party persons or entities with whom such personally
identifiable information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your
request.  California law requires us to
inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of personally identifiable
information we collect and what third parties we share that information with;
(2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the
products marketed by those companies.
The Act further requires us to allow you to control who we can and
cannot share that information with.  To
obtain this information, please send a request to 405-737-2676 and include the phrase “California Privacy
Request” in the subject line.  When
contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what
personally identifiable information you do not want us to share with third
parties.  Please allow thirty (30) days
for a response.  Also, please note that
there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personally identifiable
information or requesting this notice.
Security of your Personal Information
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorised access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Website cannot be guaranteed.
The
safety and security of your information also depends on you.  Where we have given you (or where you have
chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are
responsible for keeping this password confidential.  We ask you not to share your password with
anyone.  We further urge you to be
careful about giving out information in public areas, if any, of the Website
like message boards.  The information you
share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Children Under Thirteen
Our Website is not intended for children under thirteen (13) years
of age.  AEROSPHERES does not knowingly
collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of
thirteen. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any
information on this Website or provide any information about yourself to us,
including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen
name or user name you may use.  If we
learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.  If you believe we might have any information
from or about a child under 13, please contact us at 405-737-2676.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, AEROSPHERES may contact you
via email to provide announcements,
promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication.
You have the right to
opt-out of such messages.  We may use
your information to contact you about account, security, legal and other
service-related issues.  Please be aware
that you cannot opt-out of receiving service messages from us, including
security and legal notices.
Changes to this Statement of Privacy
AEROSPHERES reserves the right to change this Statement of Privacy from time to time. We will post any changes to this Statement of Privacy on this page.  If we make material changes to how we treat your personal information, in addition to posting the changes on this page, we may provide notice that the Statement of Privacy has been updated by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account.  You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting this Statement of Privacy to check for any changes.  The date on which the Statement of Privacy was last modified is identified at the top of the page.  Your continued use of the Website and/or services available through the Website after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Statement of Privacy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by this Statement of Privacy.
Contact Information
AEROSPHERES welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that AEROSPHERES has not adhered to this Statement of Privacy, feel free to contact AEROSPHERES by sending a letter to:
Unit 3, Barratt WayIndustrial Estate HarrowHA3 5TJ
Or by telephone at +44 (0)20 8863 8578.