https://www.ironhorsehelmets.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Motorcycle Helmets
Riding Gear
Helmet Accessories
New
Recent Posts
Get ready for the Cristmas rides with our new 2020 Snowman Motorcycle Helmet Cover.
…
read more
26th Oct 2020 Ben Dikes
Our Grinch Motorcycle Helmet Cover is back and ready for your Christmas Rides.
…
read more
8th Oct 2020 Tommy Gunn
Have I ever told you how many times we have been asked to make a boob motorcycle helmet? Only once,
…
read more
5th Aug 2020 Tory
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Dear Valued Customer,We understand and share your concern about privacy. We want to assure you that ironhorsehelmets.com respects your privacy. We do collect passive information on products browsed via log files and we analyze this information in aggregate to ensure our site is merchandised in a manner that adds the most convenience and value to our customers. When an order is placed, we collect basic information including your name, home address, phone, email address and credit card information. We use this information to confirm your order and to respond to any questions you may have. In return for making a purchase or registering at our site, we offer to keep you informed of new and ongoing benefits, exclusive sales and promotions and other customer-only benefits. We appreciate any additional, optional information you are willing to share with us. This optional information helps us tailor your experience at our site, showing you content that we think might be interesting to you. Depending on the information you give us, we will also provide you with relevant information, gift ideas, and other special offers. If you make a purchase at ironhorsehelmets.com, we include you in our list to receive email updates about special offers, new products and services, and relevant information. Iron Horse Helmets operates a wide range of high quality online specialty retail sites. If you want to learn more about products offered by Iron Horse Helmets, please go to www.ironhorsehelmets.com for more information. We will never share the information you give us with any other company.
Ironhorsehelmets.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information that we collect. We utilize a firewall and use SSL encryption to keep this information secure. We use your Internet protocol address to help identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information. Our site uses cookies to keep track of the items in your shopping cart so you don't have to re-enter them each time you visit. Acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse our site, however our shopping cart does require the acceptance of cookies to work properly. Cookies are never used to store sensitive customer information such as names, addresses, passwords or credit card numbers. If you would like to place an order on our site but object to or otherwise are unable to use cookies, please feel free to place your order via our toll free number: 1-800-978-9468. If you have further questions about ironhorsehelmets.com's privacy policy or have other comments on how we can improve the Iron Horse Helmets shopping experience, please do not hesitate to email our customer service email address. We always enjoy hearing from you! Thank you for shopping with us.
Sincerely,
The Iron Horse Helmets Team
×
×
OK