https://www.bluechipunlimited.com/privacy/
Home
Privacy
We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Blue Chip Unlimited, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Do We Share the Information We Receive? We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider.
What Personal Information About Customers Does 7Leon Gather? The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Blue Chip Unlimited. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and sometimes store information you enter on our Web site. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you. Please note that we never ever store credit card information on our site nor will we ever provide your account information to any third party vendor.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
What About Cookies? Cookies are alphanumeric identifier text files that we transfer to your computers hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits.
Which Information Can I Access?Blue Chip Unlimited gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to visit BlueChipUnlimited.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of our local state. If you have any concern about privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the "Contact" link on the top or bottom menu, and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Information You Give Us You provide most such information when you search, buy, order, post reviews, or other methods of communication via our website or email to Blue Chip Unlimited. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone numbers.
Questions Questions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the Contact link in the top menu.
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address
Blue Chip Unlimited we have Wedding Rings - Wedding Ring Sets - Matching Wedding bands - Tungsten Rings - Titanium Rings