http://www.airalert.com/en/tmt-sports-privacy-policy.html
Privacy & Refund Policy
Court Controller Dribbling MaskPlaying In The Zone
Basketball Programs - Air Alert vertical jump training, Court Controller basketball dribbling goggle
Privacy Policy
We respect the data privacy of all Air Alert users, Court Controller users and customers of TMT Sports. We do not and will not sell or transmit your personal information (email and address) to any third party vendor. You don't need additional emails trying to sell you something you don't need.
Court Controller Refund Policy
The Court Controller basketball dribbling mask is scientifically proven. And logically, the Court Controller is failsafe. In other words, it works! But if you feel it hasn't helped you in 30 days of regular use, then send us a message and we'll refund your money!
Air Alert Refund Policy
Air Alert has been on the market for over 25 years and still remains the number 1 vertical jump program. Use the program as written and if you don't see the progress you've been hoping for, then send us a message and we'll refund your money!
Fitness/Skill Results Disclaimer
The Air Alert vertical jump program and Court Controller heads up basketball dribbling mask are basketball training devices designed to improve strength and skills of basketball players.  TMT Sports guarantees results and satisfaction for all athletes or a refund will be provided for those requesting such. TMT Sports does not guarantee that all results will be the same for each individual athlete and that improvements will vary from athlete to athlete.
As with any fitness activity involving repetitive motion, to include the Air Alert vertical jump program, there is always the possibility that injuries may occur to the athlete such as muscle pulls, strained ligaments and tendons or other related injuries. Therefore, TMT Sports assumes no responsibility or liability in the event that injury does occur to the athlete during the use of this program.
TMT Sports recommends that you consult your physician as to which exercises you can safely do with regards to your present physical condition.
Athletes with knee, cardiovascular or breathing problems should avoid using the program or consult physician before starting.
back to top
About TMT Sports
TMT Sports, founded in February, 1991 by Timur Tukel, operates out of Charlotte, NC. TMT Sports produces 2 basketball products designed to greatly improve a player's playing ability.
Air Alert: The Complete Vertical Jump Program continues to be the number 1 jump training program used by athletes around the world. And the Court Controller heads up dribbling mask is the number 1 choice for helping players improve basketball dribbling skills.
Contact
TMT Sports4242 Windemere LaneCharlotte, NC 28211
Email: service@airalert.com
Submit Question: contact form
Contact TMT SportsPrivacy & Refund PolicyTMT Sports Affiliate Program