http://www.saharasmoke.com/store/terms-privacy
Sahara Smoke
Hookahs
big boy hookahs
sahara hookahs
modern hookahs
Executive Hookahs
Small Hookahs
Shisha
Starbuzz Shisha
Al Fakher Shisha
Herbal Shisha
Other Shisha
Charcoal
Sahara Smoke Charcoal
All Charcoals
Accessories
Sahara Vortex Hookah Bowls
Other Hookah Bowls
Starbuzz Heat Management
Hookah Stems
Hookah Hoses
Glass Hookah Vases
Hookah Parts & Pieces
More Accessories
Clearance
Wholesale
customize your hookah
account
sign in
shopping cart
search:
Terms & Privacy
Shipping & Returns
Hookah Warranty
OVERVIEW
The following rules and regulations apply to all visitors to or users of the Sahara Smoke Co. Web Site, the home page of which is at https://www.SaharaSmoke.com. By using this Web site, you agree to be bound by these rules and regulations, as they may be modified by Sahara Smoke Co. at any time and posted on this web site. In the event of a violation of these rules and regulations, Sahara Smoke Co. reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity.
LIMITED LICENSE
Sahara Smoke Co. Web Site and all of its “Materials”, including, but not limited to, its software or HTML code, scripts, text, artwork, photographs, and images are protected by copyright laws and other U.S. and international laws and treaties. All Materials are provided by Sahara Smoke Co. as a service to its current and prospective customers and may be used only for personal informational and product ordering purposes and only if you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the Materials. No right, title or interest in our Materials is conveyed to you This is a limited license, not a transfer of title to our Materials, and such license is subject to the following restrictions: (a) you may not copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, post, modify, create derivative works from, sell, license or otherwise exploit this site or any of its Materials without our prior written permission; (b) you may not access or use the Sahara Smoke Co. Web Site for any competitive or commercial purpose; and (c) you will not permit any copying of our Materials. Any unauthorized copying, alteration, distribution, transmission, performance, display, or other use of these Materials is prohibited. Sahara Smoke Co. may revoke this limited license at any time for any or no reason. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by Sahara Smoke Co.
LINKING
Periodically, links may be established from this web site to one or more external web sites or resources operated by “Third Parties Sites”. These links are provided for your convenience only. In addition, certain Third Party Sites also may provide links to the Sahara Smoke Co. Web Site. None of such links should be deemed to imply that Sahara Smoke Co. endorses the Third Party Sites or any content therein.
Sahara Smoke Co. does not control and is not responsible or liable for any Third Party Sites or any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such Third Party Sites. Access to any Third Party Sites is at your own risk and Sahara Smoke Co. will have no liability arising out of or related to such web sites and/or their content or for any damages or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with any purchase, use of or reliance on any such content, goods, or services available on or through any such Third Party Site.
JURISDICTION
Sahara Smoke Co. controls this Web Site from its offices within the State of Georgia . Sahara Smoke Co. does not imply that the materials published on this Web Site are appropriate for use outside of the United States . If you access this Web Site from outside of the United States , you access it on your own initiative and you are responsible for compliance with local laws. The terms of this Web Site shall be governed by the laws of the state of Georgia , without giving effect to its conflict of laws provisions. You must be 18 years or older to purchase tobacco products.
COMMUNICATIONS
Sahara Smoke Co. shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this web site for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. Any personally identifiable information you provide to Sahara Smoke Co. through the Web Site shall be subject to the Web Site’s Privacy & Security Policy.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event will Sahara Smoke Co. be liable to any party for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages for use of this site or any other hyperlinked web sites including, without limitation, lost profits or revenues, replacement costs, business interruptions, loss of data or damages resulting from use of or reliance on the information present even if Sahara Smoke Co. is expressly advised about the possibility of such damages. In some jurisdictions, limitations of liability are not permitted. In such jurisdictions, the foregoing limitations on liability may not apply to you.
REVISIONS
Sahara Smoke Co. may terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this Web Site, including the availability of any features of the site, at any time and without notice. Sahara Smoke Co. also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of these terms in whole or in part, at any time and without notice. Sahara Smoke Co. may terminate the authorization, rights and license given above at any time and without notice. Your continued use of this Web Site after any changes to these terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
Shipping rates are determined according to the weight of the items ordered as well as the dimensions of the package required to ship all item(s). Your total shipping charges will be automatically computed during checkout prior to the completion of the order. At checkout you can choose from the various delivery options for your location.
Smaller Items such as tongs, ball bearings, etc. will be shipped via USPS.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Sahara Smoke Co. collects client information to make your online shopping experience the very best on the Internet. We respect your privacy, and we assure you that we will use this information responsibly.
GENERAL BROWSING:
SaharaSmoke.com gathers navigational information about where you go on our Web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site and services (i.e. time to connect to our web site, time to download pages). This information allows us to see which areas of SaharaSmoke.com are most visited and helps us better understand our customers' experience at SaharaSmoke.com. This helps us improve the quality of visitors' online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. Additional non-personally identifiable information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding your use of our Web site (such as the time of your last visit to a page on our site).
COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We collect information from you that you provide to us at this site when you establish or update an account, enter a contest, shop online, purchase and send an e-gift certificate, or request information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, recipient's e-mail address, telephone number and credit card information). This information is used to enable SaharaSmoke.com to deliver products or requests that you have ordered or created, to contact you or the recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties, to respond to your inquiries and to deliver services and information about our products or web site to you, including adding you to our mailing list.
If you are visiting SaharaSmoke.com from a location outside of the U.S.A. , your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S.A. Your orders placed through SaharaSmoke.com will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the U.S.A. and all information you provide will be maintained in our Web servers and/or internal systems located within the U.S.A. , and protected as noted in this privacy policy.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site, or the public.
If you purchase merchandise through SaharaSmoke.com or if you are added to our wholesale catalogue mailing list, your name and mailing address will be added to the Sahara Smoke Co. Wholesale Catalogue mailing list and database. This information is not distributed to third parties.
UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. To do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information including billing and shipping information by logging into Your Account.
LINKS:
For your convenience, our Web site may contain links to other sites. Sahara Smoke Co. is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such web sites.
SAHARA SMOKE CO. E-MAIL:
Sahara Smoke Co. E-Mail allows you to receive exclusive information including special offers, coupons, new products and much more. If you're not already registered, simply complete our sign up form to receive these special messages. If at any time you would like to stop future delivery of Sahara Smoke Co. E-Mail, please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message or complete the unsubscribe from e-mail form. Asking to be removed from Sahara Smoke Co. E-Mail will not prevent you from receiving e-mail confirmations for any online order you place at SaharaSmoke.com.
APPLICABILITY OF PRIVACY STATEMENT:
This privacy policy statement applies only to the information collected online at SaharaSmoke.com.
QUESTIONS/CHANGES IN POLICY:
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy & Security Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy & Security Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy & Security Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about SaharaSmoke.com.
SECURITY STATEMENT:
SaharaSmoke.com takes the following types of security measures: use of technologies and policies including limited access data-centers, firewall technology, secure certificate authentication and limitations of administrative access to our systems. In addition, it is our policy not to send your credit card number via e-mail. This is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities.
We designed SaharaSmoke.com to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology; for example, 3.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator and versions 3.02 or higher of Internet Explorer. This means you should not be able to inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection.
While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible on the internet.
Since 2002, Sahara Smoke has pioneered the art of and shisha tobacco. SaharaSmoke.com offers a wide selection of custom hookahs, hookah tobacco, hookah coals, and hookah accessories. Our award winning customer service department is available to answer any and all questions that you may have concerning our hookah pipes. Sahara Smoke is your one stop shop for all your Hookah needs featuring hookah hoses, vortex bowls, and many more amazing hookah parts and products. Browse through our huge selection of hookahs and hookah tobacco to see the master craftsmanship that goes into every product. You will see hookahs in a completely new light.
US 866.208.1339
hookahpedia
privacy & terms
about us
contact us
videos
blog
sitemap
newsletter
© SSC. 2017
Sahara Smoke Help