https://www.pcpools.com/service/terms/
Skip to Main Content
Register | Login
Quick Order
Shopping Cart 0 Items
pcpools.com
customerservice@pcpools.com
Item Added to Cart
Pool Supplies
Pools
Above Ground Pools
Above Ground Pool Equipment Packages
Pool Liners
Above Ground Pool Liners
Overlap Pool Liners
Beaded Pool Liners
Uni-bead/J-Hook Pool Liners
Expandable Pool Liners
On Ground Pool Liners
Above Ground Pool Liner Accessories
In Ground Pool Liners (Custom)
In Ground Pool Liner Accessories
Equipment
Above Ground Pool Equipment Packages
Automatic Pool Cleaners
Above Ground Automatic Pool Cleaners
In Ground Automatic Pool Cleaners
Pool Cleaning Supplies
Pool Paint
Pool Heaters
Above Ground Pool Heaters
In Ground Pool Heaters
Solar Pool Heaters
Above Ground Solar Pool Heaters
In Ground Solar Pool Heaters
Pool Heater Accessories
Pool Steps, Pool Ladders & Pool Decks
Above Ground Pool Steps & Pool Ladders
Above Ground Pool Ladders
Above Ground Pool Steps
In Ground Pool Steps & Pool Ladders
Pool Decking & Fencing
Pool Steps, Pool Ladders & Fence Accessories
Pool Pump & Filter Systems
Above Ground Pool Pump & Filters
In Ground Pool Pump & Filters
Filter Cartridges
Filter Accessories
Pool Slides
Diving Boards
Pool Lights & Accessories
Pool Lights
Pool Alarms & Safety Products
Fountains
Chemicals
Chlorine/Bromine/Pool Shock
Chemical Packages
Season Pool Chemical Packages
Spring Start Up Pool Chemical Packages
Winterizing Pool Chemical Packages
Specialty Pool Chemicals
Algaecides
Clairifiers and Cleaners
Water Balancing Chemicals
Chlorine/Bromine Feeders
Pool Water Testing
Pool Covers
Winter Pool Covers
Above Ground Winter Pool Covers
In Ground Winter Pool Covers
Safety Pool Covers
Safety Pool Covers
Solar Pool Covers & Reels
Above Ground Solar Pool Covers & Reels
In Ground Solar Pool Covers & Reels
Spa & Saunas
Saunas
Spas & Accessories
Spa Covers
Spa Chemicals
Sports & Toys
Indoor Games
Arcade Games
Air Hockey
Dart Boards
Foosball Soccer Tables
Multi-Game Tables
Pool Tables
Shuffleboard
Table Tennis
Outdoor Games
Pool Toys & Floating Loungers
Floating Chairs & Loungers
Toys & Inflatables
Toddler Toys & Swim Aides
Water Fitness
Inflatable Winter Toys
Water Sports
Outdoor Living
Patio Umbrellas
Backyard Décor
Customer Service
FAQ
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Order Status
Quick Order
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Fax or Phone Orders
Share
Email
Print Page
Recently Viewed
You have not viewed any products recently.
Home . Customer Service . Terms of Use
Terms Of Use
This website –www.pcpools.com (the "Site") is being made available to you free-of-charge.  The terms "you", "your", and "yours" refer to anyone accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Site.  The terms "Pc Pools.com", "we", "us", and "our" refer to Pc Pools, its affiliates and subsidiaries.  We reserve the right to change the nature of this relationship at any time and to revise these Terms and Conditions from time to time as we see fit.  As such, you should check these Terms and Conditions periodically.  Changes will not apply to any orders we have already accepted unless the law requires.  If you violate any of the terms of these Terms and Conditions you will have your access canceled and you may be permanently banned from accessing, viewing, browsing and using the Site.  Your accessing, viewing, browsing and/or using the Site after we post changes to these Terms and Conditions constitutes your acceptance and agreement to those changes, whether or not you actually reviewed them.  At the bottom of this page, we will notify you of the date these Terms and Conditions were last updated.
Entering the Site will constitute your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.  If you do not agree to abide by these terms, please do not enter the Site.
ABOUT US
This Site is operated by Pc Pools.  We are a company incorporated in Minnesota and our principal place of business is located at 2015 Rice Street, Suite 50 Saint
Paul, MN 55113,
USA.
DISCRIMINATION
We do not discriminate on the basis of age, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation or religion.
PRIVACY
Please review our Privacy Policy which also governs your visit to the Site.  To the extent there is a conflict between the terms of the Privacy and Security Policy and the Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions shall govern.
COPYRIGHT
You acknowledge that the Site may contain information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material (collectively "Content") that are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, rights in databases and/or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed.  All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws, and we own a copyright and/or database right in the selection, coordination, arrangement, presentment and enhancement of such Content.  You may not modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, create derivative works from or adaptations of, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part.  If no specific restrictions are displayed, you may make copies of select portions of the Content, provided that the copies are made only for your personal use and that you maintain any notices contained in the Content, such as all copyright notices, trademark legends, or other proprietary rights notices.  Except as provided in the preceding sentence or as permitted by the fair use privilege under the U.S. copyright laws (see, e.g., 17 U.S.C. Section 107), your legal rights in relation to "fair dealing" under European copyright law, or your legal rights under any other similar copyright law, you may not upload, post, reproduce, or distribute in any way Content protected by copyright, or other proprietary right, without obtaining permission of the owner of the copyright or other propriety right.
Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use the Site or any information displayed on the Site, through the use of framing, deep linking or otherwise, except: (a) as expressly permitted by these Terms and Conditions; or (b) with our prior written permission or the prior written permission from such third party that may own the trademark or copyright of information displayed on the Site.
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
We rely on a network of independent affiliates, subsidiaries, agents, third-party product providers, third-party Content providers, vendors, suppliers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors and the like (collectively, "Associates") who supply some of the goods advertised on the Site and, in some cases, drop ship them directly to our customers. It is our policy to disable access to infringing materials, and to terminate access of repeat infringers to the Site.
TRADEMARKS
Pc Pools and other marks which may or may not be designated on the Site by a "™" "®" "SM" or other similar designation, are registered, pending or unregistered trademarks or service marks of Pc Pools, in the United States and other countries.  Our graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names are trademarks or trade dress of Pc Pools.  Pc Pools trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Pc Pools', in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Pc Pools.  All other trademarks not owned by us that appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Pc Pools.
SITE ACCESS
You may not download (other than page caching) or modify the Site or any portion of it without our express, prior written consent.  This includes: a prohibition on any resale or commercial use of the Site or its Content; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use or making adaptations of the Site or its Content; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; and any use of data mining, screen-scraping, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The Site or any portion of the Site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express, prior written consent.  You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Pc Pools or its Associates without our express, prior written consent.  You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or trademarks without our express, prior written consent.
YOUR ACCOUNT
If you use the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you submit through "My Account" and the corresponding password and for restricting access to your computer.  You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under "My Account" or password. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts and to remove or edit content submitted by you in the "My Account" area of the Site.
EXPORT
The U.S. export control laws regulate the export and re-export of technology originating in the United States.  This includes the electronic transmission of information and software to foreign countries and to certain foreign nationals. You agree to abide by these laws and their regulations.
LINKS
We are not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or from the Site or any bulletin board associated with us or the Site.  These links are provided for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk.  Unless otherwise noted, any other website accessed from the Site are independent from us, and we have no control over the content of that other website.  In addition, a link to any other web site does not imply that we endorse or accept any responsibility for the content or use of such other website.
In no event shall any reference to any third party or third party product or service be construed as our approval or endorsement of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.
DISCLAIMERS AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
The Site is provided on an "AS IS," "as available" basis.  Neither Pc Pools, nor its Associates warrant that use of the Site will be uninterrupted or error-free.  Neither Pc Pools, nor its Associates warrant the accuracy, integrity, or completeness of the Content provided on the Site or the products or services offered for sale on the Site.  Further, Pc Pools makes no representation that Content provided on the Site is applicable or appropriate for use in locations outside of the United
States.  Pc Pools specifically disclaims warranties of any kind, whether expressed or implied, including but not limited to warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability or warranties of fitness for a particular purpose.  No oral advice or written information given by Pc Pools or its Associates shall create a warranty.  You expressly agree that your access to, viewing of, browsing, visiting or use of the Site is at your sole risk.
Under no circumstances shall Pc Pools or its Associates be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use the Site, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained at the Site, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction or unauthorized access to Pc Pools records, programs or services.  The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply whether in an action at law, including but not limited to contract, negligence, or other tortious action; or an action in equity, even if an authorized representative of Pc Pools has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages.  You hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all Content, merchandise and services available through the Site.  Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Although we take steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of product and third-party service descriptions posted on the Site, please refer to the manufacturer or Associates for details.
The products on our Site are intended for personal, not commercial or business use, unless otherwise indicated.  As such, you assume the risk when purchasing products for a commercial or business use or application.
ONLINE CONDUCT
You agree to use the Site only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through the Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racial, ethnic, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that is or that encourages fraudulent activity or encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, federal, or international law. You agree not to harass, advocate harassment, or to engage in any conduct that is abusive to any person or entity. You are prohibited from sending or otherwise posting unauthorized commercial communications (such as spam) through the Site. If we are notified of or suspect allegedly infringing, defamatory, damaging, illegal, or offensive User Content provided by you (e.g., through an author chat or online review), we may (but without any obligation) investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of such User Content from the Site. We may disclose any User Content or electronic communication of any kind (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Site; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Pc Pools, its Associates, our users and customers and/or you.
We reserve the right to prohibit conduct, communication, or Content that we deem in our sole discretion to be unlawful or harmful to you, the Site, Site users, our customers or any rights of Pc Pools or any third party.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Pc Pools nor its Associates can ensure prompt removal of questionable Content after online posting.  Accordingly, neither Pc Pools, nor its Associates assume any liability for any action or inaction with respect to conduct, communication, or Content on the Site.
YOUR USER CONTENT POSTED ON THE SITE
For any information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds, and other material (collectively "User Content"), sent, transmitted, or uploaded by you on the Site, you agree to grant (i) us and our respective contractors and business partners a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, fully paid up, worldwide license in perpetuity to use, copy, publicly perform, digitally perform, publicly display, and distribute such User Content and to prepare derivative works based on, or incorporate into other works, such User Content, with or without attribution; and (ii) subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms and Conditions, all users an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free license and right to use such User Content for each user's personal, non-commercial use. You understand that all your User Content may be visible to, sent to, and viewed by all other users of the Site, and you expressly waive any privacy rights you may otherwise have to your User Content. You agree to allow us, if we elect in our sole discretion, to email your User Content to other users.
You are solely responsible for your User Content and for the resolution of any disputes that arise between you and any other entity or individual because of your User Content. You agree not to post, upload, or transmit any User Content that violates the intellectual property rights of any third party including: copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, publicity or privacy rights, or any other proprietary right of any party. You understand and agree that we do not monitor but reserve the right to review and delete any User Content for any or no reason, including but not limited to User Content that, in our sole discretion, (i) violates these Terms and Conditions, (ii) is offensive or illegal, or (iii) may harm, violate the rights of or threaten the safety of any User and/or any other individual or entity.
YOUR CONSENT FOR NOTICES WE SEND YOU
You agree that we have the right to send you certain information in connection with the Site. We may send you this and any other information in electronic form to the e-mail address you specified when you created an account through the Site or with any subdivisions of the Site. You may have the right to withdraw this consent under applicable law, but if you do, we may cancel your rights to the Site. Notices provided to you via e-mail will be deemed given and received on the transmission date of the e-mail. As long as you access and use the Site, you agree that you will have, or have access to, the necessary software and hardware to receive such notices. If you do not consent to receive any notices electronically, you agree to stop using or accessing the Site.
TERMINATION OF USAGE
We may terminate your access or suspend your right to access to all or part of the Site, without notice, for any conduct that we, in our sole discretion, believe is in violation of any applicable law, is in breach of these Terms and Conditions or is harmful to the interests of other users, Associates, or us. In addition, we reserve the right to refuse an order from any customer in our sole discretion.
USAGE BY MINORS
This Site is not intended for or directed to persons who are minors (typically persons under the age of 18, depending on where you live).  Because we cannot prohibit minors from accessing, viewing, browsing, visiting or using the Site, we must rely on parents, guardians and those responsible for supervising minors to decide which materials are appropriate for minors to view and/or purchase.  By registering with this Site, purchasing products from us or providing us with any information, you represent to us that you are legally permitted to enter into a binding contract (18 years of age or older in most jurisdictions) or, if you are under the legal age of consent, you have the express permission from your parent or guardian and that any information you provide to us is not inaccurate, deceptive or misleading.
We require that all purchases be made either (i) by individuals who are not minors and who can legally enter into binding contracts (typically persons 18 years of age or older, depending on where you live), or (ii) by minors with the permission of a parent or guardian to purchase items on the Site.
APPLICABLE LAW
If you access the Site from anywhere in the United States or Canada, you agree that the laws of the State of Minnesota, USA, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Pc Pools and/or its Associates.
DISPUTES
If you access the Site from within the United States or Canada, any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site, to these Terms and Conditions, to our Privacy and Security Policy, to our advertising or solicitation practices or to products you purchase through the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Saint Paul, MN, USA, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Pc Pools's intellectual property rights, Pc Pools may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Minnesota, USA and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts.  Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association.  The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION AND SEVERABILITY
Please review our other policies, such as our Privacy and Security Policy, Returns Policy, Shipping & Delivery Policy and others, all of which are incorporated herein by this reference and are posted on the Site and may be accessed by using the Search Help function on this page.  These policies also govern your visit to the Site.  We reserve the right to make changes to the Site, policies, and these Terms and Conditions at any time.  If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
HOW TO ORDER THROUGH THE SITE
After placing an order, you will receive an email from us acknowledging that we have received your order ("Order Confirmation"). Please note that this does not mean that your order has been accepted. Your order constitutes an offer to us to buy a product.  All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email confirming the shipment of your order (the "Shipping Confirmation"). A contract with us will only be formed when we send you the Shipping Confirmation.  The contract will relate only to those products whose shipment we have confirmed in the Shipping Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other products which may have been part of your order in a separate Order Confirmation.  We reserve the right to cancel your order at any time before we have accepted it and we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order where there has been an obvious error in price or where the product is no longer in our or our third party  fulfillment provider’s inventory.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS
Prices and availability of products on the Site are subject to change without notice.  Errors will be corrected when discovered.  Our Site contains a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed on our Site may be incorrectly priced. We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the Product to you.  If a product’s correct price is higher than the price stated on our Site, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection. We are under no obligation to provide the product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you an Order Confirmation or a Shipping Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognized by you as a pricing error.
On occasion, you may be able to place a product in your shopping cart and submit your order for processing, but your order is subsequently cancelled due to unavailability of product.  You acknowledge that products may sell quickly and there may be a short period of time after an order has been submitted, but where the product is no longer available.  You agree that we may cancel your order after you have received an Order Confirmation without penalty.
On very rare occasions, you may receive a Shipping Confirmation from us, but the product is no longer available in our or our third party fulfillment provider’s inventory.  You agree that we may rescind our acceptance and cancel your order without penalty if we are unable to ship the product you ordered due to unavailability.
NOTICE TO SITE USERS ON COLLECTION OF TAX AND USER WAIVER OF DAMAGES OWING TO ERROR IN CALCULATION OF TAX
In states where we have no physical presence, we are not required to collect and remit sales tax for Site purchases. However, many states require that their residents file a sales or use tax return for items purchased on this Site. You should consult your state and local tax laws to determine compliance with tax laws and regulations in your area. In some states we collect and remit sales tax. For those purchases where sales tax is applicable you will see the tax calculated on the checkout page before you are asked to confirm the purchase. We use reasonable commercial efforts to calculate and remit the correct amount of tax required on each taxable purchase, but we do not guarantee the accuracy of the amount of the tax we represent to you as the tax owed. Minor errors may occur owing to the inability to accurately track multiple taxing districts, state and local "tax holidays," the timing of rate changes or the application of certain taxes to categories of items we sell. As a result of any error, we may over collect or under collect your tax. In consideration of our allowing you access to and use of the Site, and in collecting and remitting taxes required on your purchases, you hereby waive your right to claim that the tax collected on any purchase is incorrect in any respect and agree to hold harmless Pc Pools, its officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives, for any harm or other damages you may incur as a result of our error in calculating the taxes you owe for your purchases.
SHIPPING
The term shipping or ship includes the commencement of shipping items in an order for multiple purchases or where the item purchased consists of components that must be shipped separately.  For example, your order may consist of (1) several different items, (2) a quantity of the same item, or, (3) a single item with several component parts the size of which might require them to be shipped in separate packages.  In all such orders, we endeavor to ship out individual packages together so that they arrive at the same time; however, when that is not possible, we commence shipping by shipping individual packages in the order the soonest they are available and conditions permit.  In these instances, our notification to you that your order has ³shipped,² marks the time when shipping has commenced; it does not mean that all items in the order have shipped at that time.  All packages sent have a separate tracking number and may be followed on the Order Status page. You agree that credit cards and debit cards are to be charged on the date of inventory reservation for the order, not the date of shipping.
RISK OF LOSS
All items purchased from Pc Pools are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon tender of the item to the carrier.
These Terms and Conditions are made effective as of January 2011.
Search
Expert Advice
About Us
News
Testimonials
Resources
Blog
Pool Library
Manufacturer Contact Info
Glossary
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping Information
Fax or Phone Orders
Return Policy
FAQ
Quick Order
Track Order
Departments
Pools
Pool Liners
Equipment & Supplies
Chemicals
Solar
Pool Covers
Sports & toys
Spa & Saunas
Outdoor Living
Follow Us On
Trusted Site
©2020 pcpools.com. All Rights Reserved
Privacy Policy |
Terms Of Use |
Site Map |
Commercial
Website Development and Design by AmericanEagle.com