http://www.cosplaysupplies.com/policies
CosplaySupplies.com -- Policies
1-888-886-9386
F.A.Q.'s
Shipping
Policies
Contact Us
Blog
Tutorials
L200 Foam
Worbla
Shop!
(tips)
Shopping Cart
Empty
Plastics Craft Materials Costumes Licensed Costumes Costume Accessories Sewing Materials Makeup Prosthetics Wigs Footwear Props Themes, Occasions and Festivities Line Gift Certificates Specials
Policies
About Us
Cosplay Supplies Inc. strives to offer a diverse range of products for all your costuming, craft, and sewing needs. If you have any questions, suggestions, or comments, we would love to hear from you at orders@cosplaysupplies.com.
Ordering Process
When placing an order it will automatically be verified by our system and a confirmation email will be sent to you (please check your spam folders in case it gets redirected there). We highly recommend you add “orders@cosplaysupplies.com” and emails from UPS/FEDEX to your email safe list so you don’t miss important updates regarding your order! In special cases where an item needs to be special ordered, or shipping calculated manually, the order will be forwarded to our team and we will respond back to you with next steps for completing your order.
Currency
For US and Canadian customers you will be charged in the native currency shown in your cart. For international customers, charges will be in US dollars. If your card is in another currency, the charge will be converted from USD to your local currency by your card issuer. We do not have control over the exchange rate used by your credit card company.
Payment Methods:
Credit Cards: We accept Visa and Mastercard payments directly online, by phone, email or fax.
PayPal: Use the automated Paypal checkout process to complete your order. Paypal has been known to be a bit slower to process in certain cases, depending on which payment method you used.
Bank Transfer/Interac: For Canadian customers, if you have an account at a participating banking institution, you can send an Interac Email Money Transfer through their Web Banking services. Please log into your bank account and request an Email Money Transfer to dani@cosplaysupplies.com for the full order amount. You will be asked to setup a security question. Don't forget to email us the answer.
Money order, draft or cheque by mail: Email us at orders@cosplaysupplies.com indicating you would like to pay by mail and we will send you detailed instructions on how to proceed. Your order will be processed when the cheque clears.
Duties and other fees
USA and International customers will not be charged tax.
Canadian customers will be charged GST or HST based on their province of residence.
There are no customs fees or duties on orders to USA and CANADA, and no extra taxes besides what's shown in your shopping cart.
Some customers may see a small secondary fee on their credit card or paypal statement. This is a conversion fee from your bank that we do not have control over. We never charge you additionally once you check out.
Please see our Frequently Asked Questions regarding Importing Duties and Taxes for other countries.
Delivery Standards
While we do our best to get orders out in a timely manner (with the exception of special order items), we do not offer guarantees for processing time and delivery dates. Delivery estimates provided by our shipping partners are fairly accurate, but should a package be delivered a little later than scheduled we do not offer a refund.
If you require your items by a specific date please communicate that with us before/at the time of ordering so we can evaluate if an express shipping option is necessary. See our FAQ for more information on our deliver standards.
Guarantee and Returns Policy
We take great care when preparing orders, and look for products of the best possible quality. Exchanges will be processed on the event of delivering the wrong item, or delivering a damaged item, and only apply towards the same original item. No exchanges for different products, no cash refunds, and no refund of shipping charges. While we do our best in looking for a delivery service to match your needs, we won't accept returns due to shipments missing a deadline.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will back order it for you and deliver when available. You will be notified if the wait is longer than 3 business days for the next expected restock, and given the option to cancel the item if you would rather not wait.
Billing and Shopping Cart Calculation Errors
Despite our best efforts when designing this system, calculation errors may appear. If an order is grossly undervalued due to a database or calculation error, we reserve the right to cancel it, even if it has been fully paid for. We will give you the option to cancel and refund your order in this case.
Availability
Our goal is to keep availability information on the site as accurate and up-to-date as possible. Due to items being located at different warehouses, sometimes we may be out of stock of an item at the warehouses closest to you. There is a chance (particularly with items marked as Low Stock) that an item may become unavailable after an order is accepted. For all cases where there is a stock issue, our team will notify you and explore alternatives.
Credit Card Security
We follow the guidelines setup by the Credit Card issuers. See www.paypal.com for details on their privacy and security.
Privacy Policy
Cosplay Supplies Inc does not disclose buyers' information to third parties.
We monitor website traffic using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
Social Networks, like Facebook and Twitter, provide social buttons and similar features which we use on our website – such as the “Like” and “Tweet” buttons.
To do so we embed code that they provide and we do not control ourselves. To function their buttons generally know if you’re logged in; for example Facebook use this to say “x of your friends like this”. We do not have any access to that information, nor can we control how those networks use it.
Social networks therefore could know that you’re viewing this website, if you use their services (that isn’t to say they do, but their policies may change). As our website is remarkably inoffensive we imagine this is not a concern for most users.
When you place an order with us we will record specific personal information about you, such as your name and email address.We will also collect and store information about your use of our services so as to improve them. For example, we keep a log of what features are being used.We also log account and transaction history for accounting purposes, and to monitor our business activities.
We may send you email notifications regarding your service (such as invoices) or which you have specifically requested (such as newsletters or notifications when a report is completed). You have the ability to opt out of any of this communication at any time.
We will never provide your personal information or email address to any third parties except where they are specifically employed to help deliver our own services, like payment processing companies or courier services.
We use a variety of payment providers to bill for our products online. These companies will have access to your personal and payment information. When paying by credit card, we themselves do not have any access to your credit card details.
The third parties we use are Moneris (to process credit cards) and PayPal (to process credit cards and accept payment via PayPal).
We share information with these companies only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing payments you make via our website.
Our company takes many precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. These precautions include:
Use of SSL encryption for sensitive data
Hardware stored in secured datacentres behind firewalls
All access to information restricted by password and/or secure key
Restrictions to what information can be accessed via any location
While we take great care to ensure any confidential information remains protected we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time, particularly as technology changes. You can always check this page for the latest version. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.