http://www.i-pets.com/help.html
Home
Specials
Quick Order
View Cart
i-Pets Home > Help and information about i-pets.com
Shop For Pet Supplies
USA RAWHIDE
RAWHIDE TREATS
USA PIG EARS
USA DEER ANTLERS
DOG TOYS
CAT TOYS
PET SUPPLIES
HOLIDAY TREATS
SPECIALS
Pet Fun
Customers Photos
Customers comments
USA braided rawhide
USA heavy weight rawhide bones
USA rawhide dog bones
USA rawhide chip chews
USA rawhide donut
chews
USA rawhide retriever rolls
USA Holiday rawhide
Rawhide twist chews
Pressed rawhide chews
Crunchy / munchy rawhide treats & novelties
Rawhide Chompin' Chips
Pork hide treats
Combo wrap treats
Fruits & Veggies
Minty dental chews
Bully Sticks
Canvas toys
Plush toys
Tennis ball toys
Vinyl toys
Cloth Toys
Rubber toys
Rope toys
Floating toys
Latex toys
Dog grooming
Cat grooming
USA Holiday rawhide
Christmas stockings and gifts
Rawhide candy canes
Holiday bones
Holiday munchy chews
Holiday rawhide treats
Pet Toys for the Holidays
pets blogfacebooktwitterpinterist
Learn About...
China imports
SHIPPING
Only $6.00 on any size order.
We do not ship to Alaska,
Hawaii, or APO addresses.
FREE SHIPPING
on any delivery to Animal Rescue Group or
Animal Welfare Agency.
E-mail us for coupon code
What Others Say
About i-Pets.com
"I have been ordering from you for about 7 years. I LOVE you new site!!! Thank you for offering quality USA rawhide and a good price. I also very much like your flat rate shipping. That is what keeps me coming back."
~ ~ Sarah
"I love this company and the products I've ordered so far. The shipping was incredibly fast and the product line is fantastic. I'm recommending you to all my friends! "
~ ~ Maria
" I'm soooo happy to have found your site. After I got my dog, I heard that rawhide that was from other countries could have many impurities that were unhealthy for dogs. I searched to find someone who could offer rawhide from the US. If not for your site, I would not let my dog have rawhides. Since I feel so comfortable with your USA rawhide, I've decided to try the imported rawhide from your site, because I trust the products that you offer. THANK YOU!!! "
~ ~ JoAnn
See more customer comments
Help and information about i-pets.com
NOTE: Do to the COVID-19 pandemic, shipping and delivery of orders will take few extra days. We would also like to add that during this time, requests such as thin chips, small chips, single rolls, or any other type of requests may not be fulfilled. Please email ale@petfactory.com to check after placing your order. We thank you for your patience and support! Stay Healthy!
Sincerely, the I-Pets Team.
Do you have a question
about Internet Pet Supplies (www.i-pets.com)?
Do you want to know about our privacy policy?
Do you have questions about cookies or bones or chews?
www.i-pets.com ~ Questions and Answers
Internet Pet Supplies has been selling the highest quality
rawhide pet treat products and pet supplies on the Internet since 1998.
We've received many e-mails on a wide variety of topics. The following
are some of the most common questions we've been asked:
Shopping:
How do I place an order?
How do I order off-line?
Shipping:
How much does shipping cost?
How can I have my order shipped?
How long does shipping take?
Can I have an order shipped to a different
address?
Do you ship internationally?
Do you ship to Alaska and Hawaii?
Payment:
How do I pay for my order?
Do you charge sales tax?
Products:
Is rawhide bad for dogs?
Can my dog choke on rawhide?
What about storage?
Where are the products made?
Are chemical used to make your rawhide?
Do you guarantee your products?
General:
Who is Internet Pet Supplies?
How do I contact you?
How do I get my pet's picture on your web site?
Privacy Statement:
Security
How do I place an order?
If you know what you want and don't need to see pictures,
use our "Quick Order"
page.
This page lists all Internet Pet Supplies products and their stock
numbers.
If you'd like to see pictures and descriptions of available
products, use our left hand menu bar. There, you will see Internet Pet Supplies products sorted into
categories. Just click a category, or any product name, to go to that
particular page.
You can view your shopping cart at any time by clicking
on "View
Cart".
You can also delete items from your cart at any time.
When you have made all your selections click on "Checkout".
You will then be asked to enter your billing address and shipping address.
You will be able to add a gift message at that time if you are having
the order shipped to someone else.
After doing this you will be asked to finalize your shipping
method and enter your credit card number.
The check-out page is secure.
You will receive an e-mail confirmation of your order and
a printable receipt for your records.
How do I order off-line?
If your browser will not take you to the secure order form,
and you are using a computer at work to access the internet, please
check your employer's policy on internet usage.
You may be locked out
to prevent you from shopping on company time!
You can call (800) 468-3315 to order by phone.
SHIPPING
How much does shipping cost?
Shipping on any order, of any size, is $6.00 to any of the
48 contiguous states in the USA. The shipping cost is automatically
added for you at check-out.
How can I have my order shipped?
We ship via UPS. Remember, UPS
doesn't deliver to Post Office boxes.
How long does shipping take?
We try to send orders the same day, or the day after placed.
We do not ship items on Saturday or Sunday and you should not count
weekends as shipping days. Because of our commitment to providing the
freshest possible product, we might, at times, need to make your order
for you. In that case, a few extra days is required.
We ship to you from Illinois. Depending on your location,
UPS Ground could take up to 7 days - longer during the holiday season.
Can I have an order shipped to a different address?
Yes. Just follow the instructions while checking out.
Do you ship to internationally?
Because of customs inspections and export fees, we DO NOT
ship overseas.
Do you ship to Alaska and Hawaii? What about APO addresses?
We DO NOT ship to Alaska, Hawaii, or to APO addresses. This is because of the prohibitive USPS shipping costs.
PAYMENT
How do I pay for my order?
We accept Visa and MasterCard. We accept PayPal payments.
To pay with AmericanExpress or Discover, please pay through PayPal.
Because of numerous NSF checks, we no longer accept check payments. To pay by check, please use your PayPal account.
Do you charge sales tax?
Any order shipped to an Illinois address is assessed
8%
sales tax, based on the tax rate for Mundelein, IL, which is the point of sale. Indicate that you are an Illinois resident on the order form,
and the sales tax is computed and added for you.
OUR PRODUCTS
Is rawhide bad for dogs?
Dogs are carnivorous creatures. In the wild, they would
consume entire animals, including skin and bone. Rawhide is a natural
product. We have not found it to cause blockages or problems in most
dogs.
Rawhide that requires more than 7 days to chew should
be replaced due to dirt and bacteria buildup.
Can my dog choke on rawhide?
It is important that the chew be large enough and thick
enough that your dog cannot easily chew off and swallow a large piece
or swallow the whole chew.
If your dog consistently swallows bones whole, it should
probably not receive chews unattended.
When the chew has been enjoyed down to a small portion,
you may want to remove the remains if your pet tends to try to swallow
or eat pieces that are just a little too big for the pet.
What about storage?
Dog chews have an unlimited shelf life as long as they
are not subjected to moisture. Keep your chews in a dry place or away
from immediate moisture contact and your chews will be nice and tasty
when you are ready to reward your pet.
Rawhide bones have a low moisture content and therefore
should not attract bugs while in storage. Basted products however, can
and many times do, attract bugs as the flavoring is a food product.
We recommend that your basted chews be stored in an air tight bag or
jar in order to prevent attracting bugs.
We have had 1 customer report problems with pests getting
into containers of pig ears. We strongly urge you to keep pig ears sealed
in air tight plastic bags.
Where are the products made?
All our products marked "USA" are made in the
United States. We use the highest quality United States-grown beefhide.
We use no artificial chemicals or preservatives. Products marked "imported"
have been hand-selected by our staff from reputable companies whose
manufacturing processes meet our high standards. See our policy on imported pet treats.
Are chemicals used to make your rawhide?
Our rawhide products are prepared in a series of clear-water
baths to remove fats from the hides. The last bath contains a mild hydrogen
peroxide mix to kill bacteria.
We do not use preservatives or whiteners on our hides.
Do you guarantee your products?
We're proud of the products we sell! We wouldn't offer them
to you if we weren't. If for any reason you are unsatisfied with a purchase
from Internet Pet Supplies, you may return it and receive a full refund.
ABOUT WWW.I-PETS.COM
Who is Internet Pet Supplies?
Internet Pet Supplies has been selling the highest quality pet supplies
on the Internet since 1999. While other "dot.com's" bite
the dust, we're sucessfully growing because of our professional service
policy and because our products meet the promise we make: The highest
quality at the lowest prices.
How do I contact you?
You can send your questions and comments by e-mail to julie@i-pets.com. Our toll-free phone number is 1-800-468-3315.
How do I get my pet's picture on your web site?
Please see our customer pages for information about posting your pet's picture.
Privacy Statement:
When a customer first clicks an [Add to Cart] button to make a purchase,
our ShopSite sets a cookie to associate the customer with a particular
shopping cart.
When a customer enters their shipping and billing information
and clicks [Submit This Order] to complete the order, our ShopSite sets
another cookie. This cookie contains the billing address (and the shipping
address if different) that the customer used. It does not
contain any credit card information. This cookie is set to expire December
30th of the calendar year following the year the order is placed.
If
the customer returns to the store from the same computer within this
time, the ShopSite will detect and read the cookie and the customer
will not have to re-enter the address information.
If cookies are disabled
in a customer's browser, this "memory" feature will not be available
to that customer.
All personal information collected (names, addresses, phone
numbers, e-mail addresses and credit card numbers) is used solely for
the purpose of facilitating your orders or requests for information
from us. We do not sell, pass on, give out or distribute any personal
information from customers or visitors for any reason to any third party.
Credit card information is not stored. The information is
used to immediately authorize transaction of funds.
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy
policy, your personal information, an order you placed or our products
you may call us at (800) 468-3315.
Security:
Our on-line order form is SSL encrypted for your protection. Information
you exchange on the secure order form cannot be viewed or changed by
others. Your completed order form is processed by Internet Pet Supplies
via a secure connection.
Pet Supplies Categories
Popular Categories
Customer Service
i-Pets.com Internet Pet Supplies
American Express accepted through PayPal
USA Rawhide
Rawhide Treats
USA Pig Ears
USA Deer Antlers
Dog Toys
Cat Toys
Pet Supplies
Holiday Treats
Special Sale Items
All USA products
USA rawhide bones
USA Pig Ears for Dogs
Imported Dog Treats
Fun with Pets
Site Map
Contact Us
Help & F.a.q.
Return & Exchange
Cookies & Privacy
Security
Customer Comments
Customer Photos
© Copyright 2012 i-Pets.com. - All rights reserved       Privacy | Terms of use
ShopSite hosting & design by YourHost.com