http://www.transformerland.com/privacy.html
Pre–Orders
We Buy Toys
Browse The Toy Store
Popular Links
Latest update
G1 Transformers
Transformers Collector's Guides
M.A.S.K.
G.I. Joe
Request-A-Toy
Sell Your Toys
FAQ
Subscribe
Get updates fast
Specials offers
Instant street cred
Privacy Policy
About Us
Transformer Land, Inc. (dba transformerland.com, eBay Transformerland Store, Transformerland ) is a small family-owned toy store from Gainesville, Florida.
We care a lot about our own privacy online and so we have prepared this privacy policy to let our site users and customers know what we do with their information. Direct any questions to orders@transformerland.com.
What is collected, What do we do with it, Who do we share it with
Transformerland collects anonymous IP address information from your browsing session.
This data is not correlated to your identity, and is solely used to aggregate data about
or website usage. Transformerland.com also collects contact and shipping information
such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. This information is
used solely by us to complete and deliver your order, contact you about your order, or
send you our automatically generated inventory update newsletter. We do not share any of this
private information with third parties or partners. However, your order total must be
shared with Paypal.com in order to complete the payment process. eBay users who place
orders using ebay.com will receive a one-time customer satisfaction e-mail. Users can opt
out of the newsletter e-mails at any time by replying or sending a message to
orders@transformerland.com and requesting to be removed from the mailing list.
TransFormerLand
© 1997 - 2017.5 TRANSFORMER LAND, INC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Store
Payment Methods
Shipping Costs
Return Policy
Condition/Grading Terms
FAQ
Community Services
Identify Transformers
Identify Toys
Transformers Wiki
80s Toy Wiki
Forums
Connect with TFL
Contact Us
Facebook
YouTube
Twitter
How PayPal Works
×
Forgot Password
Please enter your email below. We'll sendyou a link to reset your password.
We've sent an email with instructions on how to reset your password.
If you don't receive instructions within a few minutes, check your email's spam and junk filters.
Having trouble?E-mail us at support@transformerland.com
Not a member? Sign Up
×
Register so you can:check order status, combine orders to save on shipping, use wait lists, manage your collections, and more!
To see your past orders, you must enter the same e-mail
address you used for your orders.
Please enter a valid e-mail address.
Password mismatch. Please enter your password twice.
Privacy Policy
Already a member? Sign in here
×
Sign in to Transformerland
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Not a member? Sign Up