http://www.puzzlepoint.com/privacy-policy.html
PUZZLE POINT LTD PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 08/05/2020.
This Privacy Policy describes how Puzzle Point Ltd, a limited liability company duly incorporated in the Republic of Cyprus under the Companies Law Cap. 113, with company registration number HE 404860 and registered office address at 159, Leontiou A' Street, Maryvonne Building 3rd Floor, Office 302,3022, Limassol, Cyprus (hereinafter referred to as "Puzzle Point", "Us", "Our" or "We") collects, stores, uses, discloses or otherwise processes the personal data of end users of Our Services as defined below (hereinafter referred to as "You"), and what rights You have if We are processing Your personal data.
This Privacy Policy does not address data collection through other sources.
In this Privacy Policy, "Services" refers to Our Games, Websites, and any related services or properties We control; "Games" refers to Our games, applications, and other products; and "Websites" refers to a website or websites and other online properties We control, including puzzlepoint.com. The expression "Your Data" is used when referring to personal data that relates to You as an identified or identifiable individual.
It is important that You read this Policy before accessing or using the Services so that You are aware of how and why We use data relating to You. In addition to this Policy, We encourage You to carefully review Our "Terms of Service", which govern Your use of Our Services.
Who we are
Puzzle Point is a free-to-play mobile games publisher, which specializes in addictive puzzle games for broad audiences. We develop and operate top-class games, which are easy to learn and hard to master, for people all around the world. The company was founded in 2019 by game industry veterans, with vast experience and dozens of successful games in their portfolio.
1. Data Controller
By "Data Controller", We mean an entity that determines how and why personal data is processed. With regard to the activities described in this Privacy Policy, We are the Data Controller.
During the provision and operation of the Services, it is be necessary to share Your Data with Our associates or partners. Some of these associates or partners are data controllers operating independently, and thus they independently determine how and why they process Your Data. For more information on these partners and the ways in which they process Your Data, please refer to clause 6 of this Privacy Policy.
2. Contact Information
For matters related to this Privacy Policy, You may reach Us by email at info@puzzlepoint.com.
In addition You may contact Our appointed Data Protection Officer ("DPO"), who oversees Our data protection related matters. For any questions or concerns about how We use Your Data, You may contact Our DPO by email directly at dpo@puzzlepoint.com.
3. Why Do We Collect And Process Personal Data And What Is Our Legal Basis For Doing So?
We collect and process Your personal data to enable Us to perform Our contractual obligations with You, in order to:
create, maintain and allow the use of an account for You, in Our Games or other Services where applicable,
enable You to play Our Games or use Our other Services,
provide the appropriate version of Our Games or other Services to You (for example, selecting a suitable language version for You),
notify You of Game updates or new products or promotional offers, or
verify Your purchases or other transactions in Our Games or other Services.
Pertaining to Our legitimate interest to make Our Services the best they can be, We process Your Data to:
operate and maintain Our Services (for example, by making sure Our Services are secure and function as intended),
troubleshoot or debug any bugs, errors, or other issues in Our Services,
measure and analyse the use of Our Services or data We collect through Our Services (for example, to discover trends or other insights or to inform Our operations),
create data that is not identifiable to You (for instance, aggregate data), which We then use and share freely,
store information so that You will not have to re-enter it during Your future use of the Game,
conduct surveys or other research to learn more about Our users,
solicit feedback from You about how We can improve the Game,
monitor the effectiveness of Our Game,
customize and personalize the user experience, or
improve Our current Services or develop new Services.
Pertaining to Our legitimate interest to make sure You have the best possible user experience in Our Games, We will process Your Data to:
personalize Your gameplay experience in Our Games based on Your activity,
provide You with offers and rewards in Our Games based on Your activity,
where available, enable Your gameplay across multiple devices (for example, by allowing You to connect a third-party account with Our Games for that purpose),
where available, enable communication with other users in Our Games or other Services (for example, by providing chat, forums, or other similar features),
handle Your support requests or otherwise manage Our relationship with You, or
send You service-related communications (for instance, technical notices, security alerts, or administrative messages).
Pertaining to Our legitimate interest in making sure that Our Services are a fair and safe environment for all users, We will process Your Data to:
moderate and monitor the use of Our Games or other Services (including any messages sent through the Services), either automatically or manually, or
ensure that Our Terms of Service are followed.
Pertaining to Our legitimate interest to promote Our Services and to make sure We reach Our targeted prospective audiences, We will process Your Data to:
monitor the installations of Our Games (including the source of each install),
measure, analyse, enhance and improve Our advertising effectiveness (including Our advertising outside of Our Services),
communicate with You and to forward offers, rewards, event announcements, or other news related to Our Services or for other operations,
provide instructions to Our advertising affiliates to show or not show Our ads to You based on Your activity (by controlling the number of times Our ads are displayed), or
instruct Our advertising affiliates to advertise Our Games and Services to audiences with similar interests to Yours.
Pertaining to Our legitimate interest for the provision of related ads in Our Games and for the funding of Our Services in order to continue their provision to You, We will process Your Data to:
display ads in Our Games, either from Us or Our advertising affiliates,
monitor Your activity in Our Games and Services in order to learn about Your interests and enhance the provision of advertising in Our Games, or
customise the ads You receive in Our Games and Services and allow Our advertising affiliates to personalize the ads content You see, to make them more relevant to You.
Pertaining to Our legitimate interest to safeguard Our operations, We will process Your Data to:
detect, prevent, or investigate fraud or fraudulent activity or otherwise not authorised behaviour,
conduct audit checks to Our operations or processes (for instance, to verify that they operate as intended and according to regulatory or contractual conditions), or
define, defend and exercise Our legal rights to the extent allowed by the relevant laws and regulations.
By providing Your consent, We will process Your Data:
to forward You with newsletters or other similar communications in the case You have subscribed to them through a subscription form Our Websites, or
for other purposes explained to You at the time Your consent will be requested (for example, using Your GPS location to provide location-based experiences).
Finally, We will process Your Data where necessary to:
conform with legal obligations that apply to Us (including accounting and tax requirements and requirements to provide information to competent authorities upon request), or
protect Your interests or the interests of others.
Furthermore, We will process Your Data for additional purposes which are compatible with any of the purposes listed above.
We do not use Your Data to make automated decisions which significantly affect You. By an "automated decision", We mean a decision made by an information system without any human intervention.
3.1 Advertising And Marketing
Advertising provides funding for Our Services and thus allows Us to make Our Games available without charge. Within Our Games or Services, We display Our own ads along with ads from third parties. Additionally, We advertise outside of Our Games and Services, on third-party websites and applications. Through this section We provide further information on how Your Data can be used for advertising purposes, and how You can control the use of Your Data for such purposes.
Mobile advertising relies on the use of certain online identifiers, more particularly Advertising IDs but also IP addresses or other identifiers. When We make mention to an "Advertising ID", We refer to an alphanumeric string of digits provided by the operating system of a device. This is consistent across applications from different publishers. The Advertising ID is known as the Identifier for Advertisers (IDFA) on iOS devices and Google Advertising Identifier (GAID) on Android devices.
Advertising IDs are used for interest-based advertising and other advertising related purposes. You can control the extent to which Your Advertising ID is used for these purposes. By using the privacy settings of Your device, You may normally reset and/or limit the use of Your Advertising ID. For instance, You may "limit ad tracking" on iOS devices or "opt out of interest-based ads" on Android devices. These settings are specific to each device, which means that You should set them to Your desired state on each of Your devices individually. Do note that it can take some time for Your updated settings to take effect. Please consider that resetting or limiting the use of Your Advertising ID will not stop You from seeing ads, yet the ads You see could be less relevant to You.
When ads are displayed within Our Games and/or Services , We will disclose Your Advertising ID and IP address with Our advertising partners. On their part, Our advertising partners could also collect information directly from Our Games through technologies such as software development kits (SDKs), which are collections of software development tools. In either case, they can use Your Data for numerous purposes, such Us reducing the number of times an ad is displayed to You or to personalize the ads You see, so as to make them more relevant to You (for instance, based on the previous activity they have associated with Your Advertising ID). For more information, please refer to the privacy policies of Our advertising partners.
When Our ads are displayed to You outside of Our Services (for instance, on third-party properties such as websites or applications), the ad network involved in delivering that ad to You might, based on information previously processed such as earlier activity that they have associated with Your Advertising ID, have concluded that Our Services may be of Your interest.
Your Data will be used by Ad networks to:
limit the number of times Our ads are displayed to You,
notify users that have previously played Our Games about updates, new content, or other news relating to Our Games, or
avoid showing Our ads to users who already play the Game being advertised.
Moreover, ad networks will choose to deliver their services where they utilise Advertising IDs, or other types of identifiers, in order to locate users who may be interested in Our Services where their previous activity or interests are similar to those of other users that are known by the ad network to use Our Services.
Advertising IDs or other identifiers are also used for ad measurement, for both ads in Our Games and Our ads outside of Our Services, necessitating the collection of metrics such as total views, clicks, or installs generated by a particular ad. Such measurement data might be directly or indirectly received or collected by numerous parties involved in ad delivery, including Us and Our advertising partners, through multiple means and technologies, such as web beacons inserted into ads. The collected data is used for a number of purposes, for example, to provide measurement services, to detect, investigate and prevent fraud or fraudulent behaviour, or to facilitate payments between the parties involved in ad delivery.
3.2 Cookies And Similar Technologies On Our Websites
As with most websites today, Our Websites use cookies or similar technologies (for instance, local shared objects or web beacons). "Cookies" or a "cookie" is small piece of data sent from a website which is subsequently stored on Your computer by Your web browser. Cookies may be created by either the website You visit (first-party cookies) or by third parties involved in providing content, functionality, or services such as analytics or advertising for the website You visit (third-party cookies). A Cookie is typically used to identify or "remember" Your device, for instance to enable functionality, to facilitate audience measurement, to improve performance, or to store Your preferences.
3.3 How To Manage Cookies
Through Your device or browser settings, You may control the use of cookies, for instance by disabling some or all cookies or by configuring Your web browser or device to notify You when cookies are being installed. Though, You should note that by disabling cookies You may affect Your ability to use the Services.
4. What Data Do We Collect?
We collect the following data in relation to You:
Your name, email address, or other contact information if You have provided them to Us when registering an account or subscribing to Our communications,
online identifiers for example Your gaming alias, IP address, identifiers We assign to Your account, hardware or operating system identifiers, including Your Advertising ID,
technical information about the device You use to play Our Games or use Our other Services such as, information about the type, model, maker, operating system, language, display, processor, or memory,
Your access coarse location such as, country, province, or city, deduced from Your IP address,
data relating to Your use of the Services such as, information about Your progress in Our Games, Your visits to Our Websites, or Your interactions with ads in Our Games,
data relating to Your interactions with Our ads outside of the Services such as, from third-party websites or applications, including information on how You were referred to Our Games or Services,
crash logs or other information related to bugs, errors, or other issues in Our Services,
assumptions We have deducted based on Your activity in Our Services,
messages or other communications You send to Us or through the Services such as, Your gaming chat messages, or emails You have forwarded to Our support team,
in case where You choose to connect a third-party account, such as a social media account, with Our Services, the information We receive from the third-party account provider such as, the account name, identifier, Your email address to enable cross-device gameplay, Your profile name, Your picture, or Your friends' information to provide social features,
in case where You proceed to purchases in Our Games, the information We receive from third-party payment service providers to validate those purchases,
in case You subscribe to Our communications, Your content preferences or other information You may submit to Us when subscribing to Our communications,
in case You participate in Our surveys, research or other inquiries, any comments, feedback, responses, or any other information You may provide to Us when doing so such as, information about Your background or experience with Our Games or Services,
for any additional information You may decide to provide to Us through Our Services or otherwise, and
following Your permission, any other information described to You when asking for Your consent such as, Your GPS location for location-based experiences.
We do not anticipate or have any intention to collect or otherwise process any special categories of data relating to You. Special categories of data concern data relating Your genetic, biometric, or health information, revealing racial or ethnic origin, sex life information, sexual orientation, political beliefs, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or information about Your criminal offences or convictions. Please do not this type of information to Us or use the Services to make By special categories of data, We mean genetic, biometric or health information, information revealing racial or ethnic origin, sex life or sexual orientation, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or information about Your criminal offences or convictions. Please do not provide this kind of information to Us or use the Services to present such information to others.
5. From What Sources Do We Collect Your Personal Data?
We collect Your Data from the following sources:
from information You provide to Us during for instance, Your account registration, Your subscription to Our communications, from survey responses, or by the submission of support enquiries,
directly from Your device and/or You by automatic means, by the use of Our Services or during Your interaction with Our ads outside of Our Services, for instance, on third-party websites or applications, through cookies or similar technologies or through software development kits (SDKs),
when You interact with ads within Our Games or Our ads outside of Our Services, for instance, on third-party websites or applications, provided by Our advertising affiliates involved in the delivery and measurement of those ads,
when You choose to link a third-party account with Our Services such as a social media account, from the third-party account provider,
when You proceed to purchases within Our Services, from the third-party payment service provider involved in the transactions, or
following Your consent, from additional sources described to You when asking for Your consent.
We note that You are not obligated to provide data to Us. However, We may not be able to provide You with the Services, or some elements or parts of the Services, without the collection and processing of Your Data. When You make use of Our Services, We will collect data relating to You for several or all of the purposes described within this Privacy Policy, depending on the Services You decide to use and Your choices when using them. We provide You with a number of options that allow You to limit or control the extent to which Your Data is processed. For instance, You may opt to not connect Your third-party accounts with Our Games, change Your device settings to reset or limit the use of Your Advertising ID, or to disable certain or all cookies from Your browser settings.
6. Who Do We Share Your Data With?
We choose to share Your Data with third parties in order to accomplish the purposes defined within this Privacy Policy. These third parties include:
affiliate companies or associates of the Puzzle Point group, for instance where they provide their assistance in the development or operation of Our Games or other Services,
individuals or companies outside of the Puzzle Point group that provide services to Us and process data on Our behalf when providing those services, for instance, providers of hosting services, analytics services, services that add functionality to the Services, or other services that help Us develop and operate Our Services,
other affiliates We cooperate with in the course of providing the Services, who process Your Data independently of Us, including advertising partners and,
potential or actual buyers, including their advisors or agents, in the context of an acquisition, merger, or other corporate restructuring,
the competent Courts of law or other governmental authorities, where the disclosure of data is necessary as a matter of applicable law or regulation,
any person or entity where We believe disclosure is necessary to exercise, establish or defend Our legal rights or to protect the vital interests of You or others, or
with any other individual or entity with Your consent.
Moreover, please note that specific data that You may submit or make available through Our Services can be visible to other users of Our Services. For instance, Your public profile information in Our Games, such as Your in-game username or alias, potential chat messages, as well as any information You have disclosed to provide social features such as groups or leader boards.
In relation to the processing activities described in this Privacy Policy, Your Data will be transferred to and/or processed in countries outside of the European Union (EU) and the European Economic Area (EEA). For instance, several of Our servers that We use for hosting data are located in Germany, and some of Our group companies or the service providers We use to provide the Services may be located outside of the EU and the EEA. These countries may implement data protection laws that are different from the laws of Your country. In such cases, We will incorporate the appropriate safeguards and means of protection of Your personal data. These safeguards include compliance with the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses (SSCs) aimed at protecting personal data leaving the European Economic Area (EEA) through contractual obligations in compliance with the GDPR's requirements in territories which are not considered to offer adequate protection to the rights and freedoms of data subjects. Upon request, We can provide You a copy of the European Commission's standard contractual clauses and further details on the applicable safeguards.
7. How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
Your Data will be kept for so long as it is necessary for achieving the purpose for which it was collected such as to enable Us to provide You with the Services, or to comply with legal, reporting, or accounting requirements. We will occasionally review the collected data and delete or de-identify inactive accounts, or other data in Our Games or other Services.
Following the appropriate retention period, We will either de-identify or delete Your Data or, if neither de-identification or deletion is possible, for instance due to data being stored on a backup server, We shall isolate Your Data and halt further processing until their de-identification or deletions is made possible. It should be noted that We will continue to make use of data which is not identifiable to You, such as aggregate data.
8. How Do We Keep Your Data Secure?
We have employed all appropriate security procedures and measures to provide Your Data with a level of security suitable for the level of risk applicable with the processing activities described within this Privacy Policy. These measures are aimed at protecting Your Data against unlawful or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, including unauthorised disclosure or access. We employ a varying degree of measures, which typically include encryption in transit, pseudonymization of identifying data where possible, controls for limiting the access to systems or services that contain personal data and maintaining procedures and practises to handle suspected security incidents.
9. Your Rights
In the case that We are processing Your Data, You have the right to:
access, rectify, or request the erasure of Your Data,
request Us to restrict Our processing of Your Data,
object to Our processing of Your Data to the extent Our processing is based on Our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, or
where technically feasible, request a copy of the personal data You have provided to Us in machine-readable format.
Where the processing We conduct on Your Data is done following Your consent, You may withdraw Your consent at any given time. We bring to Your attention that the processing of Your Data will continue regardless of the withdrawal of Your consent, where We have a lawful basis to do so.
In order to access Your Data in Our Games and/or Services, or to request its erasure, please use the automatic tools provided in Our Games and/or Services. Each of Our Games has specific tools, located in the game setting under "Terms & Privacy" or a similarly named option. You may also opt out of Our personalized offers, where applicable. We urge You to primarily use these specific tools to submit requests, since that will help Us to validate, process, and fulfil Your request a more reliable and quick manner.
In the case You wish to exercise any of Your rights, You may also contact Us at info@puzzlepoint.com. In order to fulfil requests which are submitted by email, We may need to confirm Your identity so as to verify Your right to make the request, which may involve requesting additional information from You. For instance, We may ask You to provide sufficiently detailed information about the account to which the request relates in order to enable Us to confirm that You are indeed the account holder or that You are acting on their behalf. While this is not Our usual practise, We reserve the right to charge You an appropriate fee for the exercise of Your rights where permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
Lastly, You always have the right to submit a complaint with Your local data protection authority regarding Our processing of Your Data. For more information, please contact Your local data protection authority, for instance, the Office of the Commissioner for Data Protection of the Republic of Cyprus.
10. Note for California Residents
If You are a California resident, please be aware that under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (CCPA), You are entitled to receive specific information on how We process Your data. You also have specific rights to Your data, including the right to opt out of the sale of personal information, which is defined in a way that includes the transfer of data to third parties to personalize ads for You. If You opt out of the 'sale' of Your information, We will not sell Your information, including to Our advertising partners, but You may still see ads in the Services and some of Our advertising partners may deliver ads to You, based on information they hold on You. To review this specific information and familiarize Yourself with Your rights under the CCPA, please review Our Ancillary Privacy Disclosure for California Residents.
11. Age Limit
Pursuant to Our Terms of Service, You declare that You are at least 14 years of age. Generally, We direct Our Services to a broad audience and We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 14 (or older, if applicable law provides for different protections). However, We may not know the specific age of individual users of Our Services. If You are under 14 years of age, please do not provide Us with Your personal data, including but not limited to, Your name, home address, telephone number, or email address, or use the Services to make Your personal data available to others. Our Services are intended to be used by adults and We do not knowingly collect, and do not wish to collect, information about children. If We discover that We hold personal data relating to a user under the age of 14, provided that We have previously obtained parental or guardian approval, We will take appropriate measures to ensure that We process that data according to the requirements of applicable laws and regulations, or promptly delete the data from Our records.We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet.
The table below sets out the minimum age at which You can provide Your consent for the processing of Your Data to enable You to make use of Our Services, depending on the country that You are in while using Our Services. REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL PROVISIONS OF EACH OF THE BELOW JURISDICTIONS, YOU SHOULD IN NO CASE USE OUR SERVICES IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 14, UNLESS PRIOR PARENTAL OR GUARDIAN APPROVAL IS PROVIDED.
Country
Minimum age for the provision of consent for the processing of personal data, in respective jurisdictions
Austria
14
Belgium
13
Bulgaria
16
Croatia
16
Republic of Cyprus
14
Czech Republic
16
Denmark
13
Estonia
16
Finland
13
France
15
Germany
16
Greece
16
Hungary
16
Ireland
16
Italy
14
Latvia
13
Lithuania
14
Luxembourg
16
Malta
13
Netherlands
16
Norway
13
Poland
16
Portugal
16
Romania
16
Slovakia
16
Slovenia
16
Spain
14
Sweden
13
Switzerland
16
United Kingdom
13
Rest of the world (excluding Korea)
13
If You have reason to believe that We might have any information from or about a child under the relevant age as provided above, please contact Us by email at info@puzzlepoint.com. In the event that We determine that We have collected personal information from a child under the relevant age as provided above, We will delete that information without undue delay.
12. Contacting Us
If You wish to proceed with the erasure of Your account, You may request this at any moment. In case You have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email Us at info@puzzlepoint.com.
13. Privacy Policy Updates
Puzzle Point reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time, for example due to changes in Our operations or the legal obligations that apply to Us. Updates will be made available here. We urge you to review Our Privacy Policy on a frequent basis, and in particular before You submit additional information through Our Services.