https://www.spangle.co.uk/privacy-policy-security/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Home
Privacy Policy & Security
Privacy Policy & Security
We are committed to protecting your privacy; we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.
This is the way we handle information:
Automatic Collection
Our Web server automatically recognizes only the visitor's domain name (not the e-mail address) and records the visitor's browser and platform type (e.g., Netscape browser on Microsoft platform).
Cookies
Cookies are small amount of data delivered to your hard drive via a web browser to enable us to process your orders more rapidly and to provide a fast and easy shopping experience. We use cookies to record the visitor's session information (such as the visitor's shopping selections when ordering) and to record user-specific information on the pages the visitor selects for viewing.
E-mail Addresses
When a visitor gives us an e-mail address while placing an order, or when visitors send us e-mail correspondence, we retain the visitor's e-mail address. We contact visitors by their e-mail address to confirm an on-line order, to respond to a sender's e-mail query and occasionally to inform customers about new products and promotions. By accepting our terms and conditions you are agreeing to receive emails from Spangle but can opt out of promotional emails at any time, either by contacting us directly or by a link placed at the bottom of every email.
Visitor-Keyed Information
We retain information provided by our visitor, such as registration information, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number). On request with verification, we will give the visitor a reminder with unique identifier information (e.g., customer password). Visitors also have with the ability to correct inaccuracies in contact information and unique identifiers.
Mailing Addresses
If you request a catalogue be mailed to your postal address, you will be placed on our mailing list and you will receive periodic mailings from us with information on products and promotions.
Telephone Numbers
Visitors who give us their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.
Security
We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving customer data exchanged with our site server.
We take online security very seriously so please feel 100% confident when shopping at Spangle.
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies to ensure the security of customer data when transferring and receiving customer data exchanged with our site server. We never store any sensitive details on our servers. All other data transfer is conducted through a secure phone line.
×