https://www.beadloverskorner.com/privacy-policy.html
menu displaysearch display
Home
Handmade Items
Bobby Pins, Hair Pins
Celebrity Jewelry
Gemstone Jewelry
Rosary Beads
Visit our Etsy Shop
Beads & Charms
Biagi Beads
Biagi Charms
Biagi Kidz Beads
Landmark Beads
Other Charm Beads
Catholic Saints Medals
Coins
Jewelry Supply
On SALE
Cart
Privacy Policy and Terms of UseWe value your privacy and security! This privacy policy sets out how "Bead Lovers Korner" uses and protects any information that you give "Bead Lovers Korner" when you use this website.
"Bead Lovers Korner" is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Below is an in depth look at the privacy policy which conforms to the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other local data protection laws regarding personal information collected and used, and the protection of privacy rights of online shoppers. In a quick summary, I use your information to process your order (i.e. payment and shipping), or send a promotional email if you sign up for the mailing list.
"Bead Lovers Korner" may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page frequently to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Information I collect
To fulfill your order, you may provide me with certain information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such address and post code
payment information, and the details of the product that you’re ordering
You may also choose to provide me with additional personal information (when placing a custom order for example)
preferences, interests and other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Third Parties with whom I share personal information
Information about my customers is important to my business. I share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:
Etsy - Should you place an order with me through Etsy then your information will be shared with Etsy as necessary to provide you my services and comply with my obligations under both the Etsy Seller Policy and Etsy Terms of Use.
Service providers - I engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services, such as delivery companies, payment processing (PayPal) and promotional email (Mail Chimp) if you sign up for the mail list. I will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.
Business transfers - If I sell or merge my business, I may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.
Compliance with laws - I may collect, use, retain, and share your information if I have a good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce my agreements, terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property, and safety of my customers, or others.
Data Retention
I retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and as described in my Privacy Policy. However, I may also be required to retain this information to comply with my legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements.
Why and what I do with the information gathered
I require this information to understand your needs and provide you with better service, and in particular for Internal record keeping. I rely on a number of legal reasons to collect, use, and share your information, including:
as needed to provide my services, such as when I use your information to fulfill your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support
when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for my mailing list. We will only send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other relevant information if you sign up for the mailing list.
if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and as necessary to comply with obligations under the Etsy Seller Policy and Terms of Use (should you place your order through Etsy).
Transfers of Personal Data Outside The EU
I may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other jurisdictions. As a result, I may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How Cookies are used
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your Rights
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. I describe these rights below:
Access: You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information I hold about you by contacting me using the contact information below.
Change, restrict, delete: You may also have rights to change, restrict my use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where I am required to store data for legal reasons) I will generally delete your personal information upon request.
Object: You can object to (i) my processing of some of your information based on my legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from me after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, I will delete your personal information unless I have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
How to Contact Me
For purposes of EU data protection law, I, Gari Anne Kosanke, am the data controller of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact me at info@beadloverskorner.com or beadloverskorner@gmail.com. Terms of Use - Copyright notice
Copyright © Bead Lovers Korner LLC 2002-2019 All Rights Reserved
All files and information contained in this Website are copyright by Bead Lovers Korner LLC or used with permission, and may not be duplicated, copied, modified or adapted, in any way without our written permission. Our Website or Blog may contain our service marks or trademarks as well as those of our affiliates or other companies, in the form of words, graphics, and logos.
Your use of our Website, Blog or Services does not constitute any right or license for you to use our service marks or trademarks, without the prior written permission of Bead Lovers Korner LLC.
Our Content, as found within our Website, Blog and Services, is protected under United States and foreign copyrights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication by you of any such Content, is strictly prohibited. Your use of our Website and Services does not grant you any ownership rights to our Content.
copyright © 2002, 2019 Bead Lovers Korner LLC
Email info@beadloverskorner.com