http://www.lirchocolates.ie/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Home
Shop Chocolate
Christmas Factory Shop
Shop Now
Lir Collection
Shop Now
Baileys Collection
Shop Now
Guinness Collection
Shop Now
Gifting Collection
Shop Now
Christmas Factory Shop
Our Story
Contact Us
Shipping Info
Contact Us
Lir Chocolate News
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Christmas Delivery Update
Please note order cut off for guartanteed delivery before Christmas is 10th December 11am.
Shipping Info
Contact Us
Lir Chocolate News
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Privacy Policy
Lir Chocolates Confectionery Ltd is committed to protecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (together with our Website terms and conditions and any other documents referred in it) sets out the basis for processing any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data. By using our website www.lirchocolates.com (our ‘Website’) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
Depending on the purpose for which you are providing your personal data, for the purpose of the General Data Protection Regulations (the ‘GDPR’), the data controller (or entity responsible for the data collected) will be us. Within the context of this policy ‘we’ means Lir Chocolates Confectionery.
Lir Chocolates (Confectionery) Limited is a subsidiary of the Zertus Group; ZERTUS GmbH, Im Astraturm – Zirkusweg 2, 20359 Hamburg, +49 (0)40 44 194 0. Lir Chocolates (Confectionery) Company Limited, IDA Business Park, Johnstown, Navan, Co.Meath, C15 PK33).
Data we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information acquired/provided through our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Website, submitting a CV or job application, subscribing to our services, making an enquiry or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion and/or when you report a problem with the Website.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. If you send us personal information which identifies you via email, we may keep your email and email address.
We may ask you to complete optional surveys for research purposes.
How we use your data
Your data will only be used for the purposes indicated when you submit the data or as detailed under this privacy policy.
We use personal information held about you in the following ways:
-to update and enhance our records
-to compile information relating to your use of our products and services and make recommendations about goods and services and other areas that may interest you
-to ensure the content from the Websites is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer
-to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us
-inviting you to participate in research studies and/or market research activities
-we may analyse your data to create a profile of your interests and preferences so that we can contact you in the most appropriate way and with the most relevant information
Disclosure of your data
We will not transfer any of your data to any third parties without your permission or unless indicated in this privacy policy or agreed by you on a form on the Website.
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties without obtaining further consent from you including:
-Where we outsource any of our business functions under which we collect or store your data, in which case we will ensure that any such service provider adheres to at least the same obligations of security with regard to your data as undertaken by us
-Where we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets
-If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Website Terms & Conditions and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety of our employees, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
-We will never sell your data to third parties for the purposes of marketing.
Where we store your data
The data that we collect from you will be stored within the United Kingdom. It will not be transferred to or stored at any destination outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’). We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we wish to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes and request your consent to these activities. If you wish to change your mailing preferences or opt-out of marketing communications sent from us, you may notify us via our Contact us form. Alternatively you may contact us on +353 46 909 1046. It may take up to 21 days for the changes to come into effect. Please note that this will not alter your current email subscription preferences.
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of other companies within the Zertus Group PLC. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
You have the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the GDPR.
If you would like to request a copy of your personal data under the GDPR or have any other related queries, please email info@lirchocolates.com
Accuracy
We will take reasonable steps to create an accurate record of any personal data you have submitted. However, we do not assume responsibility for confirming the ongoing accuracy of your personal data. You can update your personal data by emailing us at info@lirchocolates.com or by calling us on +353 0046 9091046. Please note that it will take up to 21 days for the changes to come into effect.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on the Lir Chocolates Confectionery Limited Website. By continuing to use our Website you will be deemed to have accepted such changes.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@lirchocolates.com
Lir Chocolates Confectionery Ltd Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy:
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive.
We use the following cookies:
Analytical or performance cookies. These allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Google Analytics Cookies (analytical cookies) The Lir Chocolates Web Site uses his site uses Google Analytics (GA) to track user interaction. Lir Chocolates uses this data to determine the number of people using the Lir Chocolates Web Site, to better understand how they find and use our web pages and to see their journey through the website.
Although GA records data such as your geographical location, device, internet browser and operating system, none of this information personally identifies you to Lir Chocolates. GA also records your computer’s IP address which could be used to personally identify you, but Google do not grant Lir Chocolates access to this. We consider Google to be a third-party data processor.
Disabling cookies on your internet browser will stop Google Analytics from tracking any part of your visit to pages within the Lir Chocolates Web Site.
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL
Enjoy 10% off everything in our Online Christmas Factory Shop PLUS free shipping on all orders over €50!
Shop NOw
Close this Box
"Close (esc)"
"Close (esc)"
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue we'll assume that you are understand this. Learn more
Accept