https://www.aspeneast.com/privacy-policy/
NOTICE: Yes, we are accepting and shipping online orders! Please expect up to a 3-5 day shipping delay.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When you place an order with us, we request your name, billing address, shipping address, credit card number and expiration date, and email address. We consider this information to be private, and we keep this information on a secure server to protect it from outside parties. We use the information only for the limited purposes of processing your orders, administering our site, notifying you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you (only if you select to be included on out mailing list). We do not share your private information with anyone.
The use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully.
Your use of this site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Your placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Your submittal of any purchase order to Aspen East Ski Shop indicates acceptance of these terms and conditions. Aspen East Ski Shop reserves the right to make changes to this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
Copyright Notice
This site is owned by Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. This site is operated by Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. and by other entities providing paid services. Unless otherwise specified, materials appearing on this site are the sole property of Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc and its providers, Copyright © 1998-2011 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc.'s prior written permission. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to Products Sold
Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to products sold on Aspen East Ski Shop.Com site. Except as expressly stated herein, Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to products sold on this site, inlcuding but not limited to, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You agree that the sole and exclusive maximum liability to Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. arising from any prduct sold on the Aspen East Ski Shop.Com site shall be the price of the product ordered. In no event shall Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc, its directors, officers, employees and representatives be liable for special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages related to product sold.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to the AspenEast.Com Web Site
The Aspen East.Com web site and the materials therein are provided as-is. Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to the Aspen East.Com site, its operation, contents, information, or materials. Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to the site or its use, including but not limited to merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You agree that Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc., its directors, officers, employees or other representatives shall not be liable for damages arising from the operation, content, or use of the Aspen East.Com site. You agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East,Inc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. Aspen East Ski Shop is a reseller to end user customers and does not accept orders from dealers, exporters, wholesalers, or other customers who intend to resell the products offered by Aspen East Ski Shop.
Payment Methods
We accept major credit cards including, Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases with Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number-the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you. Incorrect information may cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon shipment of your order. If you provide a ship to address that differs from your billing address, this address must be on file with your card provider.
Money Orders, Cashier’s Checks, Company Checks, & Personal Checks - Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. accepts money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, and company checks in U.S. Dollars only. Orders are processed upon receipt of a money order or cashier’s check. For personal and company checks, please allow up to 10 banking days after receipt for clearance of funds before the order is processed. Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. cannot guarantee the availability of a product by the time funds clear or payment is received. We will charge a $25 fee on all returned checks.
Shipping Policy
You will be charged $25.00 for any shipment that is refused. Aspen East Ski Shop does not ship on Saturday or Sunday. Due to UPS restrictions we cannot deliver to P.O. Boxes using their service. APO addresses must use USPS as means of delivery. Shipping costs are determined upon receipt of an order, and will be included in your email confirmation. All Shipments are subject to stock availability. Additional information can be found in this link: Shipping Policy
Sales Taxes
Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. shall withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the state of Vermont. Each customer shall be solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to any other state.
Return Policy
Please also view the site's Return Policy for information on returns. Products may be returned to Aspen East Ski Shop for replacement or refund within the specified amount of time from the invoice date. Shipping charges are not refundable. If you are returning a non-defective product that has been opened, you will be charged a 15% restocking fee. You are responsible for shipping costs of all returns. Special order items may not be returned. All refunds for non-defective items exclude shipping and handling charges. Please allow 1-2 weeks for refunds to be processed and credited to your account. In order to receive a refund, your purchase must be returned with shipping pre-paid and insured. Do not tape shut, or place labels on boot or bindings boxes, please box them appropriately. All items must be in "as-new" condition, in original packaging and with all warranty cards, manuals and accessories. The original packing slip must be included on the package. Any discrepancies could result in a delay or partial forfeiture of your refund. There will be a $35.00 re-boxing fee for products not returned in the original manufacturer’s packaging. If part of a product becomes defective, the full product must be returned for credit or replacement unless otherwise directed by Aspen East Ski Shop. Additional information can be found in this link: Returns Policy
Manufacturer's Warranty
All returns and replacements occurring after 30 days from the invoice date must be made directly with the manufacturer. Manufacturer’s warranties vary on each product. Manufacturer information is subject to change without notice.
Service and Support
All requests for technical service and support should be made directly to the manufacturer in accordance with their terms and conditions. Aspen East Ski Shop can provide general phone or on-line technical notes on most equipment as well as links to the manufacturer's web site.
Jurisdiction and Venue
You agree that any legal action brought against Aspen East Ski Shop/Aspen East, Inc. shall be governed by the laws of the State of Vermont without regard to its conflict of law principles. You agree that the sole jurisdiction and venue for any litigation arising from your use of or orders made on the Aspen East Ski Shop sites shall be an appropriate federal or state court located in Rutland County Vermont.