https://www.bouncingbearbotanicals.com/privacy.html
Save on every
purchase!
Save with
Reward Points or Coupons!
Details Here
Home | Account | Shopping
Cart | Check Out | New
Stuff |
FAQ | Points-Rewards | Forum
All products are organically-grown or
wild-harvested.
EXOTIC CHOICES
All Herbals
Contact Us
Testimonies
Points and Rewards
Affiliate Program
Purchasing Info
Wholesale
Disclaimer
Articles
Privacy & Refund Policy
Terms & Conditions
-- Bouncing Bear Botanicals --
Privacy InformationWhat information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, you will be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number.
What do we use this information for?
We need your name and address so that we can ship your package to you.
The phone number so we can call you if there is a problem.
The email address will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order:
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
No. We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer any information about you to any other parties.
What is your return / refund policy?
We do guarantee the quality and satisfaction of all our products.
If you're not pleased for any reason, return it for a full refund. No questions asked.
(All Live plants have a 48 hours refund period)
By placing an order, you are agreeing to this disclaimer: All of the
Ethnobotanicals available from this site are sold for research, education and
propagation purposes only. None of the Ethnobotanicals sold are for human
consumption. Some of the Ethnobotanicals available are poisonous. The Herbals
available have not been evaluated by the FDA. Research all Herbals before using.
Use at your own risk. Customers must be over 18 years of age to purchase
anything from this site. Bouncing Bear, anyone and anything related to Bouncing
Bear and this site can not be held accountable for any of your actions or
choices.