https://www.hicountry.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Hi-Country is committed to maintaining the confidentiality of our customers. We recognize that many visitors to our website are concerned about the information that they provide to us or that may be collected, and how we treat that information.
Types of Information Collected
At our site, we don’t collect personally identifiable data (“Personal Information”) from individuals unless they provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. This means that we don’t require you to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. You can sign up to receive special offers and the latest news from Hi-Country. In order to receive these offers, it is necessary that you provide us with personal information, such as your name and email address. When you purchase a product from us, you may be required to share personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, etc. in order process your order. We do not share, sell or otherwise disclose information about our customers to any other party except as required to process and ship purchases. Non-personal information relates to such things as how many people visit the website, which pages they access, the information they download, the type of browser they use, the name of their internet service provider (such as MSN®), and other information of this general type. When you visit our website we will automatically collect non-personal information, and combine it with similar information collected about all other visitors to the website. By collecting this information we learn how best to develop our website to meet the needs and desires of our customers and visitors.
Changes in Information
You may view or change your information at any time by going to the Log In link from the shopping cart.
Special Offers
Special offers and updates will occasionally be presented to our customers. Out of respect for your privacy if you do not wish to receive future offers please opt-out by sending an email to: customerservice@hicountry.com or by clicking the “unsubscribe from this list” at the bottom of the email.
Security
We at Hi-Country understand your concerns about the security of online transactions. Therefore, our site is equipped with the most advanced Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology available to ensure the privacy of any information via the Website.
Links to Other Sites
Hi-Country will attempt to ensure that every link on this website sends you to a helpful place on the Internet. The Site may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through the Site.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time, so we encourage you to check back with every visit to the site.
Contact Us
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Hi-Country Snack Foods, Inc.
PO Box 159
Lincoln, MT 59639
Phone: (406) 362-4203
Fax: (406) 362-4275
Email: customerservice@hicountry.com
Corporate Office…Hours of Operation:
Monday to Friday
8:00 am to 4:00 pm MST
Contact Us
Trading Post Store…Hours of Operation:Open 7 Days a Week
Closed Easter, Thanksgiving & Christmas Day
Click Here for Store Hours
Receive Offers
Email Address
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Employment