https://www.dzinedirect.com/privacy_notice
Cookies: This site uses minimal cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
close notice?
Your basketYour Basket is Empty
HomeShopAboutCatalogue
LoginRegister
Privacy Notice
Privacy and Security Policy
Who We Are
DZine Ltd gather and process your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and law. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and obligations, and explains how, why and when we collect and process your personal data.
DZine Ltd registered office is at 246 Park View, Whitley Bay, Tyne and Wear NE26 3QX and we are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 3837226.
This website is the property of DZine Ltd. We take the privacy of all visitors to this website very seriously and therefore set out in this privacy policy our position regarding certain privacy matters.
This privacy policy covers all data that is shared by a visitor with us whether directly via www.dzinedirect.com , via email, via telephone or via direct mail. This website privacy policy is occasionally updated by us so please do review it from time to time.
Our Privacy Policy provides an explanation as to what happens to any personal data that you share with us, or that we collect from you either directly via this website, via email, via telephone or via direct mail.
Please note our data controller can be contacted by email at info@dzinedirect.com
This Privacy Notice is effective from 25th May 2018 in accordance with the new GDPR
What We Collect
DZine Ltd processes your personal information to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services. We will never collect any unnecessary personal data from you and do not process your information in any way, other than already specified in this notice.
The personal data that we collect from you is: -
• Name
• Address
• Email Address
• Telephone Number
• Mobile Telephone Number
We collect information in the below ways: -
Online forms
New Account Forms for Trade Customers
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
How We Use Your Personal Data
DZine Ltd takes your privacy very seriously and will never disclose, share or sell your data without your consent, unless required to do so by law. We only retain your data for as long as is necessary and for the purposes specified in this notice. Where you have consented to us providing you with promotional offers and marketing, you are free to withdraw consent at any time.
The purposes and reasons for processing your personal data are detailed below: -
We collect your personal data in the performance of a contract or to provide a service and to ensure that orders are completed and can be sent out to your preferred address.
We collect and store your personal data as part of our legal obligation for business accounting and tax purposes.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Your Rights
You have the right to access any personal information that DZine Ltd processes about you and to request information about: -
What personal data we hold about you
The purposes of the processing
The categories of personal data concerned
The recipients to whom the personal data has/will be disclosed
How long we intend to store your personal data for
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about the source
If you believe that we hold any incomplete or inaccurate data about you, you have the right to ask us to correct and/or complete the information and we will strive to update/correct it as quickly as possible, unless there is a valid reason for not doing so, at which point you will be notified.
You also have the right to request erasure of your personal data or to restrict processing in accordance with data protection laws, as well as to object to any direct marketing from us and to be informed about any automated decision making that we use.
If we receive a request from you to exercise any of the above rights, we may ask you to verify your identity before acting on the relevant request, this is to ensure that your data is protected and kept secure.
Sharing and Disclosing Your Personal Information
We do not share or disclose any of your personal information without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement. Any processors that act on our behalf only process your data in accordance with instructions from us and comply fully with this privacy notice, the data protection laws and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
How Long We Keep Your Data
DZine Ltd only ever retains personal information for as long as is necessary and we have strict review and retention policies in place to meet these obligations.
Where you have consented to us using your details for direct marketing, we will keep such data until you notify us otherwise and/or withdraw your consent.
2020 © Copyright DZine: All rights reserved
|
Back to top
ShopContactTerms & ConditionsDelivery & ReturnsPrivacy Notice