http://www.pyradyne.com/pages/privacy-policy-and-disclaimer-1
My Cart
Close
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
PYRADYNE PRIVACY POLICY
Pyradyne is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") you share with us.Pyradyne has established this Privacy Policy so that you may understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal Information.Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a home or other physical address, an email address, or other contact information.Address information, e-mail and phone numbers are held strictly confidential by Pyradyne and are only used to inform you about information you need or have requested from Pyradyne, relating to its services or products. In the few instances where Pyradyne collects personally identifiable information through its Website located at www.pyradyne.com, Pyradyne will not share that information with other companies or individuals unless: we need to share your information with certain third parties which which we have a business relationship in order to provide a product or service you have specifically requested.
CALIFORNIA NEW LAW IN 2020 - CCPA
Originally known as AB375 for its origins in the state Assembly, the new law, called the California Consumer Privacy Act, goes into effect in January 2020. CCPA is rooted in the right of privacy added to the California Constitution in 1972. In essence, it provides all California residents the right to know what data is being collected on them, for what purpose and use and with whom it’s being shared. The legislation further requires companies that collect this data to delete all of it upon request by a user who earlier opted in.
https://www.caprivacy.org/facts/information-control
Pyradyne—already in 2018—has its own policy to remove a person from all email communications if a person requests to Unsubscribe. Also, if a person would like all information to be removed about them from our Customer Information records, we will do so.
INTERNATIONAL
Regarding international privacy laws, Pyradyne respects the privacy rights of any person, and also complies with the European law regarding privacy in Europe—the GDPR or General Data Protection Regulation.  See this link about it:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_Protection_Directive
The Data Protection Directive (officially Directive 95/46/EC on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data (PII (US)) and on the free movement of such data) was a European Union directive adopted in 1995 which regulates the processing of personal data within the European Union. It is an important component of EU privacy and human rights law.
The General Data Protection Regulation, adopted in April 2016, has superseded the Data Protection Directive and became enforceable starting on 25 May 2018.[1] …
The seven principles governing the OECD’s recommendations for protection of personal data were:
1 Notice—data subjects should be given notice when their data is being collected;
2 Purpose—data should only be used for the purpose stated and not for any other purposes;
3 Consent—data should not be disclosed without the data subject’s consent;
4 Security—collected data should be kept secure from any potential abuses;
5 Disclosure—data subjects should be informed as to who is collecting their data;
6 Access—data subjects should be allowed to access their data and make corrections to any inaccurate data
7 Accountability—data subjects should have a method available to them to hold data collectors accountable for not following the above principles.[3]
The OECD Guidelines, however, were non-binding, and data privacy laws still varied widely across Europe.
The EC has set a compliance date of 25 May 2018, giving businesses around the world a chance to prepare for compliance, review data protection language in conracts, consider transition to international standards, update privacy policies, and review marketing plans.
________________
Pyradyne is a responsible company which values its customers and others who contact Pyradyne, and their wishes about how they’d like to receive or not receive communications from Pyradyne.  Our goal is to always please our customers, offer them the best service, and hope they will continue to be customers because of the integrity with which Pyradyne operates its business.  Thank you very much for your interest in Pyradyne and www.pyradyne.com.
Copyright © 1975-2019, Pyradyne. All Rights Reserved.
CONTACT US
Pyradyne4980 S. Alma School Road, Suite 2-451Chandler, AZ 85248  USA Email:  info@pyradyne.com
Phone:  (623) 295-9224
You may call us any time, 24/7, and feel free to leave a message if someone does not answer the phone at the time you call. We will respond to you.
Website:  www.pyradyne.com
Copyright © 1975-2019, Pyradyne. All Rights Reserved.
DISCLAIMER
The information on this website is not intended nor implied to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. All content, including text, graphics, images and information, contained on or available through this website is for general information purposes only. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified healthcare provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on this website or in materials related to this website’s products. Utilizing the frequencies of crystal gemstones, metals and geometric shapes within jewelry and other devices to affect well-being is not a substitute for medical advice and treatment. If you choose to use such devices for healing yourself or others, these may be used as a supplement, and you do so at your own risk.
—PYRADYNE®
Hello You!
Join our mailing list
SHOP
Nuclear Receptors
Quantum Receptors
Holographic Projectors
Standalone Projectors
Balance Bracelets
Golden Ratio Jewelry
Gemstones
Pyramids
Books, eBooks & Music
Vitamins & Superfoods
Pyradyne Packs
Ion Therapy
Seminars & Talks
LEARN
HOW DOES IT WORK?
Functional Jewelry
The Receptor
Discover the Gemstone For You
Balance Bracelets
Headgear Pyramids
Vitamins & Minerals
The Holographic Projector
Design Your Own
Product Synergy
Pyradyne Systems
EDUCATE
Personal Experiences
Test for your Receptor
Metal Differences
Dowsing Rods
Smart Nutrition
The Manual
Videos & Radio Shows
Pyramid Science
QUICK LINKS
Color Charts-FREE
Pay Options
Product Care
Contact Us
FAQS
Find Anything
DISCOVER
ABOUT
BLOG
TOP