https://www.swimpsychology.com/privacy-policy.php
Products
Quotes
Admin
Admin
Contact Us
Mind Trainingfor SWIMMERS
Home
>
About Us
Privacy Policy
Custom Hypnosis Recordings
Custom Hypnosis Recordings
Skype Consultations:
Private Consultations via Skype
Technology:
Any purchases on swimpsychology.com give you instant lifetime access to swimpsychology.com's VIP Discount Area, where you get permanent 25-30% lifetime discounts on all new and existing mp3 or CD products - for yourself and also your immediate family. Sports purchasers may also access two additional free 'optional' mp3 extras. Upon purchase, you are provided the passwords to this special password-protected area, which you can use immediately.
Existing Members: For those existing members who have their access codes - and simply require the link to the password-protected swimpsychology.com VIP Discount Area, you can find this link here (please note this link requires access codes you were provided at the time of purchase, so those without the access codes will find the webpage defaults back to the swimpsychology.com homepage).
If for some reason you have lost your access codes, simply email us with the date, product and transaction ID of your purchase and we will email the details through to you.
Access Codes to VIP Members Area - are available in these places:
a) the page that automatically appeared on your computer directly after your transaction (containing your download instructions, etc), or:
b) in a 'Membership' file contained inside your download (the file is called "MindTraining_Membership.html"), or:
c) inside an email you may have received from our website, immediately after purchase.
If for some reason you have lost your access codes, simply email us with the
product and transaction ID of your purchase and we will email the details through to you.
© Copyright / Permission
All material on any pages of the Mind Training.net's website, and all products purchased from it, are Copyright © 2000 - 2030 Craig Townsend - It's Mind over Matter and may not be copied, reprinted, duplicated, sold, published, translated, stored, hosted or otherwise distributed by any means.
Breaches of copyright are discovered using sophisticated worldwide search software and offline tracking, and in every case they are vigorously pursued to the fullest legal extent of each country's, and international, copyright law.
Disclaimer
The material provided on any pages of the Mind Training.Net's website is offered in the nature of general comment only. It cannot take into account an individual's personal, physical, social or legal circumstances and, in consequence, does not constitute personalized advice in any form whatsoever.
Although the suggestions may be helpful, it is always your choice as to how you interpret and act upon this information. Accordingly, Craig Townsend , swimpsychology.com and It's Mind over Matter expressly disclaim all and any liability in relation to any act or omission that is done by any person in reliance on all or any part of this material, information or opinion.
"The Mind controls the Body, and the Mind is unlimited" Craig Townsend