http://www.sohars.com/privacy-policy/
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
330-467-1332
Login or Sign Up
|
0
Contact Us
Help & Info
About Us
Directions
FAQ
Financing
Pickup & Delivery
Privacy Policy
Save for Later
Shop
Pages
Shop By Category
Shop by Brand
Used Equipment
Service
Parts
Blog
Main Menu
Shop By Category
Shop by Brand
Used Equipment
Service
Parts
Blog
Search
Reset Search
×
Login
Forgot your password?
or
Sign Up
0
We do not ship equipment items via UPS, FedEx or USPS at this time. Equipment items may be picked up at our store or delivered via our local delivery service within our limited service area.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online and in-store information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Email Newsletter
While we don't send out a lot of emails right now, we may soon offer a way to signup for an email newsletter. Please rest assured that we're not going to sell your email address to someone and that if you say no, we won't send you anything, we promise. We may send you an order confirmation/pickup confirmation/invoice to your email. Our goal is to treat our customers the way we would like to be treated. We don't like it when we get emails from companies or get on lists that we didn't sign up for, so we won't do that to you. Spam is not good and we'd like to separate ourselves from that title.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Sohars All Season Mower Service, Inc. or RCPW, Inc. website. On some pages, you can make requests and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name, Email Address, Phone Number, and a Personal Message/Question.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 330-467-1332 or send us a message.
Send a Message
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide to contact you in response to your question/comment.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent only to complete the order or answer the question. For example, if the Toro Company needs your contact info to directly send you a manual, diagram, or fix a warranty issue, we will have to give them your information to complete the request or solve the issue.
We use the return email address and/or phone number to answer the requests we receive. Such information provided to us will not be used for any other purpose and is not shared with outside parties.
We display no advertising on our website as a courtesy to our customers. No "market" information or personal/business information is ever gathered by us and passed on to advertisers, third-parties, or vendors.
Sometimes we have to share customer information with manufacturers. We only do this while registering new equipment items for warranty purposes. When equipment is registered with the manufacturer we always opt-out of allowing the use of our customer's information for any promotional purposes.
In some instances, we may pass your contact info along to a third party solely for delivery purposes.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
×