http://www.naturalgear.com/privacy-policy
NG-logo-notag
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The policies below are applicable to the Natural Gear online service (the "Service") produced and maintained by Natural Gear. Natural Gear collects personally identifying information during registrations for (a) Natural Gear (b) subscriptions to the Natural Gear, or (c) online purchases. In addition, information is collected in certain portions of the Service in which guests specifically and knowingly provide such information along with content submissions, questions from the members of the Natural Gear, and additional comments and suggestions.Natural Gear may use such information for its internal purposes, including but not limited to editorial and feedback purposes. Information submitted at the time of registration or submission may be used for marketing and promotional purposes Natural Gear and may be shared with companies that have been prescreened by Natural Gear. If a guest objects to such use for any reason, he/she may stop that use - either by e-mail request or by modifying his/her registration information online. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes while at the site. Cookies make Web-surfing easier by, among other things, saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences for you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you'll find cookies at most major Web sites. Cookies improve Natural Gear web sites by showing how and when guests use the site. Many content improvements and updates are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. Here are some other examples of how Natural Gearuses cookies:
A cookie lets the Service remember that you've registered, which allows us to speed up your future activities at our sites.
Similarly, the Natural Gear Store uses a temporary cookie to track which products you've selected while shopping. The cookie expires once you're done shopping. Letting it do the record-keeping saves you the trouble of entering information over and over again during a single visit. If you decline this cookie, you may have difficulty ordering your selections.
The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information although it may enable Natural Gear to relate a user's use of the Service to personally identifying information that has previously been submitted by the user, if any.
You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. These cookies are sent from third-party computers and are subject to such third parties' policies. The Natural Gear web site contains links to third party web sites including vendors of our recommended products and gear. We cannot verify the validity of the information on these sites, be held liable for any content included on those sites, or the handling of your private information by those sites. Natural Gear reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests, through a notice posted on the Service or by email, of the existence of a new privacy policy or any updates.
ATTENTION KIDS:IF YOU ARE UNDER THE AGE OF 18, YOU MUST GET PERMISSION FROM YOUR PARENT OR LEGAL GUARDIAN BEFORE YOU DO ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICE:
SEND ANY INFORMATION ABOUT YOURSELF OR OTHERS
BUY ANYTHING ON THIS WEBSITE
×
Stay in the Know
Be the first to know about new products and promotions
Email Address
Thank you for subscribing!
There was an error subscribing your email address. Please try again.
×