https://www.timberwolforganics.com/legal-terms
Skip to content
Legal Terms
Legal TermsTimberwolf2020-08-17T20:30:01-04:00
Legal TermsPlease read the following terms and conditions carefully before using this website.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Timberwolf Naturals LLC. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Timberwolf Naturals LLC,  Copyright 2003 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Timberwolf Naturals LLC. or purchasing Timberwolf Naturals LLC products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Timberwolf Naturals LLC or to purchase Timberwolf Naturals LLC. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Timberwolf Naturals LLC. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Timberwolf Naturals LLC  used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Timberwolf Naturals LLC.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Timberwolf Naturals LLC. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Timberwolf Naturals LLC. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Timberwolf Naturals LLC. does not make any representations or warranties regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you. You should check these terms as they apply to your particular state or venue.Limitation of LiabilityTimberwolf Naturals LLC. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages whatsoever that might, from time to time, result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Timberwolf Naturals LLC. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. You should check these terms as they apply to your particular state or venue.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Timberwolf Naturals LLC  product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price or incorrect specification, Timberwolf Naturals LLC. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price or specification, as the case may be. Timberwolf Naturals LLC  reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Timberwolf Naturals LLC. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.TerminationTerms and Conditions contained herein are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part thereof, may be terminated by Timberwolf Naturals LLC. without notice at any time, or for any reason whatsoever. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeTimberwolf Naturals LLC. may deliver notice to you by means of email, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Timberwolf Naturals LLC.MiscellaneousUsage of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Florida, USA, without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Timberwolf Naturals’ products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Orange County, Florida. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Timberwolf Naturals LLC’s products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Timberwolf Naturals LLC’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right whatsoever. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act, or be construed as an intention to, modify or alter any of these terms and conditions. Timberwolf Naturals LLC. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party, at any time, without notice.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via email, chat-instant messaging, Facebook, Twitter, SMS, Blogging, Forums, BBS or any similar media, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden and punishable to the fullest extent of applicable laws. Impersonation of others, including a Timberwolf Naturals LLC  or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is strictly prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization. Usage of this site is regulated under 18USC§2510-2521 and European Union Harmonized Directives regarding Internet usage as well as other applicable laws.Participation DisclaimerTimberwolf Naturals LLC. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible or liable for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Timberwolf Naturals LLC  is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Timberwolf Naturals LLC. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Timberwolf Naturals LLC. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou (“User”) hereby and at all times agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Timberwolf Naturals LLC , its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the “Service Providers”) from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Timberwolf Naturals LLC  may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Timberwolf Naturals LLC , Timberwolf Naturals LLC. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Timberwolf Naturals LLC  These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Timberwolf Naturals LLC. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Go to Top