http://www.bearsaver.com/pages/privacy-policy
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At BearSaver, we appreciate and value the trust you place in us. This Privacy Policy explains how personal information about website visitors is collected, used, and disclosed by our company. This policy applies to BearSaver, trash-cans.com, and any other places where we may collect personal information.
Contents
Collection of Your Personal Information
Use of Your Personal Information
Sharing of Your Personal Information
Your Communication Choices
Updating Your Personal Information
Security of Your Personal Information
Policy Changes
Contact Us
Collection of Your Personal Information
Personal information is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you online or offline. We collect information you provide to us when you:
Create an account
Sign in as a guest
Create a profile
Make a purchase
Email, call or communicate with us
Sign up for email updates and promotions
Place an online order Inquire about our services
Submit an application for credit
The types of personal information we collect include your name, title, company name, email address, location address, phone or fax number, interests and preferences, transaction information, and order information.
Automatic Information Collection. When you access our site, we automatically collect information about your IP address, web browser used, access times, and the Internet pages you visited before visiting our site.
Cookies. We automatically collect data using cookies, which enhance our ability to serve you. A cookie is a small data file that our site transfers to your computer. We deliver these cookies and collect data on our site, and we may also use a third party agent to deliver cookies and collect data. We use the data we collect using cookies to help support the integrity of the registration and buying processes on our site, retain your preferences and account settings, learn about your possible interests so we can personalize our marketing and information to better support your interests, and improve our site and your experience.
We may also use flash cookies (local shared objects) to enhance your online experience. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site. Visit Adobe Flash Player security and privacy to learn more about how Adobe Systems, Inc. protects your privacy.
Web Beacons. We may also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails. We use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon.
Use of Your Personal Information
We will use your personal information as follows:
To provide and deliver products and services, process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
To respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
To administer your membership and communicate with you about your member benefits;
To send you communications about BearSaver and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events and geographically relevant information;
To maintain and administer your BearSaver Online Account.
Sharing of Your Personal Information
BearSaver does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
However, we may need to share your personal information with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing, shipping, and email distribution. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform the service for which they were hired and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than BearSaver.
We may also share aggregated data with third parties for analysis and research purposes. This data does not contain name, address or other personally identifiable information.
When making a credit card transaction on our site, we use a certified third party to ensure the safety and security of your personal information. Authorize.net has its own privacy and security policies, which can be reviewed here.
Your Communication Choices
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from BearSaver by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in those emails. You may also change your communication preferences in your My Account profile. Should you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, including emails regarding your purchases, account, or other ongoing business relations.
Updating your Personal Information
If you would like to update or correct your personal information, go to your My Account page. To protect your privacy, you will be asked to enter your password upon submitting any updates or changes to your profile.
Security of Your Personal Information
We use reasonable security measures and safeguards to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction while it is under our control.
Policy Changes
From time to time, BearSaver may makes changes to this policy. Should any changes be made, we will post these changes to our website and update the Effective Date above. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Contact Us
For questions, comments or concerns about this policy or about our privacy practices, please contact our Customer Service Department at 1-800-851-3887 or privacy@bearsaver.com.
h2 Socialize With Us
Facebook
YouTube
Join Mailing List
E-mail