http://www.theatretokens.com/terms-of-sale
Give the gift of theatre
Theatre Tokens And Gift CardTerms And Conditions Of Sale
1.    These Terms1.1    What these terms cover. These are the terms and conditions on which we supply Theatre Tokens in Gift Card, eGift and, if applicable, paper format (the “Products”, each a “Product”) to you via our website at TheatreTokens.com (the “Website”). 1.2    Why you should read them. Please read these terms carefully before you submit your order to us. By purchasing a Product you accept these Terms. Please feel free to print or save a copy of these terms for your records.  These terms tell you who we are, how we will provide Products to you, how you and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information. 1.3    Changes to these terms. We reserve the right to amend these terms from time to time.  Amendments will take effect when posted on the Website.  Please check the Website regularly for changes.2.    Information About Us And How To Contact Us2.1    Who we are. Theatre Tokens are administered by Society of London Theatre a company registered in England and Wales with company no 527227 and VAT number 242 2802 92, whose registered office is at 32 Rose Street, London, WC2E 9ET (“SOLT”). 2.2    How to contact us. You can contact us by telephoning 020 3011 0755 or by writing to us at:Theatre TokensPostal Address:32 Rose StreetCovent GardenLondonWC2E 9ETEmail: enquiries@theatretokens.com2.3    How we may contact you. If we have to contact you we will do so by telephone or by writing to you at the email address or postal address you provided to us in your order. 2.4    "Writing" includes emails. When we use the words "writing" or "written" in these terms, this includes emails.3.    The ProductsTheatre Tokens are gift vouchers with which you may only purchase theatre tickets in the UK from participating theatres and which currently are supplied in plastic gift card, electronic (via email) and paper format.4.    Our Contract With You4.1    How we will accept your order. Your order of a Product is an offer to purchase from us. Our acceptance of your order will take place  when we display a confirmation page at the end of the ordering process, at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us. We recommend that you print out a copy of the confirmation email for your records. 4.2    If we cannot accept your order. If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this in writing and will not charge you for the Product. This might be because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for or because we are unable to meet a delivery deadline you have specified. 4.3    Your order number. We will assign an order number to your order and tell you what it is when we accept your order. It will help us if you can tell us the order number whenever you contact us about your order.4.4    We only deliver to the UK. Unfortunately, we only deliver to addresses in the UK.4.5    Cancellation. When you purchase a Product from us via the Website, you have the right to cancel your order within 14 days from the day after we accept your order (“Cancellation Period”), provided that you or the person you have sent the Product to has not used the Product. If you wish to cancel your order within the Cancellation Period, please contact us at the contact details set out in paragraph 2.2 above. We will refund you the price you paid for the Products including delivery costs, by the method you used for payment. The maximum refund for delivery costs will be the costs of delivery by the least expensive delivery method we offer. For example, if we offer delivery of a product within 3-5 days at one cost but you choose to have the product delivered within 24 hours at a higher cost, then we will only refund what you would have paid for the cheaper delivery option. The Products must be returned to us at your own cost.  We do not give refunds in any other circumstances unless you have a statutory right to a refund. 4.6    When your refund will be made. We will make any refunds due to you as soon as possible. If you are exercising your right to change your mind then your refund will be made within 14 days from the day on which we receive the product back from you or, if earlier, the day on which you provide us with evidence that you have sent the product back to us. For information about how to return a product to us, see paragraph 2.2. 4.7    Product Price. The Product price and delivery cost shall be as displayed on the Website during the ordering process, except in cases of obvious error. Please note that we are not under an obligation to provide the Product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after the confirmation page has been displayed and the confirmation email has been sent to you, if such a pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing. 4.7    VAT. All stated prices include any applicable Value Added Tax or other tax.4.8    Payment Method. Payment can be made by any method specified in the order process. We will deduct your payment from your card at the time we process your credit/debit card transaction. Refunds will only be made to the card used for payment. 4.9    Terms of Use of Product. Please note that the use of the Product by you or by the person to whom you have sent the Product is subject to the Theatre Token Terms and Conditions of Use and these are set out in full at the end of these Terms in paragraph 12.4.10    Register your Product.  We recommend registering the Product online at our Website. We will replace lost or stolen Products up to the value on those Products at the date they were lost/stolen.  We do not otherwise replace lost or stolen products once they have been delivered to you. 4.11    Complaints. If you have any complaint or concern regarding these Terms and/or your purchase, please contact us at the details set out in paragraph 2.2 above.5.    Privacy And Security5.1    Privacy Policy. Please read the SOLT Privacy Policy, which is deemed to form part of these Terms and is incorporated into these Terms. The Privacy Policy helps you understand how SOLT may collect and use your personal information, and the choices you can make about how your personal information is used. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the Privacy Policy and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail to the extent of such conflict or inconsistency.5.2    Your data. When you purchase a Product via the Website, all transaction details that you provide to us (including your name and credit card details) will be held and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 5.3    Website Terms of Use. For Website sales, please read the SOLT Terms of Use, which are deemed to form part of these Terms and are incorporated into these Terms by reference. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between the SOLT Terms of Use and these Terms, these Terms shall prevail to the extent of such conflict or inconsistency.6.    Our Rights To Make Changes6.1    Minor changes to the products. We may change the Product: (a)    to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements; and (b)    to implement minor technical adjustments and improvements, for example to address a security threat. These changes should not affect your use of the Product.7.    Providing The Products7.1    Delivery Options. Products will be delivered to you in accordance with the option you have chosen during the order process7.2    Delivery costs. The costs of delivery will be as displayed to you on the Website during the order process.7.3    When we will provide the products. During the order process we will let you know when we will provide the Products to you. 7.4    We are not responsible for delays outside our control. If our supply of the Products is delayed by an event outside our control then we will contact you as soon as possible to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. Provided we do this we will not be liable for delays caused by the event, but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the contract and receive a refund for any Products you have paid for but not received. 7.5    Lost or stolen products.  We will replace a Product lost or stolen during delivery by us free of charge.8.    Our Rights To End The Contract8.1    We may end the contract if you break it. We may end the contract for a product at any time by writing to you if:(a)    you do not make any payment to us when it is due and you still do not make payment within 7 days of our reminding you that payment is due;(b)    you do not, within a reasonable time of us asking for it, provide us with information that is necessary for us to provide the Products, for example, a delivery address;(c)    you do not, within a reasonable time, allow us to deliver the Products to you or collect them from us.9.    If There Is A Problem With The Product9.1    How to tell us about problems. If you have any questions or complaints about the Product, please contact us at the contact address or number set out in paragraph 2.2.9.2    Summary of your legal rights. We are under a legal duty to supply Products that are in conformity with this contract. Nothing in these terms will affect your legal rights10.    Our Responsibility For Loss Or Damage Suffered By You10.1    We are responsible to you for foreseeable loss and damage caused by us. If we fail to comply with these Terms, we are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of our breaking these Terms or our failing to use reasonable care and skill, but we are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if either it is obvious that it will happen or if, at the time the contract was made, both we and you knew it might happen, for example, if you discussed it with us during the sales process.10.2    We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the Products including the right to receive products which are: as described and match information we provided to you and any sample or model seen or examined by you; of satisfactory quality; fit for any particular purpose made known to us; supplied with reasonable skill and care; and for defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987.11.    Other Important Terms11.1    We may transfer this contract to someone else. We may transfer our rights and obligations under these Terms to another organisation. We will contact you to let you know if we plan to do this.11.2    Nobody else has any rights under this contract. This contract is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms.11.3    If a court finds part of this contract illegal, the rest will continue in force. Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect.11.4    Even if we delay in enforcing this contract, we can still enforce it later. If we do not insist immediately that you do anything you are required to do under these Terms, or if we delay in taking steps against you in respect of your breaking this contract, that will not mean that you do not have to do those things and it will not prevent us taking steps against you at a later date. For example, if you miss a payment and we do not chase you but we continue to provide the Products, we can still require you to make the payment at a later date.11.5    Which laws apply to this contract and where you may bring legal proceedings. These terms are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in respect of the Products or these Terms in the English courts, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear such disputes. 11.6    Alternative dispute resolution. Alternative dispute resolution is a process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. If you are not happy with how we have handled any complaint, you may want to use alternative dispute resolution. The European Commission has established a website for online dispute resolution which is available at www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/, and which is designed to assist consumers in resolving disputes online without having to go to court.12.     Theatre Tokens Terms Of Use•    Theatre Tokens can be used to purchase tickets at any theatre participating in the Theatre Tokens scheme at the time of redemption (subject to ticket availability). A list of participating theatres is available on our Where To Use page. You acknowledge that participating theatres may withdraw from the scheme at any time. While SOLT uses its reasonable efforts to maintain an accurate and up to date list of participating theatres on the website, SOLT makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or completeness and is not responsible for any errors or omissions on such list.•    Tickets are subject to availability and a booking fee may apply. You acknowledge that theatres participating in the Theatre Tokens scheme reserve the right to restrict the use of Theatre Tokens in respect of tickets for certain performances or events and/or to restrict or prohibit the use of Theatre Tokens in conjunction with any discounts and/or other special offers offered by the theatres including discounted group bookings at their sole discretion.•    Theatre Tokens may not be exchanged for tickets already supplied or for other goods.  They cannot be resold, transferred for value or exchanged for cash. •    Gift Cards cannot be used to purchase other Gift Cards. Gift Cards are not credit or charge cards.•    If the value of Theatre Tokens exchanged by you exceed the price of the tickets purchased (including any booking fee): if in paper format, change will be given as Gift Card; if in Gift Card format, no cash change will be given on purchases. If the price of the tickets purchased by you (including any booking fee) is more than the value of the Theatre Tokens exchanged, you will be required to pay the balance.•    Theatre Tokens have no expiry date.•    Theatre Tokens shall not be liable or responsible for lost, stolen, destroyed or damaged Gift Cards, or if any card is used without your permission. Theatre Tokens is unable to replace Theatre Tokens if lost or stolen (unless this occurs during delivery or you have registered your Theatre Tokens with us online (see paragraph 4.10).•    Once you have redeemed your Theatre Tokens by exchanging the Theatre Tokens for tickets to performances at participating theatres, Society of London Theatre will have no further liability to you in respect of such Theatre Tokens. Your tickets will be subject to the terms and conditions of sale issued by the retailer from whom you obtained your tickets and any exchange or refund requests in respect of such tickets must be made directly to such retailer. Before exchanging your Theatre Tokens for tickets to performances at participating theatres you should ensure that you have checked the relevant retailer’s refund and exchange policy and if applicable any ticket insurance options.•    SOLT reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of these Terms and Conditions of Sale at any time.•    To check your Gift Card balance visit TheatreTokens.com or call 020 3011 0755.
Competitions, Prize Draws And Promotional Offers Terms And Conditions
From time to time it may be possible to enter competitions or prize draws through the Website. There may be additional terms and conditions applicable to those competitions or prize draws and where any such additional terms apply, you will be notified of that fact and given an opportunity to read those terms and conditions before you enter the competition or prize draw.
10% Off Offer
Where the 10% off offer is available, the following terms and conditions apply: The maximum order value is £500 per household. The minimum order value is £5. The offer is not valid on greetings cards and postage. The offer is only available with the specific promotional code specified and up until the deadline date advertised with each offer. The offer is not valid when buying Theatre Tokens through a voucher exchange including, but not limited to, Virgin vouchers, Leisure vouchers, Sodexho Sayshopping vouchers, Compliments voucher or Post Office One4All vouchers. Standard Theatre Tokens terms and conditions of sale, above, also apply.