http://www.fauxfurthrows.com/terms-and-conditions
Terms and conditions
Our terms and conditions comply with UK and EU legislation and are designed to ensure that our customers can shop easily and with confidence with Faux­FurT­hrows.­com. These terms and conditions only apply to web site sales. Customer Services We are the world's first and longest established specialist online retailer of faux fur throws, and have a wealth of experience to assist you in making the perfect choice. Our friendly and highly knowledgable customer services team are available to answer your queries Monday to Friday, 9am to 5pm on 01255 224117 (free call within BT inclusive minutes, other network charges and mobiles may vary), this line is also usually manned at weekends from October to January; however, answerphone messages may be left at out of office hours. Callers from outside the UK may reach us on +44 1255 224117  If you would prefer to speak to a real person and place your order by telephone, please feel free to do so. Alter­natively contact us by e-mail on info@­fauxfurthrows.­com Pricing Default prices are in £ sterling and inclusive of UK VAT. However, for the benefit of non-UK customers, pricing is also available in Euro and US Dollars (please make selection from drop-down box at top right of any screen) and if you select one of these currencies, these are the actual prices you will pay and which will be charged to your card when you make a purchase. If you are a non-UK customer paying in £ sterling and pay by credit/debit card, the transaction will be converted to your local currency at the rates of exchange applying when the transaction is processed. Please note that the actual rate used is determined by YOUR credit card company and is beyond our control. Occa­si­onally, promotional discounts may apply to specific products or ranges; the price marked on each product page is the price AFTER the relevant discount has been deducted, and is the price you will pay. Prices may be subject to change without notice. Where discounted prices are shown, any discount expiry date is only indicative, and subject to stock being available, and as a result the discount may be withdrawn before expiration of such date. We reserve the right to refuse orders or refund any paid order in respect of any transaction accidentally mis-priced by error on this website which might result in loss to us. Customers outside UK Whilst this website is designed with UK customers in mind, we welcome enquiries from customers in other countries. We frequently sell goods to USA and Canada, Ireland and EC Europe, and pricing is now available in US Dollars and Euros for the convenience of customers in those countries, and your order may be processed completely online as long as you select the correct shipping zone which will calculate the correct charge to your destination. If you require delivery to a country outside the above mentioned, please contact us by e-mail or telephone and we can give you a shipping cost quotation usually within a few hours (please allow for time differences). We can also e-mail you with a customised order which can be paid securely online to complete the ordering process. Our Selling prices include UK Sales Tax (VAT), at the current statutory rate, which may not be payable by foreign customers outside the European Community; however, additional delivery charges will usually apply to all foreign sales. Please contact us by email or telephone for further information. Currently there are no export restrictions on any of the goods supplied in this website from the UK authorities; however, customers outside the EU (European Union) must accept respon­sibility for any import restric­tions, taxes or duties imposed in the country of their domicile or residence. These will vary by country and are outside of our control; please consult the relevant government department in your country if you need any further information. We can report that, from March 2016, USA has raised the level at which import duty is payable from $200 to $800 (approx £561 at current rates). This means that ALL single purchases of throws to USA will escape duty being charged. Please check the current information at US Customs and Border Protection. It is common in some countries (e.g. Spain) to specify a PO Box or Post Office address for delivery, and for the consignee to collect the parcel from there after delivery. Please note that these facilities are usually ONLY for government-controlled mail and parcel services, and deliveries from 3rd party carriers will not be accepted there - if this happens the parcel is automati­cally returned to us and you will be required to pay carriage again for re-delivery. Please check carefully before placing your order whether delivery can be accepted from carriers such as DHL, DPD and UPS to any such address you may be using. Otherwise you MUST specify a bona fide physical street address (whether private or business) where a parcel can be delivered and a signature obtained. Payment You may pay by most major credit cards or debit cards if ordering by telephone, or by cheque, UK postal order or money order if ordering by post. Please do not send money (notes) in the post. If you choose to pay by credit/debit card, we will only charge your card upon despatch of goods. If you choose to pay by cheque, your cheque will not be cashed before five working days prior to despatch of goods. We are only able to take payment by telephone in £ Sterling; however if you wish your order to be priced in another currency we can take your order by telephone and then supply you with some simple instructions to pay it securely online in the currency of your choice. Payment Security Our Payment Service Provider is Sage Pay — the largest independent payment service provider (PSP) in the UK and Ireland. Sage Pay provides a secure payment gateway (Level 1 PCI DSS), processing payments for thousands of online businesses, including ours. It is Sage Pay’s utmost priority to ensure that transaction data is handled in a safe and secure way. Sage Pay uses a range secure methods such as fraud screening, I.P address blocking and 3D secure. Once on the Sage Pay systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same inter­nati­onally recognised 256-bit encryption standards. Sage Pay is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant to the highest level and maintains regular security audits. They are also regularly audited by the banks and banking authorities to ensure that their systems are impe­net­rable. Sage Pay is an active member of the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) that defines card industry global regulation. In addition, you know that your session is in a secure encrypted environment when you see https:// in the web address, and/or when you see the locked padlock symbol alongside the URL. So when buying through our site, you can be sure that you are completely protected. More information about shopping securely with Sage Pay can be found at www.­sagepay.­com/­shoppers Product Availability and Despatch Items shown on this website may not always be in stock, so please do not rely on it if delivery of your item is urgently required; in such circum­stances please check by telephone or email prior to ordering. If any of your chosen items is not in stock, you will be advised of our best estimate of availability and delivery date at the time you place your order. Please note that an indication of such dates is an estimate only, may be subject to change without notice, and does not constitute a contractual obligation by Faux­FurT­hrows.­com to supply goods by a certain date. However, if availability is unduly delayed, we will use our best endeavours to keep you informed. The vast majority of goods in stock will be despatched within 1 working day of ordering. The cut-off time for same-day despatch is usually 2pm each working day, sometimes this may be a little later, but this is governed by the timing of our daily carrier collection which is beyond our control. We are unable to despatch goods at the weekend or on Public Holidays as our carriers do not collect on these days, so goods ordered after cut-off on Friday, for example, will not be despatched until Monday (or Tuesday, if Monday is a Public Holiday). Product Images and descriptions Please note that the colour of images shown on this website may be affected by the technology used to access it, such as your computer's display settings over which we have no control. Whilst we do our best to faithfully reproduce colours, some variation may occur. Even photo-quality printers rarely render the subtle fabric shadings truely, so printed web-pages should never be relied upon for colour accuracy. The best way of checking the suitability of a fabric is by obtaining a swatch sample. Accepting orders and security When you place an order, either by telephone or in writing, we will treat it as an offer to buy. If we accept your order, we will send you a confirmation e-mail with your order number, at which point we make a legal contract with you. However, we will be entitled to refuse to accept your order if we feel it necessary, in which case we will e-mail you as soon as we can to let you know. When you receive your e-mail confir­mation, you will have an opportunity to check the details and correct any errors. In deciding whether to accept your order we may use the information you have given to us, or we already hold about you, or which we receive from any enquiry we may make with various agencies, to confirm your identity. This assists us to protect you and us from fraudulent transac­tions.­If we decline your offer on security grounds we may contact you to seek an alternative payment method. Delivery The shopping cart on this website will automati­cally price delivery charges for delivery within the UK, EC Europe and USA/Canada. For any other countries please contact us. Our deliveries are contracted to outside carriers who deliver Mondays to Fridays (excluding public holidays) between the hours of 8-00am and 6-00pm. We regret that we are unable to specify exact delivery times as these are beyond our control. However, for most UK desti­nations, we now use Parcelforce for parcels over 2kg, which is a 24/48hr day service for most of UK (excluding offshore and certain remote Scottish Highland desti­nations). With our Parcelforce orders on morning of delivery you will receive an email and/or SMS message (if mobile number is given when you place your order) which will indicate a one-hour time slot in which delivery will be made. This is an interactive service, where you can instruct the carrier to change the delivery day, leave parcel with a neighbour or in a safe place etc, should the delivery slot be incon­venient. For UK deliveries only, you may request a particular day of delivery Monday to Friday at no extra cost, as long as we are notified up to 4pm two days before the required delivery day. A premium Saturday a.m. (9-00am to noon) delivery is available, at an additional charge of £17.25 per delivery; if you require this service, it must be specified at the time of ordering. Evening, Sunday and Bank Holiday deliveries are not available. Our carriers have recently required that we supply them with your telephone number in the event of a delivery query, otherwise if the address cannot be found, the parcel will be returned to us. It is mandatory to supply a contact telephone number for all inter­national deliveries - we cannot book the carrier without this. Telephone numbers will never be used by us or third parties for marketing purposes - please see our privacy policy. If you are not at home when the carrier calls, they will leave a card with the telephone number of their local depot. You MUST contact them within 48 hours, quoting the consignment number on the card, to re-arrange another delivery DAY (but you cannot specify a time) otherwise the parcel will automati­cally be returned to us, and you will then be responsible for any re-delivery charge. Carriers will attempt re-delivery only once, thereafter parcels are returned to us. We can deliver to friends, neighbours or relatives, or even to workplace addresses, if you have a problem with your home address being unattended Monday to Friday; however, if you do this, make sure the recipient is aware that the delivery is due and is available when the delivery is due.  Carriers will not accept alternative delivery addresses (e.g. if not home, deliver to this address instead) unless the alternative address is within 100 metres of the original address. If you are sending a gift to a third party, please advise them in advance of the delivery, and forward to them the tracking information you are sent. Surprises are nice, but not if the person is not at home when the delivery arrives! We have had cases of parcels being returned to us because the calling card was ignored, or even goods being refused as the recipient wasn't expecting anything and thought it was a mistake! All deliveries must be signed for and you should keep your receipt. If goods are showing obvious signs of damage in transit upon receipt, please refuse to accept the delivery. Cancel­lations and Returns We are pleased to offer a no-quibble cancellation and returns policy, which is in addition to your statutory rights under UK and EU law. Should your purchase disappoint in any way, you may return it for exchange or full refund, as long as you notify us of your intention to return, and instigate your return within 14 days of having received the goods. The goods must be unused, and in as-supplied condition, including any tags and clear carry-bag that the product was supplied in. Throws must be carefully folded in order to avoid any excessive creasing; items returned negligently and excessively creased may incur a re-processing charge. After the 14 day period we may only exchange goods at our discretion, refund will no longer be available. RETURNS WHERE WE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR RETURN We will arrange for return at our own expense, and exchange or refund as appropriate, if:
we have made an error and supplied you with different goods to that which you ordered, or if the goods arrive damaged or are found to be faulty, or You are a UK customer and have taken the trouble to obtain a fabric sample of your chosen item prior to making a purchase. We are happy to reward careful buyers by making the purchase process completely risk-free. You must inform us your wish to return if this applies, and we will supply a free returns label or arrange a carrier collection. Under no circum­stances will we reimburse the cost of return incurred any other way.
In all other circum­stances, the cost and risk of return is your sole respon­sibility. Some useful information about making a return which will help you minimise the cost of return can be found here Please let us know the reason for return, which will help us improve our products and services for the future. Don't forget to include a copy of the packing slip, or just a note containing your order number, name and postcode, to enable us to identify the return. We aim to process all exchanges (subject to stock availa­bility) and refunds within one working day of receipt. CUSTOM-MADE throws may only be returned in the extremely rare event of being faulty or damaged in transit. Customers ordering such items will be required to appove a fabric sample prior to purchase and give their specific agreement to this condition before their order is processed. Transit Damage All goods are examined in detail by ourselves prior to despatch to ensure that they leave our warehouse in perfect condition. However, transit damage unfor­tunately can very rarely occur. If your purchase is showing obvious signs of transit damage upon delivery, please refuse to accept delivery and notify us immediately. If damage is only evident upon opening of packaging, then you must inform us within 48 hours of receipt, otherwise our claim on your behalf against the carrier will be invalid. In either case, we will then arrange exchange /re-delivery of replacement goods as soon as possible. Faulty Goods Goods are fully guaranteed against faults in manufacture, materials or workmanship for a period of two years from delivery. Our quality standards are extremely high and claims under these terms are rarely received. No warranty is made in respect of commercial rather than domestic use. If your goods develop a fault within 28 days of delivery, the goods may be returned for either refund in full, or replacement. Replacement only is offered after 28 days and before 2 years. These promises do not apply to faults caused by accident, neglect or misuse, and in particular, to failure to adhere to Machine Washing Instructions or Dry-Clean Only instruc­tions. Refunds Any refunds due to return of goods from any of the reasons noted above will be made by the same method by which the transaction was originally paid (i.e. card refund, PayPal refund or cheque as appropriate). Refunds will be processed within two working days of receipt of returned goods; notification of refund will be made to you at the same time by e-mail. Our liability in all circum­stances is limited to the cost of goods provided and any carriage and/or return carriage involved. Under no circum­stances are we liable for any other costs or claims, conse­qu­en­tial or otherwise. Sales on this web site are governed by English law and you agree to submit any dispute to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. All orders are subject to these terms and conditions and no amendments will be accepted by us. These terms and conditions do not affect your legal rights. These terms and conditions only cover the Faux­FurT­hrows.­com web site. Any other web sites to which you link from this site may be governed by their own terms and conditions. We accept no respon­sibility or liability for the content of web sites which are not under our control. We are required by law to tell you that sales can be concluded in English only and that we do not file copies of customer contracts. Faux­FurT­hrows.­com is a trading name of The Faux Fur Company Limited; The Design Studio.12, Valleybridge Road. Clacton On Sea. Essex. CO154AD  Registered in England, Company Number 11951289 We do not guarantee that this web site will be compatible with all customers' computers, or mobile devices or web browsers. Copyright Faux­FurT­hrows.­com owns the copyright in all materials on this site, which may be used, downloaded, copied, reproduced, republished, posted, broadcast, transmitted or linked only for your own personal and non-commercial use. You agree not to adapt, alter or create any derivative work from any material on this site, or to restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of this site by anyone else. It is not permitted to create any link to or from this web site without our prior written consent.