http://www.attarbazaar.com/terms.asp
Terms
www.attarbazaar.com
(Your shopping cart is empty)
My Account/Order Status |
Contact Us
Fragrances
All Natural and Organic
Gift Items
Courses
About Us
List of All Products
Sale Items
Terms and Conditions of Sale and Website Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Chishti Group, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Chishti Group, Inc.. Copyright, Chishti Group, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Chishti Group, Inc. or purchasing Chishti Group, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Chishti Group, Inc. or to purchase Chishti Group, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Chishti Group, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Chishti Group, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Chishti Group, Inc.Product DescriptionsWe attempt to describe the items offered on the Site as accurately as possible; however, we do not warrant that the descriptions or other content on the Site are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. From time to time the design of products or product packaging and labels may change, or be substituted with a similar package design. Some items are of a unique nature and may look slightly different than what is pictured. Chishti Group, Inc. does not provide ingredient lists of fragrance products and provides all products containing fragrances without warranty or representation that the fragrance will maintain consistent smell, texture, color or ingredients as previous batches of the same fragrance.Product SafetyWe recommend that you use general precaution when using Attar Bazaar products. Keep out of reach of children. Do not use in or near the eyes, mouth or open wounds. Do not swallow. If irritation of any kind occurs, discontinue use immediately. Please adhere to these and any other product safety warnings on the product packaging or label.Not For Resale or ExportBy purchasing products from Chishti Group, Inc. you agree that you will not re-sell the products or export them outside of the shipping location on your order. All products are intended for personal, non-commercial use. Return PolicyUnless otherwise noted, all sales made through the Site are backed by a 30-day money-back guarantee. If for any reason you wish to return the item(s) you purchased, we offer refund (by same method of payment), exchange or store credit for the purchase price. Shipping & handling charges will not be refunded and returning shipping costs will be your responsibility.In order to return an item, please follow these steps:1. E-mail contact@attarbazaar.com with the following information:- Order number.- Date of purchase- Method of return (refund, credit, exchange). If exchange, please explain the products you would like to receive in exchange.- The best contact information to reach you by (phone or e-mail).2. Wait for an e-mail or phone reply to obtain a return merchandise authorization (RMA) number.3. Send the item back to the address provided with the RMA number. We recommend you use a delivery confirmation service with insurance up to the value of the item.Please include a copy of your invoice with the package.4. After we receive your return, we will process the refund, credit or exchange. While we try to process returns as quickly as we can, please allow up to 7 days for processing after we receive your item.Payments and Disputed PaymentsChishti Group, Inc. does not accept checks, drafts, or money orders for orders submitted through the Site. We accept only the methods available in the checkout process. You will bear all costs associated with a disputed credit card charge which results in action from Chishti Group, Inc.'s merchant account provider, otherwise known as "chargebacks".
Sales TaxChishti Group, Inc. charges sales tax on orders being shipped to California. No taxes are due on gift cards purchased through the site. The gift card holder will be
charged applicable sales taxes when merchandise is purchased and an AttarBazaar.com gift card is used as tender. If other items are
purchased from the Site that are subject to sales tax, Chishti Group, Inc. will display the tax amount due at the point of purchase. The payment of sales or use tax due on purchases shipped to locations outside of California is the responsibility of the customer.International OrdersCustoms tax and duties assessed by foreign governments are the sole
responsibility of the customer. The shipping and handling charges Chishti Group, Inc. applies to orders do
not include these fees. All customers acknowledge and
agree to pay all taxes and duties for shipments outside of the U.S.A.The products offered for sale by Chishti Group, Inc. conform to the laws of the United States with regards to packging, labeling, contents and descriptions. Chishti Group, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the products sold will conform to the laws of other countries or be suitable for use in any country other than the United States. Chishti Group, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or
consequential damages that result from the use of, the inability to
use, or the performance of the products,
even if Chishti Group, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.Any international shipments that are "refused" by the customer, not "claimed" by the customer at his/her port of entry, and then consequently returned to Chishti Group, Inc. in the U.S.A. shall be charged a 30% restocking fee before any refunds will be issued.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Chishti Group, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Chishti Group, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Chishti Group, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.No Reverse Engineering or Product TestingChishti Group, Inc. retains all right, title, and interest in and to Attar Bazaar products. You agree to not attempt to reverse engineer, copy, or conduct testing of any kind on Attar Bazaar products, except to the extent allowed under any applicable law. If applicable law permits such activities, any information so discovered must be promptly disclosed to Chishti Group, Inc. and shall be deemed confidential proprietary information of Chishti Group, Inc. and may not be shared with any party other than Chishti Group, Inc. for any reason.Limitation of LiabilityChishti Group, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Chishti Group, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Chishti Group, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Chishti Group, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Chishti Group, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Chishti Group, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Chishti Group, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeChishti Group, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Chishti Group, Inc..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Chishti Group, Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in San Diego County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Chishti Group, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Chishti Group, Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Chishti Group, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Chishti Group, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerChishti Group, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Chishti Group, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Chishti Group, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Chishti Group, Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chishti Group, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Chishti Group, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Chishti Group, Inc., Chishti Group, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Chishti Group, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Chishti Group, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).Claims of Copyright InfringementWe respect the
intellectual property rights of others, and require that the people who
use this website do the same. In appropriate circumstances, we will
terminate the registration of any user who engages in any
activity which may infringe on the intellectual property rights of
others, including copyrights. If you believe that any Content shown on
or transmitted through this website violates these Terms or your
copyright you can report such violation by sending a letter or fax to the person listed below. In the case of a copyright violation please
provide the following information, at a minimum:
A
physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on
behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;Identification
of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple
copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single
notification, a representative list of such works at that site;Identification
of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject
of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is
to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to
locate the material;Information reasonably
sufficient to permit us to contact the complaining party, such as an
address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail
address at which the complaining party may be contacted;A
statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use
of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the
copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA
statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and
under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to
act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed.
You may also report a copyright
violation by providing the above information to Chishti Group, Inc.'s agent listed below, who is registered as our designated agent
with the Copyright Office pursuant to Title 17, United States Code,
Section 512(c)(2):
Muhammad Chishti 1945 Camino Vida Roble Ste A
Carlsbad, CA 92008
Phone: (760) 929-1385 x204
Fax: (760) 918-2462
Company
About Us
Wholesale Inquires
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Sale
Return Policy
Customer Service
Contact Us
My Account/Order Status
Shipping Info
Return Authorization
Ordering FAQ
E-Mail Updates
News and Specials sent to you by email! Sign up here:
Order toll free: 1-800-344-7172
Copyright © 2014 Chishti Group, Inc..
Built with Volusion