https://www.vernscheese.com/terms-conditions-privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditions / Privacy Policy
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions:
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to our Vern's Cheese, Inc. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing Wisconsin State Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalization and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Privacy & Security Policy
Vern's Cheese respects and is committed to protecting your privacy.
We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site.
We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited.
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Vern's Cheese does not share any customer information with any other company or third party. All information that is given will remain confidential.
Disclaimer: Exclusions & Limitations
The information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:
excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and
excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.
This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Both the Client and ourselves have the right to terminate any Services Agreement for any reason, including the ending of services that are already underway. No refunds shall be offered, where a Service is deemed to have begun and is, for all intents and purposes, underway. Any monies that have been paid to us which constitute payment in respect of the provision of unused Services, shall be refunded.
All sales are final.
Shipping Information
Please review our Shipping Policies & FAQ page which details the terms of shipping.
Third Party Notices & Terms
You also agree not to hold any third party associated with this Company's website and shopping cart - whether it be hosting the website, data storage, or anything having to do with the website or transactions performed through this website - liable for malicious attacks of your computer or server, stolen information, or other data loss or highjacking of your computer or our website.
Availability
Unless otherwise stated, the services featured on this website are only available within the United States, or in relation to postings from the United States.
All advertising is intended solely for the United States market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site.
Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company.
The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.