https://www.binderbooks.com/shipping-and-return-policy.html
× Log In
Email Address:
Password:
Log In Reset
Forgot your password?
Register
Dont have account? Register Here
Order Status
Where is my order? Check Here
× Shopping Cart
Name Quantity Price
Total
View Cart Checkout
× Search
Toggle navigationMENU
Home
Manuals
Decals
Collectibles
Contact Us
Shipping and Return Policy
Home Reprint Manuals Original Manuals Decals Collectibles
Home Shipping and Return Policy
Return Policy:
Customer Satisfaction is our #1 goal at At Binder Books
ALL RETURNS ARE SUBJECT TO A 15% RESTOCK FEE. WE DO NOT ACCEPT RETURNS AFTER 30 DAYS. IF A RETURN IS NOT AUTHORIZED IT WILL BE REFUSED. ANY PROBLEMS WITH THE ORDER MUST BE REPORTED WITHIN 72 HOURS OF DELIVERY.
No returns will be accepted on any electrical or special ordered parts - NO EXCEPTIONS. However we will make exceptions for goods damaged upon arrival or for goods missing parts that are not replaceable. To start the return process please contact customer service at
530-274-1795 in order to receive a RMA(Return Material Authorization) number. RMA number must be present on the outside of the package or on the shipping documents otherwise it will be subject to refusal upon delivery.
Orders canceled after 24 hours of being placed may be subject to a cancellation fee of up to 10%.
Our Business Hours are M-F 7:30AM-4:30PM PST.
Terms of Service
It is illegal to install, sell or offer for sale any aftermarket part that alters or modifies the original design or performance of the motor vehicle pollution control system unless the part is exempted or has an Executive Order issued by the California Air Resources Board (also commonly referred to as the "EO" number). Installation of parts which are not CARB approved on a pollution-controlled vehicle in the State of California may result in the Department of Motor Vehicles (DMV) revoking the vehicle registration and certificate of ownership (title), refusing the transfer of registration, and/or the vehicle failing smog inspection. Law enforcement may cite you for the use of an illegal aftermarket part and seize your title and license plate.	Attention California residents. Proposition 65
WARNING
: Some
of the products sold through this website contain/
may
contain
chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Privacy Policy:
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service. We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us or from another party in the future.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
Privacy Notice
Information Collection and Use: IH PARTS AMERICA is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates.
Shipping & Delivery:
All books orders will be shipped via USPS Media Mail. Please allow 7-10 business days for delivery. Priority Mail options are available at checkout. Orders received before 12:00PM Pacific Standard Time will normally ship the same business day on in stock items.