http://www.eknives.com/privacy-policy/
Sheath
Knucks
Flashlights
Wallets
Tools
Other
Shop Gear
Ti2 Design Custom Techliner Pens Avail Now
$145.00
Microtech
Microtech
Marfione Custom
Ultratech
UTX-85
UTX-70
Combat Troodon
LUDT
Exocet
Halo VI
Hawk
Socom Elite
Troodon
Cypher
Fixed Blades
Dirac Delta
Dirac
Shop Microtech
Microtech Exocet Money Clip OTF Knife Cali Legal 1.9" Stonewash 157-10
$251.00
Sale
Blog
My Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Information Collected
EKNIVES collects information when you place an order, register on our site or receive our newsletter, email etc.. When an order is places we ask for name, email, address, phone number and credit card information.
How We Use Collected Information From You
EKNIVES may use your information provided when you purchase from us, enter in a drawing or giveaway, email us, live chat with us, surf our site or opt in to receive our newsletter.
How We Protect Your Personal Information
EKNIVES protects its customer's information while shopping on the site by means of a Comodo SSL(Secure Socket Layer) that is 256-bit encryption. When you enter your credit card details on our site, the highest security available (256-bit) is applied meaning you have no worries about your information leaking from our site.
EKNIVES does not sell or share any information collected on this site without first notifying you of such with the exception of the following:
Website and hosting partners who help assist us in conducting day to day business but agree to keep info confidential
We may release your information if we deem it necessary to comply with Laws pertaining to such, enforce our policies or protech safety, rights and others property.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, EKNIVES may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with EKNIVES, EKNIVES has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of EKNIVES. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, EKNIVES seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Terms & Conditions
For our Terms and Conditions please visit our Terms page Here!
Consent
By using our site you agree to eKNIVES Privacy Policy in full.
×