http://www.endurosport.com/privacy-security/
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we retain or use your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will do so with either you direct or implied consent as per the Canadian Anti-Spam legislation (CASL). More information in CASL can be found on here.
Express Consent
If you have provided your email in person or online you provide Express Consent by clicking a Double Opt-In link or Confirm Opt-In link or checkbox in an email we send to you or on our website. Double Opt-In emails are sent within a few minutes of subscribing to our email list using the sign-up box on our website or social media websites. Confirm Opt-In links and checkboxes are found during our checkout process, promotional emails and on our website.
Implied Consent
If you have enquired about or made a purchase of goods or services and provided your email address in connection with your enquiry or purchase that is considered Implied Consent for the next two year from that date. Implied Consent can become Express Consent by clicking a Double Opt-In or Confirm Opt-In link.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by using an unsubscribe link in an email we send you or on our website or by contacting us at privacy@endurosport.com or mailing us at:
Enduro Sport, Inc.
Re: Privacy
812 Eglinton Ave E.
Toronto, ON
M4G 2L1
Canada
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 5 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Our website is hosted by BigCommerce a leader in secure, professional e-commerce. It is hosted on SAS 70 Type II certified servers, encrypted with a PositiveSSL security certificate from Comodo.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Bigcommerce stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Bigcommerce's Privacy Statement here.
SECTION 6 - COOKIES
Cookies are a feature of your web browser used by our web server to uniquely identify your computer and are essential to the operation of any e-commerce website. Some of the website functions that depend on cookies include:
• Customer log-in
• Persistent shopping carts
• Wish lists
• Product recommendations
• Custom user interfaces
• Retaining customer address and payment information
SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact us at privacy@endurosport.com or by mail at:
Enduro Sport, Inc.
Re: Privacy
812 Eglinton Ave. E.
Toronto, ON
M4G 2L1
Canada
×
OK
Newsletter Signup
Email Address
-->
Enduro Sport
812 Eglinton Ave E
Toronto, ON
M4G 2L1
Canada
416-449-0432
1-800-448-4678
shop@endurosport.com
Follow Us
© 2020 Enduro Sport
Powered by BigCommerce
Built by Weizen Young