https://www.republicoftea.com/privacy-policy/a/cs3/
Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Content
Content Blocker Detected
It looks like you may be using a content blocker. Please disable this software or whitelist our website for the best experience. If you're unsure why you're seeing the message, please contact Customer Service at 800-298-4832.
Learn More Proceed to Website
Tea Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Effective July 20, 2020
This Privacy Statement applies to www.republicoftea.com, owned and operated by The Republic of Tea (“We”, “Us”, “Our”). This privacy policy describes how The Republic of Tea collects, receives, use, store, share, transfer, and process the personal information you provide on our Web site: www.republicoftea.com. It also describes the choices available
to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you are a resident of California, please see the Rights of California Residents section below. Any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in the Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) section below.
The Republic of Tea participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. The Republic of Tea is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework's applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's
Privacy Shield List. https://www.privacyshield.gov/list
The Republic of Tea is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. The Republic of Tea complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, The Republic of Tea is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
In certain situations, The Republic of Tea may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password
We also collect the following information from you:
Information about your business such as company name, company size, business type Demographic information such as zip code
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order Send you an order confirmation Send you requested product or service information Respond to customer service requests Administer your account Send you a catalog Send you a newsletter Send you marketing communications Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered, and notify you if you won Respond to your questions and concerns
If you choose to send a product to a different recipient, we will also collect that person's name, shipping address, phone number and email address. We store this information for the sole purpose of completing your order and will not use this collected third party information for any other purpose.
Your friend may contact us at citizenhelp@republicoftea.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We will not share your information with third parties for a purpose that is materially different from original purpose(s) without your consent. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
How does The Republic of Tea safeguard my personal information?
The Republic of Tea has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. The Republic of Tea has implemented internal policies and controls to restrict access to your information to employees who have special secured access rights. When you place orders or access your personal information, your session will take place on a server utilizing security access controls. All sensitive/credit information supplied by you is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and securely stored in The Republic of Tea's database. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at
citizenhelp@republicoftea.com.
Security
Our website is secured by Norton Secure. Click the seal below to find out more info.
Does The Republic of Tea provide a way to update or remove personal information?
Upon request The Republic of Tea will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. The Republic of Tea provides a "My Account" feature on our website which allows you to modify, delete and/or remove most of your personal information. This page can be accessed by clicking the my account link at the top and bottom of every page on the site or by emailing our Customer Support at citizenhelp@republicoftea.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information
listed below.
We will respond to your request to access within 10 days.
How does The Republic of Tea use my e-mail address?
Your e-mail address is used to create and identify your account on The Republic of Tea. Your e-mail address is also used by The Republic of Tea to correspond with you about any orders that you may place or to notify you with the results of any contests you may have entered. With your permission, we may also use your e-mail address to notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site,
new tea products and special offers or promo code coupons that we think you'll find valuable.
If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of receiving e-mail of this kind, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions to have your email address removed from the list of customers who receive notices of new functionality, services, special offers, newsletters and promotions. You may also unsubscribe from this kind of email by visiting our unsubscribe page and entering your email address.
Tracking Technologies
We, The Republic of Tea and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users' movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website.
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
Behavioral Targeting/Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.
Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union, click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Widgets
Our Web site includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly.
For instance, our site may allow social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Pinterest® to host plug-ins or Widgets on our Web site.
These social media platforms' data collection and handling practices are defined by those platforms, and not by this Web site. Information collected by these Widgets is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it, and not by The Republic of Tea.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of The Republic of Tea.
For example, we allow social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Pinterest® to host “share,” “like,” or similar buttons that collect data on our Web site.
These social media platforms' data collection and handling practices are defined by those platforms, and not by this Web site.
If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, and not by The Republic of Tea's Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Blogs
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal from our blogs, contact us at thru our contact page as described in this privacy policy.
How can you remove your name from our direct mail or email list?
To have your email address removed from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions. Alternately, if you have created an account with The Republic of Tea, you can also remove your email address from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions by unchecking "Email Me" while placing your next order. You may also unsubscribe from our email list by visiting our unsubscribe page and entering your email address.
PLEASE NOTE: It can take up to 8 days to process this request so you may get another email from us.
Thank you in advance for your understanding.
How to Unsubscribe from The Republic of Tea's Direct Mail (Physical Mail) Program:
Visit our contact page and send a message to our Minister of Citizen Satisfaction. Please include your name and mailing address. You may also request to be removed by calling 800-298-4832.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you
services contact us at citizenhelp@republicoftea.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Legal
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or other legal process, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request.
If The Republic of Tea is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Your Consent
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the website's Terms of Use and you agree that using this site signifies your assent to The Republic of Tea's privacy policy. The Republic of Tea reserves the right to change the terms of use, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advanced notice.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
Rights of California Residents Compliance With California Online Privacy Protection Act. Neither The Republic of Tea, nor our Web site, respond to Web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide users with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about a user's online activities over time and/or across third-party websites or online services. To the best of our knowledge, no third parties are collecting personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use this Web site.
Compliance With California “Shine the Light” Law. Once your opt-out request is processed, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. To opt-out, please contact helpdesk@republicoftea.com Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) California law requires businesses to disclose information regarding the rights of California residents pursuant to the CCPA.
Any terms defined in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in this section. You may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the preceding 12 months: The categories of personal information we have collected about you; The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; The categories of third parties with which we share personal information; The categories of personal information about you that we have sold and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold; The categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed; The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. You may request the disclosure of the information listed above by calling 800-298-4832 or submitting a request to helpdesk@republicoftea.com. Such a request may be referred to as a right to know request. Pursuant to California law, we will verify your identity before complying with any such request. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you that we have collected from you, and that we direct any service provider to delete such personal information from its records. Such a request may be referred to as a request to delete. However, pursuant to the CCPA, your information may not be deleted under certain circumstances, including where maintenance of your personal information is necessary to: complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, to provide a good or service that you requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of your ongoing business relationship with us, or to otherwise perform a contract between us and you; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use your information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
For more information about these and other situations in which we may not delete your information, please see Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.105(d).
You may request the deletion of your information by calling 800-298-4832 or submitting a request to helpdesk@republicoftea.com. Before deleting your personal information, we will verify your identity, as required by the CCPA. You may use an authorized agent to submit a right to know request or a request to delete. To use an authorized agent, you must provide the agent with written authorization. In addition, you may be required to verify your own identity with us. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you act on your behalf. Such requirements, however, will not apply where you have provided the agent with power of attorney pursuant to Cal. Prob. Code Sections 4000 to 4465. You have the right, at any time, to direct
us not to sell your personal information.
This right may be referred to as the right to opt-out.
You may opt-out of the sale of your personal information by calling 800-298-4832. If we have a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to opt-out is fraudulent, we may deny the request. You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on your behalf. To do so, you must provide the agent with written authorization. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. In addition, we do not and will not sell the personal information of minors we have actual knowledge are under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization (known as “opt-in”). In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information about California residents from the following sources and for the following purposes. The CCPA requires that we refer to specific categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA. We may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category.
In the preceding 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties.
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties (to the extent the disclosure was made to a third party).
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights under this section, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to you; Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may charge you a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your data.
In addition, we may offer financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. We may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to you if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to us by your data.
We will notify you of such financial incentives. We will enter you into a financial incentive program only if you give us prior opt-in consent which clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked by you at any time.
We will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.
The Republic of Tea
900 Larkspur Landing Circle, Ste. 275
Larkspur, CA 94939