http://www.inetvideo.com/pages/terms-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Below are the terms and conditions that you “the visitor” automatically agree to when entering, using or placing an order thru iNetVideo and all its affiliated websites. By “the visitor” we mean the client, the user and anyone who uses the iNetVideo websites in anyway. By iNetVideo we mean the iNetVideo websites (www.inetvideo.com, www.inetvideo.ca) and all of the affiliated websites and marketplaces in which iNetVideo sells its items and services.
1. Acceptance of the Terms and Conditions 2. Modification to the Terms and Conditions
3. Trademarks and Copyrights 4. Visitor’s Conduct 5. Comments, Communications and Other Content 6. Links 7. Indemnification 8. Disclaimer of Warranties and Damages 9. Limitation of Liability 10. Privacy Policy 11. Site Security 12. Prohibited Uses 13. Termination 14. Returns 15. Refunds 16. General Information17. European GDPR Related Information
1. Acceptance of the Terms and Conditions [ back to top ]
The visitor agrees to carefully read and understand these terms and conditions before using any of the iNetVideo websites. His use of any of the iNetVideo websites constitutes his agreement to follow and be bound by these terms and conditions. iNetVideo reserves itself the right to monitor the visitor’s use of the iNetVideo websites at any time. Use and release of information gathered from the iNetVideo website through such monitoring or other means, including the information the visitor inputs, is governed by iNetVideo’s Privacy Policy. If the visitor does not agree to these terms and conditions, he must immediately discontinue using this site.
2. Modification to the Terms and Conditions [ back to top ]
iNetVideo reserve itself the right to update or/and modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice or consent. For that reason the visitor is responsible for regularly reviewing these terms and conditions. His continued use of the iNetVideo websites constitutes his agreement to all such updates or/and modifications.
3. Trademarks and Copyrights [ back to top ]
Unless otherwise noted, all materials, including information, graphics, images, illustrations, designs, logos, icons, photographs, video, music, sound, written and other materials that are part of the iNetVideo website (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, publicity rights and owned, controlled or licensed by iNetVideo, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to iNetVideo. The content is protected by Canadian and international copyright laws. The compilation of all the Content on iNetVideo.ca is the exclusive property of iNetVideo and is also protected by Canadian and international copyright laws.
Except as set forth herein, none of the Content may be copied, reproduced, framed, modified, removed, sold, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or otherwise exploited, in whole or in part, in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior express written permission of iNetVideo or the Third Party Provider. No part of the Websites may be reproduced or retransmitted in any way, or by any means, without the express written permission of iNetVideo. The visitor may also not, without iNetVideo’s prior express written permission, “mirror” any of the Content contained on any of the websites on any other server.
Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute and download iNetVideo’s Content on the websites for the visitor’s personal, non-commercial use only, provided he does not modify the materials and that he retains all copyright notices, trademark legends, and other proprietary rights notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates automatically if the visitor breaches any of these Terms. Upon termination, he must immediately destroy any downloaded and printed materials.
4. Visitor’s Conduct [ back to top ]
The visitor agrees not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of any of the iNetVideo websites in any way. He also agrees to use the iNetVideo websites only in a legal and permissible way. The visitor agrees to abide by all the laws and restrictions displayed on the iNetVideo website.
The visitor is prohibited from posting on or transmitting through iNetVideo any Content that violates or infringes anyone’s intellectual property rights (including trademarks, copyrights, patents, trade secrets, confidential ideas or publicity rights) or that is obscene, obscene as to minors, child pornography, defamatory, racist, lewd, lascivious, filthy, excessively violent, harassing, or otherwise deemed by iNetVideo to be harmful or objectionable, or that intentionally or unintentionally violates any applicable local, state, provincial, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law.
Furthermore, the visitor is solely responsible for his or her actions when using iNetVideo’s websites, including, but not limited to, costs incurred for Internet access.
5. Comments, Communications and Other Content [ back to top ]
All comments, communications, ideas, and other content disclosed, submitted or offered to iNetVideo on or by our websites or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with the visitor’s use of our websites (collectively, the "Comments") shall be and remain iNetVideo’s property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any Comments shall constitute an assignment to iNetVideo of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the Comments. Thus, iNetVideo will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. iNetVideo is and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in confidence; (2) to pay the visitor any compensation for any Comments; or (3) to respond to any visitor’s Comments. The visitor agrees that no Comments submitted by him to iNetVideo will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). The visitor further agrees that no Comments submitted by him to iNetVideo will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. The visitor is and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any Comments he makes.
6. Links [ back to top ]
iNetVideo may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other Internet websites or resources. Because iNetVideo has no control over such websites and resources, the visitor acknowledges and agrees that iNetVideo is not responsible for the availability of such external websites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such websites or resources. iNetVideo will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such website or resource.
iNetVideo’s websites may be linked to other websites that are not under the control of and are not maintained by iNetVideo. iNetVideo is not responsible for the content of those websites. iNetVideo is providing these links to the visitor only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such websites does not imply endorsement by iNetVideo of those websites.
7. Indemnification [ back to top ]
The visitor agrees to indemnify and hold iNetVideo, and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents, co-branders or other partners and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of the visitor’s use of the iNetVideo websites, his or her connection to the iNetVideo websites, his/her violation of these Terms of Use, his/her violation of any rights of another, or any breach of the foregoing representations, warranties and covenants.
iNetVideo reserves the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which the visitor is required to indemnify us, and he/she agrees to cooperate with our defense of these claims.
8. Disclaimer of Warranties and Damages [ back to top ]
THIS SITE IS PROVIDED BY iNetVideo ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. iNetVideo MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THIS WEBSITE. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, iNetVideo DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. iNetVideo WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, iNetVideo DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY MERCHANDISE OFFERED ON ANY OF iNetVideo’S WEBSITES.
PRICES AND AVAILABILITY OF PRODUCTS AN ALL THE iNetVideo WEBITES ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. ANY ERRORS ON THE WEBSITES WILL BE CORRECTED WHEN DISCOVERED AND WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REVOKE ANY STATED OFFER INCLUDING CANCELLATION OF ORDERS AFTER ORDER SUBMISSION TO CORRECT ANY ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR INACCURACIES. CUSTOMERS WILL BE ADVISED BY E-MAIL IF ANY OF THE ABOVE WAS TO OCCUR. ALL STEPS ARE TAKEN TO ENSURE THE ACCURACY OF TITLES AND TITLE DESCRIPTIONS BUT IF IN DOUBT PLEASE REFER TO THE STUDIO'S WEBSITE FOR COMPLETENESS OF PRODUCT DETAILS. IN NO EVENT WILL iNetVideo OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OR INFORMATION FROM ANY OF THE WEBSITES.
NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM iNetVideo OR THROUGH OR FROM THE WEBSITES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE TERMS. iNetVideo's EMPLOYEES ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO VARY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
9. Limitation of Liability [ back to top ]
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL iNetVideo OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT ARE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RELATED TO THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE CONTENT, MATERIALS AND FUNCTIONS IN THE iNetVideo WEBSITES, EVEN IF iNetVideo OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES OR AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE THEREOF HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. SOME PROVINCES AND STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN NO EVENT SHALL iNetVideo OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR AFFILIATES TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED $150.00 CAN.
10. Privacy Policy [ back to top ]
We at iNetVideo take our visitor’s privacy and the security of their personal information very seriously. iNetVideo’s Privacy Policy can be found here. Our goal is to maintain the visitor’s trust and confidence when handling his/ her personal information.
11. Site Security [ back to top ]
Visitors are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of any iNetVideo website, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account which the user is not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of a system or network, or to breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to any iNetVideo website, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mailbombing" or "crashing," (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. The violation of any system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. iNetVideo will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting visitors who are involved in such violations.
12. Prohibited Uses [ back to top ]
Visitors are strictly prohibited from using any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of any iNetVideo websites or any activity being conducted on this website.
Visitors are forbidden from taking any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on any of iNetVideo’s website infrastructure.
Visitors are not allowed to disclose or share their password with any third parties, or using their password for any unauthorized purpose.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, visitors are prohibited from using or attempting to use any engine, software, tool, agent, or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search any iNetVideo website other than the search engine and search agents available from iNetVideo on the websites and other than generally available third-party web browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Explorer, Mozilla Firefox).
Visitors are strictly barred from attempting to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or in any way making up a part of any iNetVideo website.
Visitors are forbidden from aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the Website Content or information available from any iNetVideo website.
Visitors are also prohibited from framing of or linking to any of the Website Content or information available from any iNetVideo website.
13. Termination [ back to top ]
The visitor agrees that iNetVideo, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account (or any part thereof), use of any of the on-line resources available on any of iNetVideo’s websites, and remove and discard any Content within the websites, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if iNetVideo believes that the visitor has violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the terms of use. iNetVideo may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the websites, or any part thereof, with or without notice. The visitor agrees that any termination of his/her access to the website under any provision of this terms and conditions may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledges and agrees that iNetVideo may immediately deactivate or delete his/her account and all related information and files in his/her account and/or bar any further access to such files or to the websites. Furthermore, the visitor also agrees that iNetVideo shall not be liable to him/her nor to any third-party for any termination of his/her access to the website.
14. Returns [ back to top ]
iNetVideo.com will accept returns of defective merchandise or erroneously shippied items only. We will replace the defective merchandise with the same title and format. If the same title and format is not available, iNetVideo.com will issue you a credit not or refund your money. All claims must be made within 30 days of receipt.
15. Refunds [ back to top ]
iNetVideo.com will issue a refund within 48 hours of receiving your returned order. Refunds include shipping, and are issue agains the same payment method used to pay for the original order.
16. General Information [ back to top ]
The terms and condition constitutes the entire agreement between the visitor (the client, the user) and iNetVideo (www.inetvideo.com, www.inetvideo.ca) and all of the affiliated websites and marketplaces in which iNetVideo sells its items and services and governs the visitor’s use of the websites, superceding any prior agreements between the visitor and iNetVideo.
The visitor may also be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when the visitor uses affiliate websites, third-party content or third-party websites. The terms and conditions and the relationship between the visitor and iNetVideo shall be governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec. The visitor and iNetVideo agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within Montreal, Quebec. The failure of iNetVideo to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the terms and conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of the terms of use is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the terms of use remain in full force and effect. The visitor agrees that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of any of the iNetVideo websites or the terms and conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
These Terms represent the entire understanding relating to the use of the website and prevail over any prior or contemporaneous, conflicting or additional, communications.
17. European GDPR Related Information [ back to top ]
This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from iNetVideo.com (the “Site”).
PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
we collect device information using the following technologies:
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information.”
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
Communicate with you;
Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
DO NOT TRACK
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
MINORS
The Site is not intended for individuals under the age of 18 years old.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at support@inetvideo.com or by mail using the details provided below:
6800A Trans-Canada Highway, Pointe-Claire, QC, H9R 5L4, Canada