http://www.genealogysupplies.com/privacy-policy/
Toggle navigation
S&N Genealogy
Products
Binders and Archiving
Books
Charts
Data CDs
Data Downloads
Software
Vouchers
Bargain Basket
Gift Ideas
Offer of the Week
Special Offers
What's New?
About
About Family History
Family History Fairs
News
Payment & Delivery
Why Buy From Us?
Customer Reviews
Help
Technical Support
Contact Us
Useful Links
Basket
Account
Log In / Sign Up
Privacy Policy
GenealogySupplies.com is owned and operated by S&N British Data Archive Ltd. We are committed to protecting your privacy and we will only use the information that we collect about you in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
1. What information do we collect from you and why?
When you register or place an order on GenealogySupplies.com we collect the following personal information from you:
Your name
An email address
A telephone number (optional)
A password (this is provided by you when you create an account with GenealogySupplies.com)
A billing and delivery address (this is required when placing an order)
Through using the website and our services, we also collect the following technical information:
The IP address of your device (such as your computer, tablet or mobile phone)
Details of your web browser
Information from cookies stored in your browser. Cookies are saved on your computer to enable shopping and ordering procedures, but no personal information will be stored in or transmitted via cookies. We also use cookies to analyse the performance of our website, to help improve your experience.
We only collect information about you that is required to fulfill your order, for prevention of unauthorised access to your account and for improving our website and services we provide.
We will never collect personal information about you without your consent. By creating an account on GenealogySupplies.com, you are agreeing to our Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy by ticking the acceptance box on the registration page. By agreeing to this, you are telling us that you consent to us collecting, processing, and sharing your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.
You can check that the information we hold about you is accurate and up-to-date by logging into your account or contacting us. If you find any inaccuracies you can amend them in your account, or you can let us know and we will delete or correct them promptly (within 7 working days). The personal information we hold is stored securely, in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
2. How do we use your personal information?
We only use your personal information for the following reasons:
To authenticate access to your account (when you log in to the website).
To process your order - for certain download items, this includes us sending your name and email address on to the supplier. We or the supplier may contact you in connection with your order, such as clarification of an address or an item you have ordered.
To provide you with customer service following an order.
If you opt-in to our newsletter, we will use your email address to send you regular updates, news and offers from S&N British Data Archive Ltd, Genealogy Supplies (Jersey) Ltd and their associated brands. You can opt-out of this at any time by going to your account or clicking the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any marketing email.
We will securely hold your personal information for your convenience in your account unless you ask us to remove these details. You can request that we remove your details from GenealogySupplies.com at any time by contacting us, we will then initiate this for you. Please be aware that if you do wish to close your account, we may need to retain certain information to resolve disputes and comply with our legal obligations and tax requirements.
We will not pass your personal information on to a third party or use it for marketing other than as stated in this privacy policy.
3. Are your details shared with others?
Your personal information is stored on our secure server, please be assured that this does not get passed on to any third parties except in the following circumstances:
Order details - your name and email address are passed on to a supplier if this is needed to complete an order. This allows them to fulfill your order.
Payment details - Card details are entered directly into our secure card payment processor Braintree, or on some occasions Barclaycard EPDQ. We never receive or have access to your full payment details - the payment provider stores card details securely for the purpose of processing payments and refunds.
Contact details - these may be passed to a courier or delivery service so they can contact you regarding delivery of your order.
4. How secure is your information?
We store all personal information on our secure servers, these have both technical and physical safeguards in place to protect against inappropriate access, loss or misuse of data. While we cannot guarantee that this will not happen, our security team regularly review our security practices, updating them as necessary to help ensure the integrity of your information.
To help protect against your personal information from being misused or accessed, it is important that you use a strong password for your account that you have not used elsewhere. The UK Government's CyberAware Campaign has some good advice on picking passwords.
If you have any queries regarding this policy, please contact us.
Contact Us
S&N Genealogy Supplies
West Wing, Manor Farm
Chilmark, Salisbury
Wiltshire
SP3 5AF
P: 01722 716121
Site Map
Archival Accessories
Binders
Books
Charts
Data CDs
Discover Your Ancestors
Mac Software
Springback Binders
Windows Software
Technical Support
Contact Us
Login / My Account
View Our Catalogue
About Us
Payment Methods
Delivery & Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Reviews
©S&N Genealogy Supplies 1992-2020. All rights reserved.S&N Genealogy Supplies is a trading name of S&N British Data Archive Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales.