http://www.classybride.com/pages/privacy-policy
"Close Cart"
Shopping Cart
Quick view
Login
Search for products on our site
Search
See more
FREE 2-DAY SHIPPING on all orders over $50*
Search
Gifts for the Couple
Pajamas
Bridal Lingerie
See more
"Close Cart"
Underwear
Eye Masks
Wedding Garters
Robes
See more
"Close Cart"
For the Bride
For the Bridal Party
For the Mother of the Bride / Mother of the Groom
For the Flower Girl
For the Groom
Accessories
See more
"Close Cart"
Travel & Cosmetic
Towels
Sashes
Wine Bags
Tote Bags
Bridal Apparel
See more
"Close Cart"
Hoodies & Jackets
Trucker Hats
Swimwear
Slippers
Flip Flops
For the Groom
T-Shirts & Tanks
BEST SELLERS!
Currency
See more
Currency
"Close Cart"
USD
INR
GBP
CAD
AUD
EUR
JPY
Account
Log in
Create account
Menu
0
Cart
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Classy Bride is committed to providing our customers with exceptional service. As providing this service involves the collection, use and disclosure of some personal information about you, protecting ensuring the privacy of your personal information is one of our highest priorities. One of the ways we do that is to have this Privacy Policy, which tells you why and how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to Classy Bride, Inc. (collectively, “Classy Bride”). This policy also applies to any service providers collecting, using or disclosing personal information on behalf of Classy Bride. Because Classy Bride is a U.S.-based company, our website is controlled and offered from Classy Bride’s facilities in the United States. The data protection rules and rights of government access to your data in your country may be different than those in the United States. Classy Bride will continue to process your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.SECTION 1 - COLLECTION AND USEWe will only collect personal information that is necessary for fulfilling an identified purpose. For example, when you purchase something from our online store, as part of the buying and selling process we collect the personal information you give us, such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, and credit or debit card number.We, and our third-party service providers, use this information to, among other things:
verify identity;
verify creditworthiness;
prevent fraud and abuse;
identify your shopping preferences and the shopping needs of our customers;
open and manage an account;
deliver requested products and services or to respond to questions;
guarantee and process a reservation, as well as provide our services;
enroll you in a program;
send you our newsletters, coupons, updates, reminders, related email marketing, and other information;
ensure a high standard of service to you;
meet regulatory requirements;
send SMS updates, delivery updates, and special marketing promotions;
There are times when you may provide information to us voluntarily. This occurs when you provide feedback to us through emails, return forms, letters, telephone calls, sign up for text messaging, or enter a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion in which Classy Bride is the sponsor or is a promotional partner with the third-party sponsoring the sweepstakes, contest, or promotion. We use this information to respond to your query, to keep track of customer feedback, to add you to Classy Bride's email mailing list (please see the information on how to opt out below) and to improve our service to customers. Even if you do not make a purchase on our site, we have the ability to track your usage of our website, including what pages you visit, what products you view, and the third-party sites that led you to our site. This information is not used to track information about individuals, but is used at an aggregate level to customize our site, improve the online experience, and plan advertising and promotions. When you browse our online website, we also automatically receive your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. If at any time our website offers any chat rooms, comments, notice board facilities, reviews, social media, newsgroups etc. we may collect the information that you disclose. Such information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that we cannot be responsible for other parties’ use of the personal information, which you make available to such third parties through any chat room, comments, notice board, newsgroup etc. on this website. Please be careful about what personal information you disclose in this way. If at any time our website offers any e-mail, survey feedback, social media or forum facilities, we may collect the information, which you disclose. Such information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. SECTION 2 - CONSENT We will obtain your consent to collect, use or disclose personal information (except where, as noted below, we are authorized to do so without your consent). Consent can be provided orally, in writing, or electronically, or it can be implied where the purpose for collecting using or disclosing the personal information would be considered obvious and you voluntarily provide personal information for that purpose. For instance, when you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we infer that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. Where applicable under law, consent may also be implied where you are given notice and a reasonable opportunity to opt-out of having your personal information being used for a purpose, and you do not opt-out. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your express consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. If, after opting-in to our marketing list, you no longer wish to be contacted, you may withdraw your consent by clicking the "unsubscribe" option in the email message, informing us at info@classybride.com, or mailing us at:Classy Bride Corporate Privacy Policy719 South Los Angeles Street #218Los Angeles, CA 90014If you consent to receive text messages regarding your order, you will receive updates regarding your order or personalization request(s), confirmations, and order notifications. You may receive SMS or MMS messages. Message and data rates may apply, check with your cellular or data carrier for information. Consent to receive text messages regarding your order is not required/not a condition for purchase of goods or services. This is completely optional. Subject to certain exceptions (e.g., the personal information is necessary to provide the service or product, or the withdrawal of consent would frustrate the performance of a legal obligation), you can withhold or withdraw your consent. Your decision to withhold or withdraw your consent to certain uses of personal information may restrict our ability to provide a particular service or product. If so, we will explain the situation to assist you making the decision. We may collect, use or disclose personal information without your knowledge or consent in certain limited circumstances, including:
When the collection, use or disclosure of personal information is permitted or required by law;
When the personal information is available from a public source (e.g., a telephone directory);
When we require legal advice from a lawyer;
For the purposes of collecting a debt or to protect ourselves from fraud;
To investigate an anticipated breach of an agreement or a contravention of law;
If our company is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you. For European residents only. We will seek your consent to collect any personal information from you. Under European data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
Request access to any personal information we hold about you (“Subject Access Request”) as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal information, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the personal information has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal information will be stored, the source of the personal information, and the existence of any automated decision making;
Obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal information we hold about you;
Request that personal information held about you is deleted;
Prevent or restrict processing of your personal information; and
Request transfer of personal information directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
You may make any of the above referenced requests by contacting us at info@classybride.com, or mailing us at:Classy Bride Corporate Privacy Policy719 South Los Angeles Street #218Los Angeles, CA 90014SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREClassy Bride does not sell or otherwise share your personal information with anyone else, such as advertising agencies or marketing companies. We only send marketing information to those customers who specifically sign up for our mailing list. Marketing information sent by Classy Bride may be sent by us as part of a cross-promotion or other collaboration with other companies or brands, but we do not disclose personal information to such companies or brands. Classy Bride will share your personal information internally with those staff members who need it to complete your purchase or carry out your instructions regarding the receipt of marketing information. Authorized Classy Bride service providers may also have access to this information in order to carry out their responsibilities directly connected with the processing of your purchases, detection and prevention of fraud and abuse, or handling of customer service issues. Outside of these activities, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party without your written consent unless required to do so by law.SECTION 4 - AUTHORIZE.NETClassy Bride does not currently retain credit card numbers internally. Instead, our online store processes cards with Authorize.net. We require them to treat your personal information in at least as secure a manner as we do. For instance, we require that they store your data on a secure server behind a firewall and that they encrypt your credit card data in accordance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our online store and its service providers. However, Authorize.Net. has its own privacy policy, which you can read on their website.SECTION 5 - SECURITYClassy Bride uses a number of security measures to ensure that your personal information is appropriately protected, including: Examples include: the use of user IDs, passwords, encryption, firewalls; restricting employee access to personal information as appropriate (i.e., only those that need to know will have access; contractually requiring any service providers to provide comparable security measures) In addition, we use encryption technology in our online store in an attempt to protect you against the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. When you fill out any forms during checkout, a secure server encrypts your information through the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. To be sure you’re browsing securely during a transaction, check your web browser’s status or address bar for the closed padlock icon. This icon indicates that you are viewing a secure web page. Also, all browsers display an “s” after the “http” (https://) in the website address to indicate that you are in a secure environment. Your credit card information is encrypted using SSL and stored with AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards. We will use appropriate security measures when destroying your personal information such as secure shredding documents, deleting electronically stored information.SECTION 6 - COOKIESClassy Bride, as with many other websites, makes use of “cookies” to help deliver a better customer shopping experience. Cookies are alphanumerical identification elements that we transfer to the hard drive of your computer via your web browser. They enable our systems to recognize your browser and to offer you value-added services, such as saving the contents of your shopping basket and to deliver a more personalized shopping experience. The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being accepted by you is specific to your PC and includes the IP address, the date and time the PC visited the website, what parts of our website were looked at and whether the web pages requested were delivered successfully. This information is anonymous; it represents a computer rather than a person. You can erase or block this information by changing the settings on your computer (please refer to your help screens or manuals). If you do erase or block this information you may not be able to utilize some features of the website.SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENTThis website and our online store is not intended for use by person under the age of majority in their jurisdiction. By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any minors under your care to use this site.SECTION 8 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat your personal information by placing a prominent notice on our website or using the contact information you have provided. Please review any notices carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the website or sharing your personal information, you can request deletion of your personal information by contacting us.SECTION 9 - ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou have a right to access your personal information. A request to access personal information must be made in writing and provide sufficient detail to identify the personal information being sought. A request to access personal information should be forwarded to our Privacy Compliance Officer, who can be reached at the contact information below. Upon request, we will also tell you how we use your personal information and to whom it has been disclosed if applicable. We will make the requested information available within 30 business days, or provide written notice of an extension where additional time is required to fulfill the request. A minimal fee may be charged so that we can recover the cost of providing access to personal information. Where a fee may apply, we will inform you of the cost and request further direction from you on whether or not we should proceed with the request. If a request is refused in full or in part, we will notify you in writing, providing the reasons for refusal and the recourse available to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information, please contact us at info@classybride.com (please write email address with the appropriate symbol), or by mail at:Classy Bride Corporate Privacy Policy719 South Los Angeles Street #218Los Angeles, CA 90014USA