http://www.divorcehope.com/privacy.htm
>Restoring lost Biblical truth concerning divorce, remarriage and submission.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Links
Teaching Archives
Search This Site
Purchase at:
EverythingShoppe
Order by Mail
Most Marriages Are Destined To  Fail Because of This...
....................................................
Book Excerpts / Bible Study
Sources of Help / Divorce Support  Groups
....................................................
Relationship Advice Articles
Testimonies of God's Grace
Marriage Seminars, Relationship  Enrichment
....................................................
Declaration of Faith Poll
Statement of Belief
Spiritual Facts About Divorce
....................................................
We Need Your Help!
What We Believe About Marriage
....................................................
Free Life-Changing Ebooks
Privacy
Divorce Abuse and the Church
DivorceHope Newsletter
Subscribe
Un-Subscribe
Sign up today to receive our low volume newsletter for the latest teachings, updates, free eBooks, seminars and life-changing books and CDs.
Privacy Statement
Remember we ALWAYS keep your email address confident.
Latest Newsletters
Our Privacy Policy is for your Protect!
Privacy Policy
We take Privacy very seriously at DivorceHope. Because of the extreme sensitivity of the situations we deal with, we handle all your personal information as we wish others would handle ours. DivorceHope DOES NOT lease, sell or share AT ALL (even with a visitors spouse) any private or retail account information.
On occasion, DivorceHope may send you solicited or unsolicited mail, or email regarding new teachings, products, promotions or sales. If you would like to remove your name from these notifications, or, if you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, contact Privacy Policy Concerns at: Divorce Hope Mail , or write:
Divorce Hope
Privacy Policy Concerns
P.O. Box 153
Port Carbon, PA. 17965 USA
Details of Privacy Statement
This statement covers the site www.DivorceHope.com. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users’ privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices.
Information Collection
DivorceHope is the sole owner of the information collected on www.DivorceHope.com.
Registration
No one is required to register to use this website.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Information Use
No user information is transferred, sold or given to anyone for any purpose other than the sole use by DivorceHope to properly process, correspond and do business with our users.
Profile/Cookies
The shopping cart uses browser "cookies" to hold the contents of the cart. These cookies do not contain any personal information and are cleared when the customer checks out. Also, note that the shopping cart cookies "expire" after twenty-four hours (one day) if the customer does not check out before then. Otherwise, customers have twenty-four hours to check out (even if they leave your site and return later) before the cart order is discarded.
Third Party Advertising
We do not allow third party advertising on this site. All links provided on this site is for the sole purpose of the user to explore.
DivorceHope.com is not affiliated with nor endorsed by any company, ministry, individual or name mentioned in this site. Links and names are provided as help-aids for the user.
Log Files
Like most standard website servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing/Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.
Third Party Intermediaries
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, DivorceHope, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites even though we do our best in selecting those links of highest regard. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Tell-A-Friend
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. DivorceHope will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. DivorceHope stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, then it is discarded.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment, in a locked facility. If users have any questions about the security at our website, users can send an email to: larryh @ angelichost.net.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to users it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the Contact Us page or by mail.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Email: You can e-mail us at: Divorce Hope Mail.
Postal Address:
Divorce Hope
P.O Box 153
Port Carbon, PA. 17965 U.S.A.
Website URL: http://www.divorcehope.com
About the Book | Table of Contents | God Said... | Book Cover
Note: If you have come to this web site looking for christian divorce advice or need marriage or divorce counseling, go to our Marriage And Divorce Sources Of Help page or/and our Book Excerpts pages. We have provided you with a number of very helpful links for marriage and divorce advice, marriage and divorce counseling as well as valuable information for your critical situation.
You can e-mail us at: Divorce Hope Mail
Home | Site Map | Book Reviews | Return to Top
Divorce Hope
PO Box153
Port Carbon, PA 17965 U.S.A.
Copyright © 1992 - 2019 by:
Stephen Gola, DivorceHope.com & DivorceHope. All rights reserved.