http://www.ecampus.com/help/privacy-policy
Return My Rental
|
Marketplace
|
Customer Service
|
My Account
|
Cart (0)
Toggle navigation
Search
Cart (0)
Rent
Buy
Sell
eTextbooks
Quick Links
Return My Rental
Marketplace
Customer Service
My Account
Search
FREE SHIPPING On Orders Over $35!
Get $5 Off Your Order Text BOOKS to 87955
Top
IMPORTANT COVID-19 UPDATES
Help Desk
Browse
Our Privacy Commitment
Personal Information We Collect
How We Use Your Personal Information
Using Cookies
California Consumer Privacy Act
Disclosing Your Information
Securing Your Private Info
Your Consent
Your Password
Unsubscribing from Email
Privacy Policy
We understand that you care about how your information is used and shared, and we value the trust you place in us. eCampus.com is totally committed to protecting your privacy. We utilize every available technology to ensure that your confidential information remains secure. This Privacy Notice describes how eCampus.com collects and processes your personal information through our websites and services. By using eCampus.com websites and services, you are agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Personal Information We Collect
We collect your personal information to process your transactions and assist us in providing you with a more personalized shopping experience.
Below is a list of personal information we collect:
Identifiers such as name, address, phone number, IP address, email address
Personal information, such as a credit card number, financial account information
Commercial information, including records of products, or services purchased, obtained, or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Internet or other electronic network activity, such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
Geolocation data, such as the location of your device or computer;
Professional information; for example, data you may provide about your business if you are a Marketplace Sellers
How We Use Your Personal Information
Your personal information is used in a variety of ways to operate, provide, deliver, and enhance the services we offer. eCampus.com holds your email address in strictest confidence. We do not sell, give away, or otherwise distribute your email address to any third party.
Below is a list of how we utilize the personal information we obtain from you:
Support the shipping and tracking of textbooks and other products
Process transactions
Manage your information and accounts
Process financial information and other payment methods for purchased products and/or services
Communicate with you about your account, website updates, and policy changes
Assist with information regarding third party service providers
Analyze internet or other electronic network activity to monitor website health and effectiveness
Provide targeted promotional offers specific to a given region
Monitor geolocation data to provide targeted promotional offers specific to a given region
Provide account details to a service provider for verification as part of our Marketplace Seller program
Using Cookies
Cookies are small bits of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies, pixels, and other technologies (collectively referred to as "cookies")
allow eCampus.com systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and enhance our services. Like all e-commerce websites, we also use cookies for the following additional purposes:
Keeping track of items in your shopping cart
Conducting research to improve eCampus.com products and services
Preventing fraudulent activity
Improving security
Reporting to measure and analyze site performance
eCampus.com cookies provide access to essential site features. If you block or reject cookies, you may still use our website; however, you will be restricted to some functionality, including the ability to add items to your Shopping Cart or complete your purchase.
Approved third parties may also use cookies when you utilize eCampus.com services. Some third party examples include search engines and providers of measurement and analytics services. You can manage browser cookies in your browser settings.
California Consumer Privacy Act
Click here to read additional information and disclosures required under the California Consumer Privacy Act.
Disclosing Your Information
eCampus.com considers the information you share with us to be personal and confidential. We do not sell, trade or rent any of your personal information to others. However, we may choose to release this information to trustworthy third parties at some point in the future with your permission. If you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties, please sign in to your eCampus.com My Account to unsubscribe from our promotional emails.
eCampus.com may also provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will include no personal information. Finally, we may release the name, address and email address of sweepstakes entrants to reputable co-sponsors and to other third parties for the sole purpose of administering such sweepstakes.
If you visit eCampus.com via a co-branded site (by using a link to our site from a company we do business with), your personal information may be collected by both parties and used by each in accordance with their respective privacy policies. Your credit card information and password are not shared with co-branded businesses.
eCampus.com releases personal account information, in good faith, when such release is believed to be reasonably necessary. This includes situations in complying with the law; enforcing or applying the terms of any of our user agreements; or protecting the rights, property and safety of eCampus.com, our customers, or affected third parties.
Securing Your Private Info
eCampus.com employs the latest version of Secure Socket Layer Technology (SSL) to encrypt your information and help insure that only you and eCampus.com ever see it. If your web browser doesn't permit a secure connection, eCampus.com will not accept your personal information including credit card numbers. Your browser should display a "padlock" or "key" icon in the lower margin of your web browser when a secure connection is made, and the URL bar at the top of your browser will typically show the website address preceded by the characters "https".
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by eCampus.com. If we amend our Privacy Policy, we will immediately post the changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we gather, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We suggest that you check this page on occasion to keep up with the most current policies.
Your Password
eCampus.com suggests that you keep your password private and avoid disclosing it to any third parties. If others have access to your password, the possibility exists that your personal information could be compromised.
Unsubscribing from Email
In accordance with federal laws, eCampus.com allows you to unsubscribe from promotional emails. If you wish to unsubscribe, please sign in to your eCampus.com My Account to do so. Please be aware you will still receive transactional emails related to any order placed through eCampus.com such as order status updates and shipment confirmation emails.
« Back
About Us
Affiliate Program
Books
Brand Assets
Browse Categories
Bulk Orders
Careers
Contests
Coupons
eWards
Gift Certificates
Help Desk
Marketplace
Media
Press
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Online Bookstores
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
eCampus Blog
Need Help?    Copyright © 1999-2020