https://www.partybanners.com/terms_privacy.asp
PartyBanners.com
Home
About
FAQ'S
Contact Us
Shipping Info
My Account
View Cart
CATEGORIES
Anniversary Banners
Baby Shower Banners
Birthday Party Banners
Bon Voyage Banners
Bridal Shower Banners
Business Banners
Church Banners
Class Reunion Banners
Congratulations Banners
Custom Text Banners
Engagement Banners
Family Reunion Banners
Golf Outing Banners
Good Luck Banners
Goodbye Banners
Graduation Party Banners
Holiday Banners
Housewarming Banners
Inspirational Banners
Keep Calm and Carry On Banners
Love You Banners
Marriage Proposal
New Baby Banners
Organization Banners
Patriotic Banners
Political Campaign Banners
Retirement Banners
School Banners
Spanish Party Banners
Sports Banners
Thank You Banners
Theme Party Banners
Wedding Banners
Welcome Banners
Welcome Home Banners
MORE INFORMATION
Security
Site Index
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We have developed this Privacy
Statement to address concerns you may have and to provide easy access to
information about our privacy practices. For a quick look at some
answers to very common privacy questions, go to our
FAQ section or read about our general procedures and policies below.
Overview - Your privacy is our serious concern
What information do we require?
How we use the information
How we use E-Mail
Cookies
Your consent and future policy changes
How to contact us with questions or comments
Overview - Your privacy is our serious concern
The Bottom Line - In a nutshell
PartyBanners.com recognizes, respects, and protects the
privacy of our customers. Your privacy and personal information are held
in trust when you shop online with us.
Our customer's order information
stays with us - no one else will ever see it. We do not sell, rent,
trade or share ANY information regarding or provided by our customers to
anyone - Period!
We require and only use information
our customers knowingly and willingly provide to process their order,
fulfill their service request or to enhance their personal shopping
experience. Any information received by us is held with the utmost care
and security. This site uses a secure server (SSL) to encrypt all of
your personal information. Our strict security measures protect the
loss, misuse and alteration of your information under our control.
For more information regarding our security practices, go to our security page or our FAQ. Send questions or concerns to: customerservice@partybanners.com
[Back To Top]
What information do we require?
Browsing our site
None. We believe memberships, customer ID's and registrations are a nuisance for our customers and do not require them.
Placing an order
When you order from our web site, we collect the following
information at checkout via an online form: your name, billing
information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address),
shipping name & address (if different), product(s) purchased and any
other information needed to complete your order.
We
use customer accounts and only require our customers to enter their
email address and a simple password. We believe our frequent buyers
enjoy having this option and find our shopping cart and checkout process
fast and efficient. We desire to provide great service with a minimum
of effort from our customers - convenience is important to you, and us!
PartyMail Newsletter
When you sign up for a free subscription to PartyMail, we ask you
to provide only an email address. We will send our email newsletter on
an occasional basis to inform you of new products, services, promotions
and anything that might be of value to you.
Please feel free to forward our newsletter to family and friends. Sign up here: PartyMail. You may cancel and opt-out of receiving this newsletter by simply notifying us: customerservice@partybanners.com
EventReminder Service - Coming Soon!
Using this convenient service is a great way to remind you of important dates and events coming up in your life. Please allow us to send you a friendly "don't forget" email into your busy schedule. You'll never have to miss preparing for that important birthday, anniversary or other special occasion again! Our easy to use program will guide you every step of the way - here's where you start: EventReminder. Of course, you may cancel your participation at any time: customerservice@partybanners.com
[Back To Top]
How we use the information
At PartyBanners.com, we don't
collect personally identifiable information from individuals unless they
provide it to us voluntarily and knowingly. It is used only for the
purpose for which it is given. Financial information (credit card
numbers, credit card expiration dates, billing address, etc.) that is
collected is only used to bill you for products and shipping. Contact
information (email & customer address, telephone number, etc.) from
an order form is used to ship your order and send information about our
company to you. Your contact information is also used to get in touch
with you when necessary. We do not participate in shared or cooperative
databases or release any bit of personal information to anyone for any
reason. All customer information is stored on a highly secure server
that is not accessible via the Internet.
See our security page or FAQ section for more information about our secure order process, or contact us via the options below.
[Back To Top]
How we use email
After you place an order on our
site, you will receive an email confirmation. A second confirmation will
be sent to you when your order is shipped from our facilities. We do
use email, occasionally, as a means of receiving feedback from our
customers. We encourage you to email us with your questions or comments.
We read and respond to every email we receive.
See our contact section below or write to us at: customerservice@partybanners.com
[Back To Top]
Cookies
Like most e-commerce web sites, we
use "cookie" technology. A "cookie" is a small file stored on a user's
computer by a website which assigns a numeric user ID and contains
certain information about their activity on the site. This allows us to
maintain items in your Shopping Cart. In this example, the "cookie" lets
you continue shopping where you left off on your last visit with us,
without losing any of the items in your cart. The "cookie" doesn't
contain any personal or financial information about you or provide us
with any way to contact you, and the "cookie" doesn't extract any
information from your computer. Our "cookies" are required to store
information about the product(s) our customers have selected via our
online shopping cart system.
Most web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but some allow you to instruct your browser to prevent
the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain
aspects of PartyBanners.com, such as the shopping cart, will not
function properly and you will not be able to complete your order.
Please check your browser setting to ensure this feature is enabled.
[Back To Top]
Your Consent and future policy changes
By using our website, you agree to
the collection and use of the information knowingly and specifically
provided by you. We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on this
page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how
we use it.
[Back To Top]
How to contact us with your comments or questions
PartyBanners.com welcomes your comments and questions regarding
our privacy practices, products, and overall experience of using our
website. We read and reply promptly to every piece of correspondence.
Please use the following methods to communicate with us.
All Customer Service: customerservice@partybanners.com
Or Call: Customer Service Phone (248) 293-0668
Or write to:
PartyBanners.com
1679 W. Hamlin Rd.
Rochester Hills, MI 48309
[Back To Top]
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
help
Copyright ©   PartyBanners.com. All Rights Reserved.
Built with VolusionWebsite by 21thirteen design