http://www.garysguitars.net/shop-policies
Site Menu
Home
Vintage Guitar Inventory
Wanted
About
Policies
Links
Contact
Email
You are hereHome » Shop Policies
Shop Policies
Payment Policies
Payment can be made by Certified Check, Money Order, Bank Check, Wire Transfer or Credit Card. Outside US, please send US Dollars on a US Bank or Bank Wire Transfer.
Photographs
Digital photo’s “Happily” provided via Internet, free of charge.
Shipping Policies
We usually ship by FedEx or UPS. With the high quality of instruments that we offer it is recommended that you use this safe and reliable method of shipping. On special request, we will try to accommodate all special shipping requests. All shipments are fully insured. Customer pays all shipping, insurance and any bank charges, including any returned merchandise. All insurance claims are the responsibility of the customer.  If your transaction involves a trade, and you reject the instrument we send you, we have the choice either to return your trade instrument or refund the cash value allowed for it in the trade deal.
Hours
We are open 7 days a week by appointment only.
Layaway Policies
A 25% Non-Refundable deposit will hold any guitar for 30 days! All Sales final on layaway purchases. No returns, no refunds and no exceptions!
Amp policy
All Amp sales are final. No exceptions.
Return Policies
Upon receipt if you are dissatisfied with your purchase, you must notify us within 24 hours and we will refund your money as soon as the merchandise is returned to us in the same condition as when shipped (except for layaways and COD's). Customer is responsible for all shipping, insurance and bank charges that may occur. Any guitar returned not in the same condition as sent or for a frivolous reason is subject to 10% or more restocking fee at our sole discretion.  All returns must be fully insured. There will be no approval period for items held in our shop for longer than 14 days from the point of purchase. The 24 hour approval period is available for items shipped within 14 days of purchase.
Hold Cancellation
When an instrument is placed on hold, it is reserved for the purchaser exclusively and withdrawn from the market. No subsequent offer, regardless of amount, will break a hold once it has been reserved for you. In return, we expect that a hold request is a commitment to purchase. To avoid abuse of the process, hold requests must not be made without the express intent to receive the instrument for approval. Therefore, hold requests that are canceled before shipment of any order are assessed a cancellation fee of $100
Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Gary’s Classic Guitars Website. The only personal information we collect is name, street and email address, telephone number and credit card information if applicable. We use the personal information collected from you to process sales and shipping of our products. Such personal information as we collect is not used for any other purpose and is not shared. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put into place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request detailing the error(s). To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. In the unlikely event any of the personal information you supply us online is misused, you may redress these issues by contacting us directly at 513-891-0555 or email GarysClssc@aol.com Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please call us at 513-891-0555 or send us an email atGarysClssc@aol.com
Other Policies
All merchandise is subject to prior sale. Prices subject to change. Not responsible for typographical errors.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS!!!
Guitar Category
- Any -Featured GuitarArch Top GuitarsBass GuitarsEpiphone ElectricsFender ElectricsGibson & Other AcousticsGibson ElectricsGretsch GuitarsGuild GuitarsMartin Acoustic GuitarsMisc. Guitars, Mandolins, BanjosRickenbacker GuitarsAmplifiers
Search by Keyword
Vintage Guitar Inventory
Featured Guitar
Arch Top Guitars
Bass Guitars
Epiphone Electrics
Fender Electrics
Gibson & Other Acoustics
Gibson Electrics
Gretsch Guitars
Guild Guitars
Martin Acoustic Guitars
Misc. Guitars, Mandolins, Banjos
Rickenbacker Guitars
Amplifiers
Sold Guitars Archive
Email Us Now
Follow us on Twitter
513-891-0555 USA
Serving Investors, Collectors and Professionals Worldwide
We specialize in Vintage Guitars and Rare Guitars. We offer an array of top quality guitars from a wide variety of manufacturers. Check out our online inventory for pictures and pricing.
We Accept Credit Cards
Copyright © 2020,
Website Design by
FOTOGRAPHIX