http://www.hodfords.co.uk/help/
Item
Qty.
No Items Ordered
Subtotal          US$0.00
Help
(1) Registration
(2) Privacy
(3) Security
(4) Cookies
(5) Products
(6) Quantity
(7) Wholesale
(8) Shopping
(9) Packaging
(10) Gifts
(11) Ordering
(12) Shipping
(13) Customs
(14) Shipping Rates
(15) Delivery Time
(16) Payment
(17) Order Tracking
(18) Returns
(19) Refunds
(20) Contact
Registration
It is necessary to register to become a member at Hodfords.com before you can start purchasing items. Registration is a one-time process that is fast and completely free, once you become a member you will have a unique login and password that will allow you access to your personal details in all your subsequent visits to Hodfords.com.
Registration is designed to give you an improved and customised shopping experience. Any information you enter except for credit card details (such as name, address, date of birth, friend's addresses, etc) will be stored such that you will not have to enter it again in your subsequent visits to Hodfords.com.
Membership advantages:-
Store personal details and addresses online
Receive optional email updates
Track orders online
Review order history online
Wish List
back to top
Privacy Policy
Hodfords.com respects the privacy of all our customers. All the information we collect and store is so that we could improve your shopping experience. Under no circumstances will this information be released or disclosed to any 3rd party unless we receive explicit authorisation from you.
Upon registration you will be able to choose whether you want to receive email updates from time to time when we have special promotions or events. To discontinue receiving email updates, simply alter the "Accept mail" field in the personal details page. back to top
Security
All personal details (e.g. Login, password, Credit Card details, etc.) are encrypted before transmitting using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. Our SSL certificate is issued by Thawte, a Verisign Company. SSL(version 3.0)
You can help to maintain the security by logging out after each visit to the site, such that others have no way of accessing your account.
Credit Card details are stored only very temporarily; just long enough for us to request funds from your account and to refund your orders if you decide to return the items after which the credit card details are deleted from the central database.back to top
Cookies
A cookie is a tiny file that is temporarily stored in your computer's memory. Cookies help us to identify who you are so that we can give you a more customised shopping experience.
Cookies are a very secure way of maintaining data that is specific to a particular user. Unfortunately, your browser must accept cookies before it is possible for you to login or order online.back to top
Products
Quantity
When ordering at Hodfords.com, you are only able to purchase the maximum of 5 units of a particular product at one time and the total number of products per order should not exceed a quantity of 10 units. We have imposed these restrictions for your protection.back to top
Wholesale
If you wish to purchase larger quantities or consider wholesale opportunities, please contact our wholesale department at wholesale@hodfords.comback to top
Shopping
There are many advantages to shopping on-line, starting with unrestricted shopping times and around the clock access to products. Moreover, once you register, you will be able to review your past orders, track current orders and save all your billing and shipping information for a faster and more streamlined checkout process on your next visits.
We hope that you find your shopping experience at Hodfords.com enjoyable, and that you will return often. We will be adding new product choices all the time, so visit our site often.back to top
Packaging
All the ties sent out are packaged in our special gift box, making it an excellent gift item.
back to top
Gifts
All our products are designed to make excellent gift items.
For sending items as gifts, please choose at the checkout page. During checkout, you can choose who and where the gift is to be sent to, in addition, the gift wrap, gift message and the font of the gift message.
Sending items as gift will cost an additional US$ 2.99
You can check the order status of gift item(s) through the order history and you will also receive a receipt separately sent by mail to the billing address they enter through checkout.back to top
Ordering
We have made every effort to streamline and optimise the ordering process, to make it as enjoyable and as simple as possible.back to top
Shipping
Shipping costs are calculated based on the country to which the items are shipped and the weight of the package.back to top
Customs
You may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. Additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country; you should contact your local customs office for further information.
If the order is a gift, the package is marked "Gift". Currently, we are not able to describe the contents in any other way.back to top
Shipping rates
Shipping rates are calculated based on the shipping method used, country to which the package is sent and weight of the items ordered.
To check the shipping rates, click here.back to top
Delivery Time
Most of our products are shipped within 24 hours after ordering which is stated by the "Can ship :" field. The Shipping Delivery Time depends on the shipping method chosen, generally, the more expensive the shipping method, the faster your order will arrive.
Total Delivery time = "Can Ship" time + Shipping Delivery Time.
Once the items are sent, you will receive an email update.back to top
Payment
Hodfords.com accepts Visa and MasterCard. We cannot accept telephone orders, personal checks, traveler checks, money orders or cash at this moment. All items displayed are in US dollars, at the moment we do not accept any other currency.back to top
Order Tracking
Customers can logon to our site, and can check the order status of their order under Order history any time.back to top
Returns
If you are dissatisfied with any product purchased at Hodfords.com, you can return the items within 30 days of receiving the product(s), in such an event, we regret that we have not been able to gain your satisfaction first time.
Please write on the back of the receipt, the reason for returning, and whether you would like to be refunded or whether you would like a replacement to be sent out to you.
Unfortunately, at the moment, we are unable to refund shipping and gift costs.
To return items, please mail the products to:-
Returns
P O Box No 33096
Sheung Wan Post Office
Hong Kongback to top
Refund
We will notify you via e-mail once we have received and processed the returned item. You can expect a refund in the same form of payment originally used for purchase within 7 to 14 business days of our receiving your return. Please note that we can refund shipping costs only if the returned product is a result of our error.back to top
Contact
Please contact us any time with any questions or comment that you have, we value all the correspondence from our customers.
Email : customer.services@hodfords.comback to top
Hodfords.com Ltd 2001Designed and Hosted by Hodfords-Hosting