https://www.southsidemarket.com/privacy-policy/
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Southside Market & Barbeque website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
•	Name
•	Address
•	Email Address
•	Phone Number
•	Company Name
•	Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
•	Name
•	Address
•	Email address
•	Phone number
•	Company Name
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer the option to include a note by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a personal note is only used for that purpose.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive and to provide the purchaser with order/shipping status. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online each time you place an order by selecting “Order Status” from our Home page. You’ll be asked to provide your order number and email address. Your credit card information will not be visible. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by contacting us directly via telephone or email.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (512) 281-4650 Monday – Friday between 8:00am – 5:00pm CST or contact us here.
Learn about our
History
Have a question or comment?
Contact Us
October 13, 2020
January 05, 2015
Exclusive News, Recipes & More
Get BBQ In Your Inbox
Email Address*