http://www.highisland.com/privacy.php
CONTACT HIH
SHOPPING CART
YOUR PRIVACY
Privacy Statement
High Island Health, LLC (highisland.com) values its customers and strongly respects their privacy.
We recognize how sensitive a topic
prostate health can be for some of our users.
Please do not hesitate to contact us with your questions and concerns at
support@highisland.com.
General User Experience
The user experience at highisland.com can be broken down into 4 general areas - browsing, shopping, the forum, and survey/study participation.
This privacy policy
covers these 4 areas.
Browsing
During the general information browsing experience (non-shopping and non-forum pages), we do not collect any information whatsoever from you.
Shopping
During the shopping experience, we use 2 cookies to keep track of your
current shopping cart and information associated to your current order.
A cookie is a small data file that websites often store on your
computer's hard drive when you visit their sites.
The cookie we use to keep track of your shopping cart expires as soon as you close
your web browser.
You may refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.
However, doing so will disable our ability to
track the contents of your shopping cart and order information.
We use Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal information, including credit card number, when we are taking your online order.
When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https."
Because we use SSL, placing
an order online at highisland.com is as safe as giving your credit card number over the phone.
We use authorize.net,
one of the pioneers and most respected payment processing solution providers as our payment processing solution.
We delete any credit card
information that we have after the information is sent to authorize.net for processing.
Discussion Forum
Our forum was created to provide an avenue for our customers to discuss prostate health.
Users of the forum may register or view and post
messages anonymously.
Because we understand that prostate health is a sensitive subject, we collect minimal amounts of information
for users who choose to register.
Survey/Study Participation
When you choose to participate in our survey or studies, we will do our best to protect your privacy. We may ask for your name, invoice number, email or address in order to help maintain private communications with you. This information will never be shared and is confidential.
Instead, all survey participants will be associated with a unique identification number, which we use in place of your personal information. If your results and comments are ever shared, it will only be shared in an anonymous manner, using at most your initials, state, and age.
By participating in our surveys, you give permission for High Island Health to use your information in the anonymous manner as stated above. If you do not wish for such information to be used on our website or other media, please contact support at support@highisland.com.
High Island Health is the owner of all information, including results and comments, collected from our surveys or studies and we reserve the right to publish such information.
3rd Parties
We do not share your personal information, including your e-mail address, with other parties. We hate spam as much as you, so we won't give
your information to anyone.
Links to and from other Web sites
highisland.com offers links to other resources of prostate health.
Other sites have their own privacy policies.
You may want to read their
policies before browsing their sites.
Children
We recognize the importance of protecting privacy where children are involved.
High Island Health will never knowingly request personally identifiable
information from anyone under the age of 13, which is in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
If a child has
provided highisland.com any personally identifiable information, please email support@highisland.com
and we will remove the information about the child from our files.