http://www.indianselections.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
TERMS, CONDITIONS, AND POLICIES
Privacy
Indian Selections respects your privacy. We will never sell your information or distribute it to anyone without your conscent.
Your online privacy is also our concern. We use SSL encryption technology to protect your information when it is being transmitted through the internet between your computer, and our server.
Cookies
We use “cookies” for the purpose of ease. For example, “cookies” assist with keeping your account information to be associated to strictly your account and not anyone else’s account. “Cookies” also keep your information together for when you have one product in your shopping cart while continuing to browse for products at the same time. “Cookies” do not give your computer viruses and they are not able to go into your computer settings and share your other information with us.
Third Parties
Sites or link from our website to other parties websites may contain other privacy policies. We are not responsible for third parties websites.
By using our website you agree to our policies, terms, and conditions.
Errors
Typographical error or incorrect price event, our store can refuse or cancel orders placed on the product listed for incorrect pricing or information. If there is an error made by our store, you can return the product at our expense if it has not been used. We try to be as accurate as possible when portraying a product(s) however we cannot ensure identical specifications. We have the right to limit quantities and cancel orders if there were errors on either side of the transaction.
Taxes
All of our taxes are calculated based on the shipping address of the order.
Any location outside of Canada – no tax – the customer is responsible for any taxes, duties, brokerage fees, etc. Associated with bringing the shipment across the border, which will be collected by the courier
Returns Policy
You may return most new, unopened items within 30 days of delivery for a full refund. We'll also pay the return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error (you received an incorrect or defective item, etc.).
You should expect to receive your refund within four weeks of giving your package to the return shipper, however, in many cases you will receive a refund more quickly. This time period includes the transit time for us to receive your return from the shipper (5 to 10 business days), the time it takes us to process your return once we receive it (3 to 5 business days), and the time it takes your bank to process our refund request (5 to 10 business days).
If you need to return an item, please Contact Us with your order number and details about the product you would like to return. We will respond quickly with instructions for how to return items from your order.
Shipping
We can ship to virtually any address in the world. Note that there are restrictions on some products, and some products cannot be shipped to international destinations.
When you place an order, we will estimate shipping and delivery dates for you based on the availability of your items and the shipping options you choose. Depending on the shipping provider you choose, shipping date estimates may appear on the shipping quotes page.
Please also note that the shipping rates for many items we sell are weight-based. The weight of any such item can be found on its detail page. To reflect the policies of the shipping companies we use, all weights will be rounded up to the next full pound.
International Customers
We are capable of shipping products all over the world. For orders placed online, over the phone, or via fax, we can only accept credit card payment for orders shipping to Canada or the Continental United States, Alaska, or Hawaii.
For shipments to locations outside of Canada and the US, payment must be via Money Order in Canadian or US funds (subject to currency exchange rates and fees).
Price Matching
Either before making a purchase, or up to twenty-one days after a purchase, any regular advertised price will be matched with the following conditions:
Item must be identical. Same manufacturer, same model number, same type or generation, same accessories or bonus items.
Item must be in stock at an authorized branded Canadian dealer, and must be at regular price.
Item may not be priced on a time-limited, restricted quantity, liquidation, or clear out basis.
For in-store pick up at Ayling Hearing & Audiology, and for orders shipped within Southern Ontario, item must be available from a local competitor (within 50km of customer) or the price of next-day shipping will be added to the competitor's advertised price.
If the request is made during purchase the price will be adjusted at the cash register. If the match is requested up to twenty-one days after the purchase, the difference will be refunded in the form of payment originally used, or a store credit will be issued.
We reserve the right to revise this policy at any time without prior notice.
Warranty
Virtually all of our tools carry a manufacturer's warranty. For power tools and machinery, the warranty is typically 1 year against manufacturer's defects, and covers the cost of parts and labour. Hand tools, cutting tools, tool accessories, etc. vary by manufacturer. Please contact us for warranty info on specific products.
Ultimately, we strive for customer satisfaction and are happy to deal with warranty/service issues in a fair and reasonable manner.
×
Sign Up for savings
Join our newsletter & receive 15% discount!
Copyright ©
- IndianSelections.com. All Rights Reserved