http://www.airsoftatlanta.com/pages/terms-conditions
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
Review Our Shipping Policy
sales@airsoftatlanta.com
My Account
Welcome to Airsoft Atlanta!
Login
Create Account
0
Home
Product Catalog
Airsoft Guns
AEG - Airsoft Electric Guns
Gas Airsoft Guns
Airsoft Sniper Rifles
Spring Rifles, Shotguns
Spring Airsoft Pistols
HPA Guns
Police Training Airsoft Guns
Airsoft Starter Kits
Deal of the Day - Airsoft Mystery Box Items
Airsoft Gun Accessories
BB Ammo
Batteries and Chargers
AEG Hicap Magazines
AEG Midcap Magazines
Spring Gun Magazines
External Accessories
Flash Hiders, Suppressors, Tracer Units
Scopes, Red Dots, Mounts
Airsoft Parts
AEG Parts - Internal
AEG Parts - External
Hop Up Parts and Buckings
Sniper Rifle Parts
Gas Gun Parts
HPA Gas Systems
Tactical Gear & Accessories
Safety Gear
Airsoft Grenades
Flashlights and Lasers
Clothing and Gloves
Tactical Gear
Tactical Vests
Pouches
Slings
Holsters
Patches
Misc Gear
New Products
Store Info
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Airsoft Atlanta!
Login
Create Account
Home
Terms of Use
Terms of Use
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
All airsoft guns are sold with a 'blazed orange tip' in regulation with federal USA law.  Exports and restrictions on shipping to some states and countries apply to select products.
NO SALES TO MINORS! PERIOD! 18+ years old to order.  All airsoft GUN sales to:
CA, IL, MA, MI, MN, NH, NJ, NY, PA and DC require a 21+ age signature, ID required upon UPS delivery.Airsoft Atlanta Disclaimer - This portion must be read before any purchase is made. Airsoft Atlanta is a purveyor of airsoft replica products, which comply with Federal and State legislation and is not a firearm merchant. Airsoft Atlanta does not in any manner intend to create confusion or to "pass off" inferior goods by using any firearm manufacturer's established trademarked logos. Airsoft Atlanta is not in competition with any firearm manufacturer and has no intention of diluting any firearm manufacturers' trademarked logos. In order to purchase an airsoft replica product from Airsoft Atlanta, you must be at least 18 years of age. Under no circumstance will Airsoft Atlanta sell to minors. The purchaser of any product from Airsoft Atlanta must be 18 years of age and is aware of any local or state law(s) governing the use of the products and that there are no laws that prohibit owning or purchasing airsoft related products in his/her respective jurisdiction. All airsoft replica products come with a permanent safety orange painted muzzle and any and all trademarks have been removed in accordance to Federal law. Any alteration or modification will violate state and/or federal law and will void any and all warranties. Under Federal law, any use of an airsoft replica product used in a crime, will be equivilent to the use of an actual firearm or weapon. Airsoft Atlanta will be held harmless and free of any and all legal action arising from the use or purchase of Airsoft Atlanta's products.
CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, photos, graphics ,or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of www.airsoftatlanta.com. The collective work includes works that are licensed to www.Airsoftatlanta.com. Copyright 2020, www.airsoftatlanta.com ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with www.airsoftatlanta.com or purchasing www.airsoftatlanta.com products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with www.airsoftatlanta.com or to purchase www.airsoftatlanta.com products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by www.airsoftatlanta.com. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of www.airsoftatlanta.com used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of www.airsoftatlanta.comWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, www.airsoftatlanta.com disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. www.airsoftatlanta.com does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. www.airsoftatlanta.com does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of Liabilitywww.airsoftatlanta.com shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if www.airsoftatlanta.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a www.airsoftatlanta.com product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, www.airsoftatlanta.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. www.airsoftatlanta.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase, and your order is cancelled, www.airsoftatlanta.com shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by www.airsoftatlanta.com without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.Noticewww.airsoftatlanta.com may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to www.airsoftatlanta.com.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Georgia, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.airsoftatlanta.com products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Atlanta, GA. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of www.airsoftatlanta.com products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. www.airsoftatlanta.com's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. www.airsoftatlanta.com may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a www.airsoftatlanta.com or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation Disclaimerwww.airsoftatlanta.com does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, www.airsoftatlanta.com is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, www.airsoftatlanta.com reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to www.airsoftatlanta.com in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless www.airsoftatlanta.com, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, www.airsoftatlanta.com may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with www.airsoftatlanta.com, www.airsoftatlanta.com has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of www.airsoftatlanta.com. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, www.airsoftatlanta.com seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
TRACKING NUMBER EMAILED TO YOU
SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
FAST DELIVERY TO YOUR DOOR
QUICK AND EASY RETURNS
Company Info
Shipping Policy
Returns/Exchanges
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Contact Us
Search
Atlanta Store Info
Atlanta Retail Store Front
Atlanta Airsoft Field
Shipping Info
Contact Us
Product Catalog
Airsoft Guns
Airsoft Gun Accessories
Airsoft Parts
Tactical Gear and Accessories
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about new products, sales, coupons and special promotions.
© 2020 Airsoft Atlanta
American Express
Apple Pay
Discover
Elo
Google Pay
Klarna
Mastercard
PayPal
Shop Pay
Venmo
Visa