http://www.smartstork.com/privacy.asp
Home
Login
Gender Selection
Twins
Fertility Advice
Pregnant
More Information
Reproductive CycleDetermining OvulationTwinsSuccess StoriesFAQPricesDiet RecommendationsThe Diet MethodThe DoucheTiming methods
Services Available
Gender Selection ProgramIncrease your chances of Twins ProgramNatural Fertility Advice
Customer renewal
Privacy Statement and Security information
Smart Stork is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of visitors to our web sites as well as the privacy of our actual customers. All Information that is obtained through the Smart Stork Website is used for the sole purpose of supporting your individual requirements and is not disclosed to any other organisation for any financial gain or advertising purpose.For customers, once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with Smart Stork, orders placed for products through a third party will only receive such information as to serve the purpose of filling and dispatch of your product order, information such as your shipping address and order history may be seen and used by the third party company as per their privacy policys.
Visitors To Our Web SiteWhat information do we collect?
When you visit our web site, our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your ISP's domain, the time you accessed our web site, and the pages from within our web site that you visit.We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on your computer. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes, and dislikes.Our web server does not collect your e-mail address or aggregate information on what other pages on the Web you have accessed or visited.
How do we use this information?
The basic user information collected is used to help us analyse web traffic and to improve the content of our web site. Cookies may be used to facilitate your customer interaction with us. For example, we may use a cookie on the landing page of products sold online which record the customer information that is required on the order form, and then forward this information to our internal sales tracking database.We may from time to time disclose to third parties aggregate information on our web site's traffic profile. For example, Internet advertising companies may require this data to help us better target our advertisements on our web site(s) and/or other web sites.Note that our site provides links to products and services offered by other companies; the company's web site that you link to will be able to determine that you linked from our web site.
Smart Stork CustomersWhat information do we collect?
As a customer of Smart Stork, you provide us with a variety of information. This information is used for the purpose of identifying you for any account enquiries that may arise.While you are a Smart Stork customer, we manage informationwith regard to your account status, choice of services, andcustomer logs. In addition, we may store customers' electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
How do we use this information?
We use the contact information you provide us to establish our service for you. We create and maintain other information such as customer account status, choice of services, and customer logs in the normal course of providing service.We will not disclose customer personal and account information unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of Smart Stork, our customers, or others, or where Smart Stork has a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.Smart Stork also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that Smart Stork stores or transmits for its customers. The circumstances under which Smart Stork will disclose such electronic customer communications are when:-It is necessary in order to provide service to the customer;-It is necessary to protect the legitimate interests of Smart Stork and its customers;-It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that Smart Stork determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and-It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Smart Stork and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.Smart Stork disclaims any intention to censor, edit, or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. Smart Stork will, however, review, delete, or block access to communications that may harm Smart Stork, its customers or third parties. The grounds on which Smart Stork may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of Smart Stork's Terms of Use.Customers may opt out of receiving newsletters and/or notices of new or upgraded products from Smart Stork by sending a request using our Contact Us Page In this request; customers must identify their domain name and contact information.Please note, however, that Smart Stork reserves the right to send bulletins and other important information regarding our services at our discretion.
Security
Smart
Stork has taken the greatest care in the area of credit card security.
Using a 128 bit SSL Certificate that connects directly to the bank, we
can make use of the highest and tightest security measures available
today that is used by all the banks.To be able to perform the
Online Credit Card Transaction we must meet the Bank's standards of
security. To understand what a 128 bit SSL Certificate does to ensure
your details are safe from any form of hacking or interception, then
please read this quick explanation.A web browser such as
Internet Explorer (the program you use to get onto the Internet) which
you are using has built into it standard the ability to communicate to
web servers that have Secure Socket Layer Certificates (SSL
Certificates). These certificates are used to transmit all
data to and from the Website (webserver) to your screen (browser) and
back again using a highly advanced encryption method (developed by the
military) that would take a single PC thousands of years to decode. Even
if you had a machine or group of machines that were fast enough to
crack the encryption, it changes every time there is a request for
information or you are sending information such as your credit card.
This is how and why people are able to use SSL Certificates to ensure
your safety in an Online Shopping Environment.Using our Online
Credit Card Payment area you are assured that you are using a trusted
SSL Secure Certificate. To use this function, you may proceed to the
Check Out Area to pay for your Membership once you have used your
Online Credit Card for your Order Payment option. You then will be able
to fill in our Online Questionnaire and your membership will be
processed.
website disclaimer
refund policy
privacy and security
testimonials
affiliate program
links
contact us