http://www.dollshouse.com/privacy/
Basket (0 items)
Checkout
GO
Search
Home
Houses
Building Supplies
Decor
Lighting
Furniture
Accessories
Figures
Garden
Tools
Children's
Seconds
1/24th Scale
Sale
Privacy Policy
Safeship Fulfilment LTD T/A Dollshouse Emporium is committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of our customers and site visitors. Our privacy policy explains how we collect, use and store information on this website.
Important Facts
We collect data when you use our website to provide functionality, enhance your experience and measure usage
Personal information collected is used only to process orders made
We do not share your data with any third parties unless we are required to do so by law
Dollshouse Emporium is a trading style of Safeship Fulfilment LTD, a company registered in England and Wales (07882931)
As of May 25th 2018, we are changing the way we handle your data. You will now have more control of what data we receive, and how we store/use that data. Please take some time to read our updated privacy policy below.
Introduction
By accessing and using our website at https://www.dollshouse.com you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to our privacy policy.
We respect your right to privacy and will only process personal information you provide to us in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and any other applicable privacy laws.
Who We Are
Dollshouse Emporium is a trading style of Safeship Fulfilment LTD, a company registered in England and Wales (07882931) at Suite 25, Eden House The Industrial Estate, Enterprise Way, Edenbridge, Kent, England, TN8 6HF. Safeship Fulfilment LTD is registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office.
Information We Collect
Information about the device used to access and usage including your IP address, location, browser, referral, length of visit, page views and navigation.
Information relating to any goods added to your basket and / or purchased.
Details provided during registration and / or placing an order including your first name, last name, email address, password, phone number, billing address, delivery address and payment details.
Any other personal information you choose to send to us.
How Information Is Used
We use the information we collect to:
Make our products and services available to you.
Personalise your shopping experience.
Process an order made through our website.
Analyse usage data via a third party to whom we disclose anonymous usage data. We use Google Inc. (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/) to analyse usage data.
Collect payment via a third party to whom we disclose your contact and payment details.
Deliver goods ordered via a third party to whom we disclose your contact details. We use Royal Mail plc (http://www.royalmail.com/privacy-policy) and UK Mail Ltd (https://www.ukmail.com/information/terms-conditions). We also use DPD UK LTD (http://www.dpd.co.uk/privacy_policy.jsp)
If you have opted for us to do so, contact you about our products and services via our newsletters.
Internal accounting and reporting purposes.
Except as set out in this privacy policy, we will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless required to do so by law or for the purpose of crime / fraud prevention.
How do we store your information?
Safeship adopt industry best practices to store your information securely.
We will retain any information collected indefinitely but never for longer than is necessary. We will always retain your personal information in accordance with law and regulation.
Details that are saved to your account or used to place an order they may be stored for up to 1 year.
Responsibility to Young People
We will not knowingly collect information from any unsupervised person under the age of 18 years. If you are under the age of 18 years, you must not use the website or submit any personal data to us unless you have the consent of and are supervised by a parent or guardian.
Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. Cookies can be used by web servers to identify and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
We use both session and persistent cookies on our website.
Your Rights
To ask what personal information we hold about you, subject to the relevant fee at the time specified by law.
To ask us to update or correct any incorrect personal information we hold about you.
To opt out of any marketing communications that we may send you.
Amendments
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. You should check this page when using our website to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
Questions?
If you do have any questions surrounding our privacy policy and/or your personal data we collect, please get in touch with us by emailing support@dollshouse.com or calling us on 01795 665336.
You have the right to unsubscribe from our marketing newsletter at any time, by emailing unsubscribe@dollshouse.com
Last updated May 2018.
Contact Details
support@dollshouse.com
01795 665336
Dolls House Emporium3 Cullet Drive
Queenborough
Kent
ME11 5JS
United Kingdom
Please note that we are an online retailer and do not have a shop or showroom for visitors.
Customer Promise
Free & Fast DeliveryFree UK delivery when you spend £50 or more.
Same Day DespatchAim to despatch orders placed by 2pm (GMT) Mon - Fri same day.
Stock PromiseAll items are in stock ready for immediate despatch.
No Quibble Guarantee If you're not happy with your order, we'll offer a full refund.
Join in the conversation
Facebook
Twitter
Subscribe & Save
Sign up to our newsletter and we'll send you a coupon for 5% off your order.
Subscribe
Subscribe
Email
Information
My Account
Contact
Delivery
Returns Policy
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Details
support@dollshouse.com
01795 665336
Open weekdays 9am - 5pm (GMT) excluding public holidays in the United Kingdom.
Currency
Currency
AUD - Australian Dollar
GBP - British Pound
CAD - Canadian Dollar
EUR - Euro
USD - US Dollar
Location
Country
Albania
Andorra
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Canada
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Guatemala
Guernsey
Hong Kong SAR China
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Jersey
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Monaco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
© Safeship Fulfilment UK LTD (07882931)
Loading...