http://www.rhinegold.co.uk/terms-conditions/
Home
About us
People
Advertise
Careers with Rhinegold
Contact us
Login
Register
Login
Register
Search
Lost Password | Register
Log In
Terms and Conditions
The website Rhinegold.co.uk is provided to you by The Rhinegold Group Ltd. Please read the following Terms and Conditions that serve as a legal agreement between Rhinegold and yourself in the use of this website. Responsibility for your account regarding confidentiality, password, purchasing and unauthorised access belongs with you. Rhinegold should be informed immediately of changes to your registered details. Rhinegold reserves the right to suspend or terminate accounts or access to its website.
Intellectual Property
All intellectual property rights in the design and layout of the Website and the material and information published on the pages of the Website, including, but not limited to, copyright and rights in registered and unregistered trademarks, are owned by or licensed to Rhinegold.
Copyright
The content of this website is exclusively owned and controlled by Rhinegold and is protected by UK and international copyright laws.
You are not permitted to reproduce, adapt or store any party of its content in any medium, unless you have written permission from Rhinegold.
Photocopying of any Rhinegold product is strictly prohibited (unless stated otherwise). Our products are Excluded Titles under the provisions of the Copyright Licensing Agency – that is, no part of our published works may be copied whether a license issued by the CLA or other reproductive rights organisations is held or not. To report a case of illegal copying, send a message to enquiries@rhinegold.co.uk in complete confidence.
Your Magazine Subscription
For enquiries relating to magazine subscriptions or single-issue orders, please contact our customer service team using the details given on our subscriptions page.
Your subscription will start with the next available issue unless otherwise requested.
If you have not received a copy of your magazine that you have paid for as part of a subscription or a one-off purchase, please inform us within 2 months, and we will arrange to send out a replacement.
Should you wish to cancel your magazine subscription, please contact our customer service team. You will be refunded the value of any un-mailed issues within 30 days upon receipt of your cancellation.
Your Advertisement in Rhinegold’s Publications
1 These terms and conditions shall apply to all advertisements accepted for publication. Upon placing an advertisement all advertisers and advertising agencies are presumed to have read and agreed to these conditions without further notice. No other condition shall be binding upon Rhinegold Publishing Limited (hereinafter referred to as “RHINEGOLD”) unless incorporated clearly in written instructions and specifically agreed to in writing by RHINEGOLD. RHINEGOLD will not be bound by conditions appearing on insertion orders which conflict with these conditions. For the purpose of these terms and conditions, “Advertiser” shall refer to the Advertiser or his agent whichever is the principal. The word “Advertisement” is taken to mean print advertisement, loose or other “insert”, online advertisement appearing on the RHINEGOLD website (including the RHINEGOLD Jobs section) or digital advertisement appearing in any of RHINEGOLD ‘s digital products or communications . ‘Cancellation of a Contract’ means cancellation of either all or part of the remaining part of the Contract. ‘Copy’ means the advertising copy as supplied by the Advertiser to the Publisher whether in the form of artwork, or pictures and words to be typeset and laid out by the Publisher and includes both print and digital copy.
2 All advertisements are accepted subject to the words and illustrations used in them being approved by RHINEGOLD and to the space being available.
3 RHINEGOLD reserves the right to refuse, amend, omit or otherwise deal with all the advertisements submitted to them at their absolute discretion and without explanation, in which case no claim on the part of an Advertiser shall arise for damages or breach of contract. RHINEGOLD reserves the right to head and/or box advertisements which in their opinion bear confusing resemblance to editorial matter.
4 Should it prove necessary to omit an advertisement due to the act or default of the Advertiser, then the advertising space reserved shall be paid for in full notwithstanding that the advertisement has not appeared. Such omission shall be notified to the Advertiser as soon as possible.
5 RHINEGOLD reserves the right to make changes to its publication schedules without notice.
6 If RHINEGOLD considers it necessary to make any alteration to the advertising space ordered by the Advertiser and the alteration is unacceptable to the Advertiser, the Advertiser will have the right to cancel, unless such changes are due to an emergency or circumstances beyond the control of RHINEGOLD.
7 Every care is taken to avoid mistakes but RHINEGOLD will not be liable for any loss or damage, consequential or otherwise, occasioned by error, late publication or the failure of an advertisement to appear from any cause whatsoever.
8 The Advertiser warrants that the content of the advertisement (including text and illustration) does not contravene any Act of Parliament nor is it in any other way illegal or defamatory or an infringement of any other party’s rights or an infringement of the British Code of Advertising Practice.
9 The Advertiser will indemnify RHINEGOLD fully in respect of any claim made against RHINEGOLD arising from the advertisement. RHINEGOLD will consult with the Advertiser as to the way in which such claims are to be handled.
10 Advertisement rates are subject to revision at any time and orders are accepted on condition that the price binds RHINEGOLD only in respect of the next edition to go to press.
11 Cancellation of a contract must be confirmed with 14 days of receipt of the Booking Confirmation or by the specified deadline day whichever is the earlier. Failure to cancel the booking within the specified time will render you liable for the full value of the booking. Cancellation will be effective once written notice of intention to cancel is received by the Publisher.
12 In the case of cancellation of an Advertisement that forms part of a series you will forfeit the right to any series discount to which you were previously entitled. Advertisements will then be liable for the full rate and you will then be issued a new invoice for any additional charges in relation to Advertisements that were previously invoiced at a discounted rate.
13 If Copy is not received by the last day for receiving Copy the Publisher reserves the right to repeat Advertiser’s existing Copy in its possession or where the Publisher does not hold relevant Copy to omit the Advertiser and to still charge for the space reserved.
If the Advertiser is supplying copy as a digital file, the Advertiser must supply copy that meets the Specification issued by the Publisher. If the digital file does not comply with the Specification, the Publisher reserves the right to reject the copy and the Advertiser will be asked to re-supply. If, the Publisher has to repair or rectify the file, the Publisher will notify the Advertiser and shall not be liable for any inaccurate reproduction of the Advertisement.
14 RHINEGOLD will allow recognised advertising agents 10% commission on the quoted rates as appropriate, only if Rhinegold Publishing is notified, in writing, of the involvement of the Advertising Agent on the return of the Booking Confirmation issued by the Company, and provided that RHINEGOLD is satisfied as to the creditworthiness of the advertising agent, that payment is made by the due date and provided all other requirements are strictly complied with.
15 Where a discount is applicable it is specified on your Order Confirmation form.
16 Value Added Tax will be added to invoiced amounts according to regulations in force at the time.
17 Credit accounts are strictly net and must be settled on or before 30 days from the date of the invoice. Payment should be made in £ sterling by cheque drawn on a UK bank, by Banker’s Draft in £ sterling, by credit or debit card or by BACS. If payment can only be made by foreign currency cheque then £15 should be added to the space charge.
18 If RHINEGOLD are not paid according to our agreed credit terms, we reserve the right to claim (i) statutory interest at 8% above the Bank of England reference rate in force on the date the debt becomes overdue and at any subsequent rate where the reference rate changes and the debt remains unpaid and (ii) compensation in accordance with the Late Payment of Commercial Debts (Interest) Act 1998.
If accounts are not settled by the due date RHINEGOLD will pass debts out of hand to its credit collection agency for collection and the debt will immediately be subject to a surcharge of £50 and to any other costs incurred in obtaining settlement. A credit charge levied at the rate of 24% per annum will be made if the invoice is not paid by the due date. RHINEGOLD reserves the right to vary the rate of interest charged.
19 RHINEGOLD reserve the right to be reimbursed by the Advertiser for all expenses paid to an outside collection agency or lawyer pertaining to litigation resulting from non-payment of an account.
20 Charges will be made to the Advertiser where the printers are involved in extra production work owing to acts or defaults or the Advertiser. If time permits these charges will be at rates agreed prior to publication.
21 Any complaint regarding the advertisement must be notified by the Advertiser to RHINEGOLD in writing within 14 DAYS of the date of the invoice.
22 Advertisers’ property, artwork etc., are held at Owners’ risk and should be insured by them against loss or damage from whatever cause. RHINEGOLD reserves the right to destroy all artwork which has been in its custody for 12 months from the date of its last appearance in its publications.
23 These conditions and all other express terms of the contract shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of England and wales.
Your Rhinegold Shop Order
Printed products
Printed products ordered from shop.rhinegold.co.uk (not including magazine subscriptions – please see “Your Magazine Subscription” above for magazine orders) should be dispatched within 7 days, subject to the availability of stock.
Should your book(s) not arrive after 14 working days however (UK only, please allow 3 weeks for delivery overseas), please inform us immediately by emailing orders@rhinegold.co.uk. You have one month to notify us of the non-delivery of your book order. After this time, you must pay for a replacement.
Ordered Goods for overseas delivery may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied once the order has reached your country. Any such additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you.
Digital products
Digital downloads ordered from shop.rhinegold.co.uk (not including digital magazine subscriptions – please see “Your Magazine Subscription” above for magazine orders) will be sent automatically to the email address provided immediately upon receipt of payment. If you do not receive the download, please check your junk folder before contacting us on orders@rhinegold.co.uk.
You will have three attempts to download digital products before the download link expires.
Returns
Printed products
Should you need to return a book or printed product, please contact orders@rhinegold.co.uk
Please note that Rhinegold will not accept returns except in the case of books damaged in transit or if a packing error has occurred during the fulfilment of your order. To report a damaged book, or a packing error, please contact us on orders@rhinegold.co.uk.
All returns should be sent to: Rhinegold Publishing Ltd, Rhinegold House, 20 Rugby Street, London, WC1N 3QZ
Digital products
Please note that Rhinegold are unable to give refunds for digital downloads, since digital products cannot be returned.
Reliance on Information on this Site
Information published on this Site is intended solely for the purpose of providing general information and is not intended to amount to advice on which reliance should be placed. We do not warrant that any Materials are accurate or free from error and disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance placed on any content on this Site by any visitor to this Site or by anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.
You acknowledge that when using the Site you may be exposed to Contributions from a variety of sources and that we are not responsible for the content, truth, accuracy, usefulness or safety of such Contributions. We do not endorse any Contributions or any opinion, recommendation or advice expressed in any Contribution and we disclaim any and all liability in connection with such material.
We aim to update the Site regularly and may change the content at any time. We may suspend access to the Site, or close it indefinitely at any time at our sole discretion. The Materials may be out of date at any given time and we are under no obligation to update them.
Every care is taken to avoid mistakes but Rhinegold will not be liable for any loss or damage, consequential or otherwise, occasioned by error or late publication.
Rhinegold reserves the right to make changes to its publication schedules without notice.
Rhinegold endeavours to ensure that all pricing is correct at the time of publication, when displayed in marketing materials and on the website. We do however reserve the right to change prices without prior notice.
These conditions shall be governed and construed in accordance with the Laws of England.
Privacy Policy
Please read our Privacy Policy.
Company Information
Rhinegold Publishing Ltd is registered at:
Rhinegold House
20 Rugby Street
London
WC1N 3QZ
United Kingdom
Company Registration Number: 1308794
Telephone: 020 7333 1733
Rhinegold Group
About us
People
Careers
Contact us
Advertise
Rhinegold Publishing
Magazines
About us
News
Reviews
Interviews
Directories
Free guides
Supplements
Teacher resources
Rhinegold Media & Events
Rhinegold LIVE
Music & Drama Education Expo
Music Teacher Awards for Excellence
Part of the Mark Allen Group Rhinegold 2019 - St Jude's Church, Dulwich Road, London, SE24 0PB Terms & conditions
Privacy
Registered in England No. 02120366