http://www.blueandwhite.com/info.asp#privacy
CHRISTMAS LAST DISPATCH DATES
RegionNormalExpress
UK22nd Dec23rd Dec
USA8th Dec18th Dec
Europe15th Dec 18th Dec
Australasia 4th Dec15th Dec
HOME |
MAKERS/BRANDS |
PATTERNS |
NEW CHINA |
SPECIAL SELECTION |
ABOUT/CONTACT US |
ORDERING/DELIVERY INFO |
SIGN IN/REGISTER |
BASKET
Useful Information
Ordering and Payment ·
Shipping, Insurance and Customs ·
Availability and Condition
Certificate of Authenticity ·
Our Guarantee ·
What our customers are saying ·
Gift Vouchers
Free Search Service ·
Privacy Policy ·
Cookie Policy ·
Terms and Conditions
Ordering and Payment
Select the item you wish to order and type the quantity required in the box. Select as many items as you wish on a page at the same time.
Click on Add Items to Basket and Your Basket will display automatically. Go to Previous Page or Home Page to continue shopping.
The Shipping charge will show automatically in Your Basket, if you are already registered on our site, or it will appear once you enter your details during checkout.
Review and change your basket as many times as you like. Once complete, click Proceed to Checkout and then review or enter your details, plus any delivery instructions, enter payment details and click SUBMIT ORDER.
We accept payment by Visa, MasterCard, Maestro, Delta, Eurocard, American Express, Diners Club International, Discover and BC Global. We charge your card in UK Pounds and your card issuer bills you in your local currency: US Dollars or whatever. Simple for both of us, with no exchange or conversion problems.
For your protection all payment details are encrypted and we keep all your personal details completely secure. If you would prefer not to key in your card details, you can still place an order, just telephone or fax (numbers below) your card details to us.
Shipping, Insurance and Customs
This is a guide to our shipping charges. Large or heavy items shipped outside Europe may attract a shipping supplement, which is quoted on the
item "more details" page. Small low value overseas orders are usually sent Airmail Packet at a reduced shipping charge. We reserve the right to vary
the shipping charge for any order, although we will notify you before dispatch to obtain your agreement. Euro and US$ prices below are approximate conversions.
CountryFlat charge per order
United Kingdom£3
Belgium, Germany, Ireland, Luxembourg, Netherlands£11  €13
France, Italy, Monaco £15  €18
Denmark£18  €21
Austria, Czech Republic, Finland, Hungary, Norway,Poland, San Marino, Slovakia,
Slovenia, Switzerland£22  €26
Portugal, Spain£23  €27
Corsica, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Sweden£26  €30
Bulgaria, Croatia, Romania, Turkey£28  €33
Azores, Balearic Islands, Greece, Madeira, Sardinia, Sicily£33  €38
Andorra, Canary Islands, Gibraltar, Malta, Vatican City£49  €57
Basic charge per orderPlus per piece
USA & Canada£30
US$38£1.50
US$1.90
Australia, New Zealand, Japan and Far East£40£2
Elsewhere£60£5
Orders are usually dispatched same or next working day and typical delivery times are:
United Kingdom
Next working day
European Union
2 or 3 working days
USA and Canada
3 or 4 working days
Australia, New Zealand and elsewhere
About 6 working days
In the UK shipping is by Royal Mail First Class or for large or heavy orders by Parcelforce 48 Hour (no Saturday delivery).
Overseas shipping is by computer tracked parcel airmail. We will send you tracking details and delivery is nearly always to your door. Parcels may require a signature on delivery. Small order Airmail Packets may take a few days longer to arrive.
The china travels at our risk, and in the rare event of damage we arrange prompt refund or replacement. Please retain china and packaging for inspection by our agents.
We complete all necessary Customs documentation, but any Customs dues and taxes are payable by the customer. In practice, our customers are rarely charged duty. Antique china is duty free in most countries.
Availability and Condition
The majority of orders are dispatched same or next working day.
Old and Antique China By their nature these are single items or in limited supply and items are offered subject to remaining unsold.
We describe each item, giving maker and pattern, age, dimensions and shape etc. It is in excellent condition, unless we mention any defects. Antique pieces may have minor glazing faults or crazing, which we mention only if particularly noticeable.
New China We hold large stocks for immediate dispatch. However, if any pieces you order are not immediately available we will let you know the anticipated delivery date.
We buy direct from the factory and china is brand new and first quality. We do not sell seconds.
New china is dishwasher and microwave safe. China with gilt or gold decoration should not be placed in either dishwasher or microwave.
Certificate of Authenticity
As a permanent record of your purchase and written guarantee you will receive a Certificate of Provenance and Authenticity with each item over 50 years old, complete with an illustration and full description of the piece and signed personally by a Director of Lovers of Blue and White.
Our Guarantee
For complete peace of mind you have our Guarantee of Satisfaction.
If anything you buy from Lovers of Blue & White does not meet your expectations you may return it to us within 30 days and we shall refund the cost of the china in full or, with your agreement, replace the item. This guarantee is in addition to your statutory rights.
If the china is faulty, mis-described or damaged in transit we shall also refund the shipping charge and pay a similar amount to cover the cost of returning the china to us.
Please contact us by email or telephone before returning goods to tell us about the problem.
What our customers are saying...
These are just a few of the unprompted comments received from our customers:
"I am just calling to thank you for your excellent service. The cheese dish arrived safely this morning." Mr. A.H., England.
"Thank you for your offer lists and photographs. I'm very inspired by them ... my next order is enclosed." Mrs. G.R., Germany.
"Meat dish arrived in perfect condition. Thanks again." Ms. B.W., U.S.A.
"Thank you for the soup cups and saucers, beautifully packed and safely received today. I am delighted with them and I thank you for your prompt and efficient service." Miss E.K.S., Scotland.
Gift Vouchers
We offer gift vouchers/tokens/cards for any amount. Please ask for details.
Free Search Service
If you seek a particular pattern or piece, we will search for it and let you know when we find it. There is no charge for this service and you are not obliged to buy.
We can also assemble services, settings and collections to meet your individual requirements.
Privacy Policy
All the information you provide to us is completely confidential and never leaves us. We do not sell or provide information to others. You will only hear from us.
We only collect the information we need to communicate with you, process orders or improve your use of our website. We keep this information secure by using firewalls and specialist protection devices and encrypt it when in course of transmission and it is kept on computer systems in physically secure locations. We regularly review and update our security arrangements as the security of customer data is of paramount importance to us.
Cookie Policy
A cookie is a small computer file, which is downloaded to your computer, when you visit our website. The vast majority of websites use cookies. They help you navigate round our website and improve your experience. They also help us to recognise you and process any order you place, indeed cookies are essential for orders to be processed efficiently on all e-commerce websites.
If you want to know more about cookies and how you can manage them visit www.aboutcookies.org. You need to be aware that if you restrict or delete our cookies, you will find our website does not work as you might expect and when you revisit to place an order you will need to re-input all the information you provided previously.
Terms and Conditions
Copyright
All Web site design, text, images, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source code, software (including applets) and all other material on this Web site are copyright of Lovers of Blue & White or their content and technology providers. All rights reserved.
Permission is granted to copy and print portions of this Web site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Lovers of Blue & White. Any other use of materials on this Web site without the prior written permission of Lovers of Blue & White is strictly prohibited.
Governing Law
Your use of the Lovers of Blue & White website and any purchase of any products or services using the Lovers of Blue & White website will be governed by English Law and will be deemed to have occurred in England.
Disclaimer
To the fullest extent permitted at law, Lovers of Blue & White is providing this web site and its contents on an "as is" basis and makes no (and expressly disclaims all) representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this web site or its contents including, without limitation, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, Lovers of Blue & White does not represent or warrant that the information accessible via this web site is accurate, complete or current. Price and availability information is subject to change without notice. Except as specifically stated on this Web site, to the fullest extent permitted at law, neither Lovers of Blue & White nor any of its affiliates, directors, employees or other representatives will be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of this Web site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.
Legal Entity
Lovers of Blue & White is a trading name of Lovers Limited, a company with its registered office at The Barnyard, Station Road, Steeple Morden, Royston, Hertfordshire, SG8 ORN, England and registered in England, number 3011322. VAT number GB 665 6121 32.
Ordering and Payment ·
Shipping, Insurance and Customs ·
Availability and Condition
Certificate of Authenticity ·
Our Guarantee ·
What our customers are saying ·
Gift Vouchers
Free Search Service ·
Privacy Policy ·
Cookie Policy ·
Terms and Conditions
Lovers of Blue & White
Steeple Morden, Royston, SG8 0RN, England
china@blueandwhite.com
Telephone:
From UK01763 853 800
From US/Canada011 44 1763 853 800
From elsewhere+44 1763 853 800
Fax:
01763 853 700
011 44 1763 853 700
+44 1763 853 700
Privacy policy
Website and all content copyright © 2000-2020 Lovers Ltd trading as Lovers of Blue & White.
Cookie policy