http://www.ussoil.net/company/privacy
Website Privacy Policy
U.S. Soil takes your privacy seriously and is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Because we do gather certain types of information from visitors to our sites, we have developed a privacy statement to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This statement discloses the types of information we gather and how it is used.
Guiding Principles
U.S. Soil respects the privacy of individuals who visit our Web sites, send us e-mail or participate in features/services we offer online. Accordingly, our policy regarding online privacy has been developed using the following guiding principles:
U.S. Soil maintains a strict "no-spam" policy. We will not use any emails provided except for requested correspondence.
U.S. Soil will take reasonable physical, electronic and managerial measures to safeguard and secure any information you provide to us (e.g., data will be stored in protected databases on secured servers with restricted access). U.S. Soil will not share any information you've provided to us with anyone without your consent other than to provide the service you've requested. (e.g., the dealer in your area may be contacted if you request to contact them)
Information Collected
Non-Personally Identifiable Data: Any time you visit a U.S. Soil Web site, we may gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access our site. This information may include the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address, and any search engine you may have used to locate the site. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web site, and compile broad statistical data. In addition, U.S. Soil gathers certain navigational information about where you go on our Web sites. This information enables us to determine which areas of the Web sites are most frequently visited and helps us to tailor the sites to the needs and interests of our online visitors.
Information Voluntarily Provided: Any information you provide to us (i.e., name, e-mail address, etc.) when you request information is securely maintained on our Web server and internal systems. This information may be used to provide you with information you've requested about our company.
How We Communicate With You
U.S. Soil may send authorized communications to you on the basis of the information you provide to us through e-mail or regular mail. If you have requested to speak with a local dealer or distributor in your area, many dealer's use telephone as their primary means of communication, and they will contact you via telephone if you provide that information
Disclosure of Personal Information
U.S. Soil understands the importance of your privacy. We collect and maintain the personal information of our consumers for the use of The U.S. Soil and its subsidiaries. We do not sell, rent, or trade consumer information to third parties unless you have requested to speak with a dealer. We then will provide the information as you request to that dealer so they may better serve you.
Agents
U.S. Soil may use other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include administering e-mail services and running special promotions. Such parties only have access to the personal information needed to perform these functions and may not use or store the information for any other purpose. Site visitors will never receive unsolicited e-mail messages from agents working on our behalf.
Compliance with Law/Safety
U.S. Soil may disclose specific personal information based on a good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with or conform to the law or that such disclosure is necessary to protect the users of our Web sites, the sites themselves, or the public.
Policies on Children
Children under the age of 13 are welcome to use The U.S. Soil Web sites. However, we will ask that a registrant under the age of 13 obtain the approval of a parent or guardian before they become fully registered with one of our Web sites. If you feel your child has registered without your consent, please contact us and we will remove their information from our databases.
External Links
U.S. Soil Web sites contain links to other sites. U.S. Soil is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. To help ensure the protection of your privacy, U.S. Soil recommends that you review the privacy policy of any site you visit.
Notification of Changes
This privacy policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Web sites and as Internet privacy standards evolve. To ensure that you are fully informed about how your personal information is used, our privacy policy will always be available for review on our Web sites.