http://www.smokedmeats.com/privacy
UPS has stated arrival time frames are not guaranteed. Please consider this when placing your holiday orders.
We cannot guarantee delivery in time for Christmas after Sunday, 12/13/20.
Skip to Content
FREE Standard Delivery
on all orders in the Continental US.
Home
Privacy
Privacy
Meadow Farms Country Smokehouse, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.We Respect Your PrivacyMeadow Farms Country Smokehouse and its management respects the privacy of our customers and web site visitors. When you visit or shop with us, we want you to know we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchange with our site. We do this because it is our goal to serve you efficiently without exposing you to risks concerning unauthorized access to order transaction information.
On-Line PolicyWe collect information on-line when you request a catalog or place orders so that we can efficiently fill your catalog request, ship your orders and provide you with e-mail order confirmation pertaining to your orders. The information we collect may also be used by us to contact you for marketing purposes. We do not, however, share your on-line order information or telephone number with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you supply us with your telephone number on-line, you will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders you have already placed with our company.
Postal and PolicyIf you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products or special purchase opportunities. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending e-mail to the above address, calling us at the above telephone number or writing us at the above address. We will be pleased to respect your wishes.
Our postal address is: Meadow Farms Country Smokehouse, Inc., P.O. Box 1387, Bishop, California 93515.
We can be reached via email at: shipping@smokedmeats.com, or by telephone at 1-760-873-5311.Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third party cookies to help analyze where visitors go, what they do while visiting our website and for advertising purposes.
×
0
$0.00