http://www.odabash.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
User
Menu
Search
Bag
Heart
Check
FAQ page for COVID-19 updates
free
shipping orders over £250
LIVE
CUSTOMER CHAT
$ USD
€ EUR
£ GBP
Close
New Arrivals
Shop All
Bikinis
Bikini Tops
Bikini Bottoms
Supportive Bikinis
Bandeau Bikinis
Halterneck Bikinis
Padded Bikinis
Triangle Bikinis
Shop All
Shop All
Miami Bikini
Cayman Bikini
Athens Bikini
Swimwear
One Piece
Sustainable Swimwear
Bandeau Onepieces
Halterneck Onepieces
Padded Onepieces
Supportive Onepieces
Shop All
Shop All
Palermo Swimsuit
Kos Swimsuit
Chile Swimsuit
Beachwear
Denim
Kaftans
Beach Dresses
Beach Shorts
Beach Skirts
Beach Tops
Playsuits & Jumpsuits
Shop All
Shop All
Lauri Top
Joy Dress
Alexi Short
Ready To Wear
Accessories
Masks
Personalised Bags Small
Personalised Bags Large
Bags
Hats
Pareos
Sandals
Jewellery
Shop All
Shop All
Sandals
Porto Cervo
Ischia Clutch
Childrenswear
Children's Face Masks
Swimwear
Beachwear
Shop All
Baby Eisha
Baby Milly
Baby Sharize
Sale
Beachwear Sale
Bikini Sale
One-Piece Sale
Shop All
Log in
Create account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
How we use your data
Name and contact details (email, phone, shipping and billing address)
We need this information from you to be able to fulfil our part of the contract with you,  the customer.
This information allows you to be able to place an order, be notified with confirmation and dispatch emails, receive tracking information, be informed when a return is received and once a refund has been processed.
Your information will allow us to detect and prevent fraud against you or the company.
Essential vs. Optional
The essential data we require from you to be able to shop from the website is: Full name, email address, contact number, billing address and shipping address.
Payment information is essential to place an order or issue a refund.
Optional data which you can give to us through your Melissa Odabash account is your date of birth. This information is optional and is used to give our customers a promotional offer or gift for your birthday. The customer has to be opted-in to our newsletters to receive this.
How you use our website
When you use our website we receive information about the device you're using and your IP address.
We use this to be able to suggest the correct store you should be shopping from determined by your location.
This data allows us to analyse the effectiveness of the website and to make sure any faults on the site are easily detected, to give you the best shopping experience we can.
Your payment Information
We need this information to fulfil our part of the contract with the you, to take payment or process refunds. Without providing this information you would be unable to place an order on the website – unless a gift card was being used.
This also helps with fraud detection and prevention against you or the company.
Your payment information is not stored by us.
Contact history with us
We will contact you using the email address or telephone number provided by you or by our live chat or social media platform if you have contacted us by this, to be able to provide informed and relevant customer service.
Order History
This is kept for as long as you have an account with us. The information will enable us to provide inform educated customer care pertaining to past orders.
How we share your information
Your data is shared with essential third-parties to ensure we can fulfil our part of the contract with you.
Fulfilment, dispatch and address validation services receive some information pertaining to your order, the order number and order contents and shipping address to be able to dispatch the correct order to you.
Professional service providers who help us with marketing, adverting and website hosts who help us run our business.
Law enforcement or fraud prevention agencies may have access to your data should the necessary circumstance occur.
We have an office based in the USA, when our UK office is shut a member from the US customer service team may respond to a customer’s query via email or on our websites Live Chat. The customer service team can access your order information if requested.
Our physical stores in the UK on occasion may have access to your contact and/or shipment details if you are unable to purchase a product from the website. However, we will always confirm with you before we pass these details on or request you contact the store to arrange this.
Marketing information
We will only send you information by email if you have explicitly opted-in to receive this information.
The information you will receive will consist of news, latest arrivals or promotional offers and sales. Your preferences for this can be managed through the preference centre. This can also be unsubscribed from at any point through your account, by contacting a member of our customer care team or by clicking the link at the bottom of any e-marketing email.
How we keep your information
We will keep your information for as long as you have an account with us or as long as we need to in order to be able to provide necessary and correct services to you.
If required to or it is necessary by legal requirements to resolve disputes, enforce terms and conditions or prevent fraud we may keep hold of your data for longer as required. Even if you no longer hold an account with us or seek our services.
Your rights
Your rights in relation to your personal information are as follows:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used.
The right to request the personal information we hold about you.
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
The right to request the deletion of your data, or for us to stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop email marketing, you can do this through your account, by contacting our customer care team or by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
The right to complain to your data protection regulator — in the UK, the Information Commissioner’s Office
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
To download our full privacy policy please click here
If you have any complaints, queries or require any further support please do not hesitate to email us at shop@odabash.com
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
FAQ
Promotional Codes
Care Instructions
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you are giving consent to cookies being used. For information on cookies and how you can disable them, visit our Privacy & Cookies page.