https://www.permaframe.co.uk/legal/
Get A Quote
Windows
Doors
Bi-Folding Doors
Conservatories
Orangeries
Solid Roofs
Porches
Roofline
Download a brochure
Home
Showroom
About Us
Customer Reviews
Living Spaces
Inspirations
Collections
Helpful Guides
Blog
Contact Us
Customer Care
Vacancies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Our Privacy Policy
We (Permaframe Installations Limited trading as Permaframe) are committed to protecting your privacy during your visits to Permaframe websites and recognise our responsibility to keep the information you provide to us confidential at all times.
We protect your personal information on the Internet to an equivalent high standard to that you experience through any other channels through which we may interact with you, such as our showrooms, showsites, home visits or on the telephone.
Cookies
A 'cookie' is information that a website stores on your computer so that it can remember something about you at a later time. Cookies are commonly used on the Internet and do not harm your system.
The cookies used on Permaframe websites do not include any information that others could read and understand about you, such as your name or contact details.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
This practice is strictly adhered to. We know that people have concerns about cookies, but we believe that the benefit we both gain from their proper use is worthwhile. You may set your web browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) to notify you of cookie placement requests or decline cookies completely. You can delete the files that contain cookies - those files are stored as part of your Internet browser.
Enquiry Information
When you apply for a product or service on the Permaframe website, you will be asked for personal information that is needed to process your application.
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
Our representatives will follow up your specific request, either by e-mail, phone or mail, as part of our customer care procedures.
We may periodically send targeted and relevant promotional information about products you have specifically enquired about (and therefore demonstrated an intent to purchase) from Permaframe. This may include special offers or other information which we think may help you to achieve your home improvement objectives, using the contact details you provided by requesting information from us.
You have the right to request that no further marketing information is sent to you, and we will always provide a clear option to do this on every communication.
For your protection we will also:
Not hold more information about you than is required for the purposes for which it is being processed.
Your information will not be held for longer than two years if you have enquired only (and not purchased from Permaframe).
If you are a customer who has made a purchase from Permaframe, we are required as a minimum to hold your customer data for the lifetime of the warranty on your purchase (up to 20 years) and unless you request for your information to be removed, we will continue to hold your data on our system for up to 40 years. This is because the data we hold will be relevant should you wish to update your home improvements in the future and we may require the original/specific details of your installation.
Take reasonable endeavours to ensure that any information about you is accurate and kept up to date.
Process your information in accordance with your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018.
Permaframe is part of the Conservatory Outlet Network of retailers (a network of independent retailers who exclusively sell the Conservatory Outlet Limited range of manufactured products). In the unlikely event that Permaframe is unable to service your request (for example, due to geographic restrictions), then your data may be shared with another retailer from within the Conservatory Outlet Network who is able to service your postcode area. When you provide your personal information for us to process your request, your data will remain within the Conservatory Outlet Network only, and any party from within the Network that is unable to service your request will delete your personal information within seven days. Click here to view the full list of Conservatory Outlet retailers and their geographical locations.
Other Websites
We do not have any control over the websites of any other company outside Permaframe. If you click on a link on our site that takes you to another website we cannot be held responsible for your privacy when you are on that website.
Use of Website
The information provided on this website or in any communication containing a link to this site is for personal use and information purposes only and is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction in any country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject any member / dealer of Permaframeto any registration requirement within such jurisdiction. Where any opinions are expressed on this website, they are provided by Permaframe for personal use and for information purposes only.
Unless otherwise stated on the product pages, the services and products on this website are intended for use by residents of the United Kingdom only, and are not aimed at or intended for use by residents of any other jurisdiction.
Where any information on this website constitutes a financial promotion it is issued and approved for publication and distribution in the United Kingdom only.
The information you provide on our online forms will be used to process your request quickly and accurately. This information will not be shared with any third parties beyond the Conservatory Outlet Network, as detailed above.
Your Individual Rights
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018 ‘Right for Information’ – you are entitled at any time to:
be informed about the processing of your personal data
rectification if your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete (requests to amend data will be processed within one month)
access to your personal data and supplementary information, and the right to confirmation that your personal data is being processed
be forgotten by having your personal data deleted or removed on request where there is no compelling reason for Permaframe to continue to process it (requests to have your data deleted will be processed within one month)
restrict processing of your personal data
data portability of your personal data for your own purposes
object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing, scientific or historical research, or statistical purposes. You have the right to ‘opt out’ of receiving any marketing or promotional material from Permaframe at any time.
Please visit https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public/ for more information regarding your personal data protection rights.
Your right to lodge a complaint
If you have a complaint or questions about the Data we hold please contact us in writing (using the address below) with any enquiries relating to the collection, storage, transfer or deletion of your personal data collected via this website.
Customer Services
Permaframe Installations
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
Exclusion of Liability
These 'Exclusion of Liability' provisions should be read carefully as they exclude or limit our legal liability in connection with your use of this website. Nothing in these terms and conditions and in particular within the 'Exclusion of Liability' clauses shall attempt to exclude liability that is not permissible to exclude under applicable law, including without limitation, for fraudulent misrepresentation.
While we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure the accuracy and completeness of the content of the website, we exclude any warranties, undertakings or representations (either express or implied) to the full extent permitted under applicable law, that the website or (including without limitation) all or any part of the content or materials, accuracy, availability or completeness of the content of the website or any part of the content or materials, are appropriate or available for use either in the United Kingdom.
Access to and use of this website is at the user's own risk and we do not warrant that the use of this website or any material downloaded from it will not cause damage to any property, or otherwise minimise or eliminate the inherent risks of the internet including but not limited to loss of data, computer virus infection, spyware, malicious software, trojans and worms. Also, we accept no liability in respect of losses or damages arising out of changes made to the content of this website by unauthorised third parties.
To provide increased value to users of this website, we may provide links to other websites or resources (that are not part of Permaframe) for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and that we do not review or endorse and shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use that others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.
Personal Data
By agreeing to be bound by these terms and conditions, you are agreeing to be bound by our Privacy Policy.
Copyright
© Permaframe. All rights, save as expressly granted, are reserved. Reproduction in any form of any part of the contents of this website without our prior written consent is prohibited.
The trademarks, logos, images, photographs and service marks ("Marks") displayed on this website are the property of Permaframe or other third parties. Users are not permitted to use these Marks without the prior written consent of Permaframe or such third party which may own the Mark.
Changes to this Website
The contents of this website, including these terms and conditions of use, are subject to change by us without notification. Additionally Permaframe shall not be obliged to remove any outdated information from the website or to expressly mark it as being outdated.
Telephone Calls
Calls may be recorded for training and/or monitoring purposes. You have the right to request for any call not to be recorded at any time.
Internet Communications
In order to maintain the security of its systems, protect its staff and detect fraud and other crimes, Permaframe reserves the right to monitor all internet communications, including web and email traffic, into and out of its domains. Monitoring includes (without limitation) checks for viruses and other malignant code, and use or content that is unauthorised or unlawful or material that may cause offence in any way.
GENERAL INFORMATION
Enforceability
In the event that any provision of these terms and conditions of use of this website is held unenforceable, it will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Governing Law
The terms and conditions of use of this website are governed by the laws of England and any dispute regarding this website shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
Name & Registered Office:
PERMAFRAME INSTALLATIONS LIMITED
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
Company No. 07635663
Our Terms & Conditions
1. General
Use by users (“you”/”your”) of www.permaframe.co.uk (“the Site”) constitutes acceptance by you of the following terms of use. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE WILL BE GOVERNED BY THESE TERMS. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SITE. If you do not agree to all of these terms of use and our Privacy Policy (“terms”), you may not use the Site which is owned and operated by Permaframe Installations Limited  ("us"/”our”/”we”).
These terms relate to your use of the Site.
All samples, drawings, descriptions, specifications, illustrations, photographs and advertising or equivalent or otherwise (“Sample(s)”) are issued or published on the Site for the sole purpose of giving an approximate idea of the products represented by or described in them. By using this Site, you appreciate that the colour of the product as they appear in the Samples may not accurately reflect the colour when the product is actually viewed and colour variation may otherwise occur outside of our control or the manufacturer, and whilst we use reasonable endeavours to ensure that the Site Samples match the actual product, we cannot and do not guarantee this. Accordingly, any purchase by you of product based on the Site Samples alone will not be deemed as a sale by sample.
2. Copyright and Trademarks
The information and materials ("Content") appearing on the Site are displayed for personal, non-commercial use only. All software used on the Site and all Content included on the Site (including, without limitation, site design, text, graphics, audio and video, the selection and arrangement thereof and the underlying source code) is our property, or that of our suppliers, and is protected
by international copyright laws. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
None of the Content may be downloaded, copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted, stored, sold or distributed without the prior written permission of the copyright holder. This excludes the downloading of one copy of extracts from the Site on any single computer for personal, non-commercial home use only, provided that all copyright and proprietary notices are kept intact. Modification of any of the Content or use of any of the Content for any purpose other than as set out herein (including without limitation on any other website or computer network) is prohibited. If you breach any of the terms of this legal notice, your permission to use the Site automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any downloaded or printed extracts from the Site. Requests to republish any of the Content and to use quotations or extracts from the Site should be addressed by postal mail to:
Marketing Manager
Permaframe Installations
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
All trademarks, service marks and logos used on the Site from time to time are the trademarks, service marks or logos of their respective owners. We have made every effort to secure (where appropriate) licenses and clearances for all third party intellectual property used on the Site. You may notify us of alleged intellectual property rights infringement by contacting us by postal mail to:
Marketing Manager
Permaframe Installations
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
3. Links to third party websites
The Site may from time to time include links to third party internet websites which are controlled and maintained by others. Third party web sites includes any web site other than www.permaframe.co.uk. This Terms Of Use applies to www.permaframe.co.uk and does not apply to any other dealer web site (please see those respective web sites for their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use guidelines). Links from our Site to any other web site are included solely for your convenience and do not constitute any endorsement by us of the websites linked to or referred to, including the products and/or services featured on those websites, nor do we have any control over, or knowledge of, any privacy practices or content of any such websites. Further, we have not reviewed these third party websites and do not make any representations regarding the availability, content or accuracy of materials on such websites. If you decide to access third party websites through links on the Site, you do so at your own risk. Your use of third party websites is subject to any terms and conditions of use of those websites which you should read immediately prior to submitting personal information to those websites.
4. Liability disclaimer
While we endeavour to ensure that the information on the site is correct, to the maximum extent permitted by law, we provide you with the site on an ‘as is’ basis only. You accept that access to the site may be suspended at any time and without notice in the case of systems failure, maintenance or repair or for any other reasons whatsoever, including for reasons beyond our control.
We make no representation or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information (including samples as defined at clause 1 above), reliability, completeness or timeliness of the content or services available on the site or that the use of the site will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. You expressly agree that your use of the site is at your own risk.
Further, any other party (whether or not involved in creating, producing, maintaining or delivering the site) including the officers, employees, consultants or agents exclude all liability and responsibility for any amount or kind of loss or damage that may result to you or any third party (including without limitation, any direct, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damages, or any loss of income, profits, goodwill, data, contracts, use of money or loss or damages arising from or connected in any way to business interpretation and whether in tort (including without negligence) contract, warranty or otherwise in connection with the site in any way or in connection with the use, inability to use or the results of use of the site, any websites linked to the site or the content on the site, including but not limited to loss or damage due to viruses (including logic bombs, trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data) that may infect your computer equipment, software data or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing the site or your downloading of any content from the site or any websites linked to the site. Further, we exclude all liability and responsibility as set out above whether or not we are advised of the possibility of such loss or damage.
Nothing in this legal notice shall exclude or limit our (including our employees
or agents) liability for:-
(a) death, personal injury or fraud caused by our negligence; or
(b) mis-representation as to a fundamental matter; or
(c) any liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law,
including:-
(a) conditions and warranties as to title to goods implied by sale of goods legislation and where the customer deals as a consumer; or
(b) conditions as to goods’ description, fitness and quality and implied by sale of goods legislation and conditions as to supply of goods and services legislation
If your use of the content on the site results in the need for servicing, repairing or correction of equipment, software or data you assume all costs thereof.
If you are a consumer this legal notice does not affect your statutory rights which you have under law which cannot be excluded or limited. If you want to know what these rights are, you should contact your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau.
5. Your account
If you have an account with us, then you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of this account and any related passwords for your restricting access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that take place under your account and/or passwords. Currently, only employees, Conservatory Outlet dealers and their employees and certain vendors require passwords to access certain portions of the web site. At this time, general consumers do not require passwords to access our Site. In the event that providing you with a password becomes necessary or helpful to your use of our Site, you will be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of this account and any related passwords for your restricting access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that take place under your account and/or passwords.
Other than personal data or sensitive personal data about you, which is covered under the terms of our Privacy Policy, any material you transmit or post to the Site shall be considered non confidential and non-proprietary. We shall have no obligations with respect to such material. We and designated third parties shall be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting to or from the Site any material: that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience; or for which you have not obtained all necessary licenses and/or approvals; or which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in the United Kingdom or any other country in the world; or which is technically harmful (including without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data); or which facilitates your misuse of the Site (including, without limitation, hacking)
We shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach of the above prohibitions.
6. Termination
You agree that we may in our sole discretion and at any time terminate any password and account (or any part thereof) of yours without limitation, if we reasonably believe that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these terms.
7. Special offers and finance
Permaframe Installations Limited reserve the right to end or change offers featured on our website at any time without prior notice. All others and products are subject to availability. All finance is subject to status and written quotations are available upon request. Permaframe Installations Limited is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. If you have any questions or a complaint about our special offers or finance please contact us by writing to:
Marketing Manager
Permaframe Installations
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
or telephone 01698 540500
8. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold us, our officers, employees, agents, consultants, licensees, web designer, web personnel and suppliers, harmless from and against any claims, actions or demands, liabilities and settlements including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from or alleged to result from, your use of the Content of the Site in a manner that violates, or is alleged to violate, these terms. We shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding, and shall reasonably co-operate with you, at your expense, in your defence of any such claim.
9. Force Majeure
We will not be liable for any delay or failure in performance or interruption of the delivery of the Content of the Site. Furthermore, we will not be liable for any delay or failure in performance or interruption of the delivery of the Content of the Site resulting directly or indirectly from any cause or circumstances beyond our reasonable control, including but not limited to failure of equipment or communication lines, telephone or other interconnect problems, computer viruses (including logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data), unauthorised access, theft, operator errors, severe weather, earthquakes or natural disasters, strikes, or other labour problems, wars or governmental restrictions.
10. Severability and Waiver
If any provision of these terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these terms, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these terms shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
11. Access outside England
We are based in England. Access to the Content of the Site may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Site from outside England you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the Laws of your jurisdiction. Recognising the global nature of the internet, you agree to comply with all local rules regarding online conduct and acceptable content. Specifically, you agree to comply with all applicable laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from the country in which you reside.
12. Entire agreement
These terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us and govern your use of the Site, superseding any prior agreements between you and us.
13. Jurisdiction
These terms are governed by, and construed in accordance with, English Law unless you live in Scotland in which case, these terms will be governed by Scots Law and you and us irrevocably agree that the UK Courts shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with these terms or the legal relationship established by them, and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the UK Courts.
14. Notification of changes to these terms and conditions
We reserve the right at our sole discretion to add to or change these terms. If we publish any changes we will let you know by posting such changes to this page and/or by posting notification of change to our Site homepage. Once we have posted any such changes it is then your responsibility as a user to ensure that you are aware of such changes from time to time. Changes will become effective 24 hours after first posting and you will be deemed to have accepted any change if you continue to access the Site after that time.
15. User information
We do collect information on what pages are accessed or visited by you for statistical purposes. Our web site uses web site statistical services that compile statistics on the general geographical locations of users, IP addresses, the time spent on the web site, the pages visited, the screen resolutions and other useful statistical data pertaining to visitors' computers and the pages accessed when visiting the Site. By viewing any page within our Site, your data is collected by our stats services. Other personal information may be volunteered by you, such as your contact details, survey information and/or any site registrations. We use this information for internal review and in order to improve the content of the Site.
We gather personal information necessary to fulfil your order such as your name, telephone number, email address and postal address and any enquiries that you provide voluntarily when you contact us by e-mail, by phone or complete any on-line forms. In order to provide you and other Site users with a personalised and valuable service we operate a voluntary personal information submission process. During submission a user is required to give contact information as described above. We may ask you to provide us with information regarding your contact preferences in order to provide you with further correspondence about our products and services. You are not obliged to provide this information and you can opt out of this correspondence during registration. Further, without prejudice to the above, we shall at all times process your information obtained via your access and use of the Site and/or otherwise in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Where we collect from you and you voluntarily submit to us your information whilst using this site, our use of your information will be governed by these terms including our Privacy Policy. Please read these terms of use and our Privacy Policy carefully before using the site.
16. Our contact details
If you have any comments suggestions or questions about these terms and/or the Site and/or us generally, please contact us by writing to:
Marketing Manager
Permaframe Installations
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
17. Monitoring phone calls
We may monitor and record phone calls. This will help us to improve our service and make sure we keep to our practices and procedures. Also, by recording phone calls, we can provide evidence of any agreements you enter into over the phone. Any phones calls recorded will be deleted after 30 days.
18. Company information
This site is the property of:
Permaframe Installations Limited
Permaframe Installations
Unit B4, Southgate
Commerce Park, Frome
Somerset BA11 2RY
Company No. 07635663
Get a quote now!
Request a brochure
Virtual appointment
Legal
Complaints
Created & Managed by DIGITALKOG
All content © Permaframe Installations Ltd.