https://www.pjpan.co.uk/terms/
WORLDWIDE DELIVERY | FREE UK DELIVERY OVER £50 | EXTENDED CHRISTMAS RETURNS
Home
Terms
The terms and conditions provided herewith govern the use of this website and outline the legal responsibilities and obligations that shall exist between you and PJ Pan Limited (also referred hereafter as ‘we', ‘us', ‘our'). By placing an order on this website, you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions.
If you have any questions whatsoever, please telephone us on 01250 881325 or write to us at PJ Pan, The Steading, Balvarran, Enochdhu, Blairgowrie, Perthshire, PH10 7PA, UK.
Ordering Goods
When placing an order, you undertake to ensure that any and all information given is accurate and complete. Should you wish to amend an order or change the delivery address, please contact us immediately.  We will endeavour to make amendments prior to despatch, however we cannot guarantee that changes can be made once an order has been processed.
Availability information for products is listed on each individual product description.  We do our utmost to ensure stock levels are correctly displayed on the website, but the displayed stock levels cannot be guaranteed. All orders are subject to product availability and acceptance. We will send you an email confirming that your order has been received, but this is not a confirmation that your order has been accepted. A contract between you and PJ Pan for the sale of our products will only exist once an order has been despatched to you.  You will receive a separate email confirming the despatch of the item(s) at that time.
If you make special arrangements to pre-order an item or items, your credit/debit card will be charged for the full value of the goods only when your order is ready for despatch. If you place an order for bespoke pyjamas, pyjama trousers, nightshirt or any other garment, payment will be charged at the time of placing the order.
If for any reason we are unable to fulfil any part of your order, we will notify you as soon as is practical and refund your card within 7 days of so doing, assuming you do not wish to take an alternative product.  Your statutory rights will not be affected.
The availability of goods is subject to change without notice. The delivery charge will be added to your order value unless otherwise stated.
Use of Goods
Any items used for professional benefit (such as use in film, tv or theatre production) or personal benefit (such as use in a photographic studio) must be retained by the customer. You are not entitled to return any items that have been used for your personal or professional benefit, unless such agreement has been reached in advance with PJ Pan.  If items are being ordered for a casting or fitting, any returned unused items will be subject to a 10% restocking fee (or minimum charge of £5 per item) including items returned for an exchange. Anything returned used or damaged will not be eligible for a refund.
Clarity of Description
We take great care to ensure that the description and specification of all our products are correct. However, whilst we provide detailed descriptions of each product on this website these descriptions are not intended to be binding. We believe all our descriptions to be an accurate reflection of the goods however these descriptions can only be relied upon to provide a general description of the products.
We go to great lengths to ensure the on screen colour of the products is a close representation to the actual colour, but we cannot guarantee against exaggerated variation in colour caused by the browser software or computer system used by you.
Special Offers
Special Offers cannot be combined or used in conjunction with any other promotion.
If a Special Offer code for a discount of fixed saving is valid only for orders over a certain amount, that amount does not include or affect delivery charges, unless specifically stated.
If a Special Offer code for a discount of fixed saving is valid only for orders over a certain amount, and items are returned resulting in the order being under the threshold amount, we reserve the right to limit the extent of any refund to reflect the full advertised price of the goods you retain.
Unless otherwise stated, all free delivery promotions are limited to UK addresses on a standard delivery basis only.
In case of a part return of a multi-buy promotion the benefit of the offer will be void and you will be refunded so that you will have paid full price of the goods you retain.
Partial stock
In the event of a multiple order being made online and part of the order being unavailable we will notify you as soon as we become aware.  If the missing part of the order is due in stock within a reasonable time-frame the order will be despatched as soon as the stock has arrived to fulfil the entire order. We will endeavour to keep you fully informed on the progress of your order at all times, but please be aware that delivery times are best estimates and are by no means guaranteed.
At our discretion we may dispatch part orders. In this case, you will only pay a single delivery charge.
Delivery
In respect of items that are in stock, all orders placed on Sundays, Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays are usually despatched within 24 hours of the order being accepted. Orders placed on Saturdays are usually dispatched within 48 hours. Orders are not dispatched on Sundays or Bank Holidays.
In the event that an item being temporarily out of stock, we will notify you of the anticipated delay and despatch it as soon as it arrives, unless you decide to amend your order to an in stock item or cancel your order.International orders may be subject inspections by customs.
Incorrect Delivery Address
We cannot be held responsible for undelivered goods where an invalid or incorrect address has been provided by the customer.  In such circumstances, refunds or replacement goods will not be given, unless we receive the original items back from Royal Mail or the designated carrier, undamaged and in their original condition.
Returns Policy
You may return any products within 14 days of receipt for a full refund as long as those products are unwashed, unworn (except for the purposes of trying on) and with the original tags attached. Refunds will be processed within 7 days of receipt of goods.  We recommend that you obtain proof of postage as we do not accept any responsibility for returned items that fail to reach us.  We will refund the postage cost of returning any faulty items, or incorrect items sent in error, however we will not refund the postage costs of any other unwanted goods or returns.  Items received after the 14 day period will only be considered for a credit note or exchange, at our discretion.
Items not returned in their original condition (damaged, stained, missing swing tags etc) will not qualify for a refund.  You are entitled to keep these item(s) but you will be liable for any postage costs in returning the item(s) to you.
Exchanges Policy
You may return any products within 14 days of receipt for an exchange as long as those products are unwashed, unworn (except for the purposes of trying on) and with the original tags attached. Exchanges will be processed within 3 days of receipt of goods, assuming the requested item(s) is/are in stock.  You will not be charged delivery costs when we send your replacement item(s) (applies to UK only). Any further exchanges relating to the same order will incur a minimum delivery charge of £3.50 (any additional costs for heavier/larger items will be charged at cost).
Cancellation
Prior to dispatch you may cancel this contract in writing. If you do cancel the contract within this time, any payments made by you will be refunded in full within 7 days. However, if the products have already been despatched, you will be required to return the items as per the terms and within the time-frames provided in our Returns Policy, prior to refunds being paid.
Payment
We provide a secure payment environment for settlement by credit card and debit card. We currently accept Visa Debit, Visa Credit, Mastercard Debit, Mastercard Credit, UK Maestro, American Express, Visa Electron.
PJ Pan Loyalty Programme
We reserve the right to terminate the PJ Pan rewards scheme or to change these terms and conditions, regulations, or benefits of participation, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice, even though changes may affect the number of PJ Points accumulated by the user. Please be aware that PJ Points will be added to the user's account when payment is received but will not be available to use until the full order has been dispatched.If we believe, in our sole discretion, that a user is abusing the rewards scheme, we reserve the right to terminate the user's account.  We are not responsible for awarding PJ Points if, for any reason, orders are cancelled or items are returned.  PJ Points earned during points promotions will be withdrawn if the order is amended to a date outside the original eligible date rate.We may at any time withdraw, modify or cancel the number of PJ Points awarded per £1 spent.  We may at any time withdraw, modify or cancel the redemption value of 1 PJ Point. We reserve the right to cancel any PJ Points awarded if we are notified that a user returned an order. PJ Points earned from two or more different user's accounts cannot be combined and redeemed on the same order. Only orders placed on the PJ Pan website or over the phone accrue PJ Points. Unless explicitly stated, orders at fairs will not earn you PJ Points.
Taxes
Prices on this website are quoted in pounds sterling and, if you are ordering from within the EU, are inclusive of VAT.  Overseas deliveries outside of the EU may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the goods arrive in your country. It is your responsibility to meet any additional charges for clearing customs.
Copyright
The content of this website (including pictures, designs, logos, photographs, text) are the copyright of PJ Pan, or one of PJ Pan's contracted service suppliers.
Limitations Of Liability
PJ Pan shall not be liable to you by reason of any representation, or any implied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty at common law, or under the express terms of the contract, or in negligence for any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage (including but not limited to loss of profit or loss of saving), costs, expenses or other claims for compensation whatsoever which arise out of or in connection with the use of this website, the supply of the products or their subsequent use by you.
PJ Pan endeavours to ensure that the information on this website is accurate and up-to-date.  However we do not give any warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of this website.  We will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results arising from the use of such information.
PJ Pan makes every effort to fulfil a high quality and timely service, however we cannot guarantee that your use of this website will be free from all errors and we will not be responsible for any loss of or corruption of any material when in transit or when downloaded onto any individual computer or system.
PJ Pan will not be liable to you or be deemed to be in breach of these terms and conditions in the event of a delay or failure to complete an order when the cause was due to circumstances beyond PJ Pan's control.
Your statutory rights that may not be legally excluded are not intended to be affected by any of the conditions provided herewith.
Governing Law
These Terms and Conditions and your use of this website shall be governed and interpreted by Scottish Law and shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of Scotland.
This website and PJ Pan's Terms and Conditions have been designed for use within the United Kingdom and under UK law. We are unable to advise whether ordering through this website from outside the UK complies with any applicable or specific laws or regulations outside the UK.  Any products, goods, services or special offers not permitted under your local law are therefore not intended for you.
Our Details
PJ Pan Limited Registered address: PJ Pan Limited The Steading Balvarran Enochdhu Blairgowrie PH10 7PA Company Registration Number: SC570021 VAT Registration Number: 157984454
Terms
Contact Us
Size Guide
Delivery and Returns
Gift Wrapping
Style Details
Terms
Privacy Policy
Loyalty Programme
Loading...
© 2020 PJ Pan