https://www.keymailrecords.com/privacy
My Account
Upcoming Releases
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
About Us
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Returns
Site Map
Order History
Newsletter
Books
Contact
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Shopping Cart:
0 item(s) - £0.00
0
Your shopping cart is empty!
Artist/Title
UK INDEPENDENT RECORD STORE SINCE 1987
Categories
UK INDEPENDENT RECORD STORE SINCE 1987
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Keymailrecords Ltd recognises that your personal information is sensitive and private and is committed to protecting your information. Under data protection regulations, you have the right to have your personal information removed at any time from Keymailrecords Ltd or indeed, any other company. We make this option clear and simple to achieve for all of our customers.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you will be asked to enter your: name, email address, mailing address and/or phone number. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information and you can visit our site anonymously, however it may prevent you from engaging in certain site related activities.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you will be used in some of the following ways:
- To personalise your experience: Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
- To improve our website: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
- To improve customer service: Your information helps us more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
- To process transactions: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
- To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment Gateway providers database only to be accessible to those authorised with special access rights to such systems and are required  to keep the information confidential.
After transaction, your private information regards credit and debit cards will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes, cookies are small files that a site or it's service provider transfers to your computers' hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites' or the service providers systems to recognise your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and wish list and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
If you prefer you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone or by contacting customer services via email. For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours and others rights, property or safety.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy we will post these changes on this page and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 28.09.2018
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us by telephone: 01276 686360, via email: music@keymailecords.com or by post at: 151A London Road, Camberley, Surrey, United Kingdom GU15 3JY. Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Keymailrecords Ltd has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner’s Office by telephone: 0303 123 1113 or via their website: https://ico.org.uk/.