http://www.kellamknives.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Products
KNIFE SHOP
NORDIC SHOP
BOOK SHOP
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter for periodic updates.Email Address:
Specials  [more]
Utility Knife, serrated$55.00  $44.00Save: 20% off
Search
Advanced Search
Important Links
PRESS
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Reviews  [more]
I bought this knife when it had just come out and after...
Testimonials
Thank You!!I recently ordered a Roselli Leuku. I've ordered from many internet knife stores, but I think yours is the fastest, most courteous I've done business...Read More ->Keep up the good workI have been meaning to write to you for some time now. I just wanted to say that the Jouni Folder is the best knife I have ever owned. I have used in...Read More ->Prompt DeliveryHarriet, I received the knives on the 8th of March. I was and am very impressed with the prompt delivery of this merchandise. I am once again a...Read More ->I'm very pleasedThat was a very nice reply from you and frankly, I was kind of taken off balance by such a good customer service. So far, I'm very pleased with the...Read More ->Outstanding performersEver since I first started receiving your catalog back when you were still on Long Island I have wanted that knife (Pokara) but it took me until now...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. In order to make you feel comfortable and secure in our online store, we have taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online.
The Information We Collect:
You can visit us on the Internet without telling us who you are or giving us personal information. There are times we may ask you to provide personal information, for example, registering for our website, to process an order or when you contact us. When you order a product, we ask you to become a registered user of our site, during which you will be asked for your name, billing address, phone number and your e-mail address. By registering we can serve you better and you can take full advantage of the site features. When you order the product, you will also be asked your shipping address and credit card information. When you contact us through the "Contact Us" -page, you will be asked your e-mail address.
The Way We Use Information:
We may use your personal information to deliver the products and services that you request or enhance your experience on our site; in general, to give you the best possible service. We use the information when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share or sell any of your personal information.
Site Security:
Any personal and credit card information you enter on our site is strongly encrypted by industry-standard protocol, SSL (Secure Sockets Layer). Our web site site uses 128-bit encoding SSL which encrypts your credit card and personal information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server.
If you are still unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to order by phone, or mail. For telephone ordering or assistance, please call 1-800-390-6918. You may also send your order to:
Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc.
7789 S Suncoast Bvd Ste 142
Homosassa, FL 34446
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and clicking on "My Account" in the top or bottom menu.
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please
send us an email at info@kellamknives.com
call us 1-800-390-6918
To Order Call 1-800-390-6918
::
PRIVACY NOTICE
::
CONDITIONS OF USE
::
MY ACCOUNT
::
SITE MAP
::
CONTACT US
Copyright © 2020 Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc.. Powered by Zen Cart