http://www.orleansjewels.com/privacy-policy/
Svg Vector Icons : http://www.onlinewebfonts.com/icon
Svg Vector Icons : http://www.onlinewebfonts.com/icon
Rings
All Rings
Create Your Own Classic
All Create Your Own Classic
Solitaire Engagement Sets
Wedding Sets, Inspired
Bands, Perfectly Paired
Solitaire Engagement Rings
All Solitaire Engagement Rings
Classic Solitaires
Baguette Solitaires
Wide Band Solitaires
Fancy Solitaires
Engagement & Wedding Rings
All Engagement & Wedding Rings
Wedding Sets
Engagement Rings
Eternity Bands
Anniversary Bands
Matching Bands
Three Stone Rings
Cocktail Rings
Criss Cross Rings
Mens Rings
Earrings
All Earrings
Stud Earrings
Leverback Earrings
Pendants
All Pendants
Bar Pendants
Classic Solitaire Pendants
Fancy Pendants
Policies and FAQ
Policies and FAQ
Shipping And Returns
Payment Options
International Orders
Guarantee
FAQ
Testimonials
Blog
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for ORLEANSJEWELS.COM Here at ORLEANSJEWELS.COM we are commited to never sell or rent information about our customers or visitors. Any personal information that is shared with us will never be given out in any form. In other words, any Personally Identifiable Information is not disclosed, sold, traded, or rented to anyone. Customer information that is collected is for the purposes of filling orders, sending specials or promotional information, enhancing the operation of our site, for statistical purposes and to administer our systems.
Read the complete ORLEANSJEWELS.COM Privacy Statement here.
ORLEANSJEWELS.COM INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY Your information is safe and secure and your privacy on the ORLEANSJEWELS.COM website is a top priority. ORLEANSJEWELS.COM does not sell, rent or exchange this information for commercial purposes. The information we learn from our customers helps us provide you with the best possible service.
Due to the fact that we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the acquisition and use of this information. By visiting ORLEANSJEWELS.COM you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Frequently Asked Questions
1. What information do we collect online? How do we use it?
a)Information you provide to us. Email: When you subscribe to ORLEANSJEWELS.COM emails, you only have to provide your email address. If you should choose to purchase products, you are not required to register on the site (see Merchandise Orders.)
Merchandise Orders. When you first place an order on our site, we ask you to provide personally identifiable information for processing and shipping the order. This information includes your name, mailing address, credit card billing address(es), shipping address(es), email address, telephone number, credit card security code (will be requested at point of sale but will not be retained for our records), your credit card number and expiration date. We use this information to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order by email.
Our site users can choose to electronically forward an email to someone else by clicking "refer a friend." The user must provide the recipients name and email address, as well as the senders name. This information is used to let the recipient know who sent the email. This email is a one time only email and the information is not retained or used for any other purpose.
Contests. When you enter a ORLEANSJEWELS.COM contest, sweepstakes, or other promotional event, we collect information to administer the program and notify the winners. Typical information requested includes your name, address and email address. You may receive promotional emails from ORLEANSJEWELS.COM as a result of entering the contest, but you always have the option of choosing not to receive additional communications.
Surveys. Occasionally ORLEANSJEWELS.COM conducts surveys to improve your customer experience. We may use the site to conduct surveys, or may contact you via email or phone. Surveys are anonymous and you always retain the option not to participate.
Testimonials. From time to time, ORLEANSJEWELS.COM responds to the emails and letters from satisfied customers, requesting to use the positive comments from the customer in various promotional efforts. If you grant us permission to use your information, we pledge to keep your personal information confidential.
Customer Service. If you contact our Customer Service via phone, mail or email, ORLEANSJEWELS.COM keeps a log of the information with your personal information that you may provide to continue improving our service, follow-up on customer requests, and contact people who may be violating our policies.
b) Other information we collect.
Site Optimization. In order to assure your visit to ORLEANSJEWELS.COM is completely satisfactory, our system automatically identifies which browser you are using, the IP (Internet Provider) you used for access, and your Operating System. We do not collect any personal information from your hard drive.
Usage Tracking. ORLEANSJEWELS.COM tracks user traffic patterns throughout our site. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue building a better site for you.
Cookies. We will place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer when placing an order. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. In order for you to purchase items on this site, it is necessary for your browser to accept our cookie, which in this case is a harmless reference number that corresponds to your order. The number is meaningless, and it contains absolutely no information about you, your internet activities, email, or anything else. The number has meaning only to the shopping cart system, and only while you are shopping on this site. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. ORLEANSJEWELS.COM uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to place an order.
c) Third party companies.
ORLEANSJEWELS.COM does use third party companies to store data and help us provide our products and services to you. These companies do not have direct access to your data and are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner.
2. How does ORLEANSJEWELS.COM use email?
ORLEANSJEWELS.COM does not share your email address with third parties for any commercial purpose. We send one email message to confirm each order you make, and we occasionally send you follow-up messages containing information specifically related to your order (such as shipping delays). Through our checkout procedure, ORLEANSJEWELS.COM gives you the option to receive email notification on new features, specials and services. You may opt out of receiving these promotional emails at any time.
You may contact our customer service by email at WEBMASTER@ORLEANSJEWELS.COM. We encourage your communications since we use your input to improve our site, products and services. Our customer service representatives review and respond to every email that we receive.
3. How does ORLEANSJEWELS.COM protect its customer's information?
ORLEANSJEWELS.COM is committed to online data security. Although total security does not exist on the Internet, ORLEANSJEWELS.COM takes all reasonable steps to assure secure transmission and storage of your information. We protect transmission of information between your PC and our servers by utilizing industry standard efforts, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers provided by Godaddy.com. We store information relating to our customers on a high security server behind a firewall that is safeguarded from Internet access.
While we use Secure Socket Layer encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also have procedures to protect your information offline. All of your information is restricted to our offices. Only employees who need to use your information to perform a specific job (for example, billing clerks or customer service representatives) are authorized to access personally identifiable information.
As we continue to develop our business, we could buy or sell assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that ORLEANSJEWELS.COM or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. We will notify our customers if any of these situations occur.
4. Does ORLEANSJEWELS.COM protect email addresses?
When you submit your email to ORLEANSJEWELS.COM, we protect it with the same high-security methods that we protect all personal information.
5. What if I don't want to send personal information over the Internet? If you prefer to look for products on ORLEANSJEWELS.COM and order by phone, call us at 800-433-6849. Any information you give ORLEANSJEWELS.COM, by telephone or the Internet, is stored on a secure server. If you have any questions regarding ORLEANSJEWELS.COM's Privacy Policy, you can email us at webmaster@orleansjewels.com. Please be sure to include your email address so we can respond to your questions. In you prefer, call 800-433-6849 and a Customer Service Representative will take your call. Or, you can write to: DeGrado, Inc., Customer Service, PO Box 389, Benton, MS, 39039.
ORLEANSJEWELS.COM reserves the right to modify, change or replace this policy at its discretion. Our website, ORLEANSJEWELS.COM, is owned and operated by DeGrado, Inc.
Updated: October 1, 2004
×