https://www.b-naturals.com/index.php?main_page=conditions#privacy
Log In
Shop By Product Type
Shop By Pet's Condition
Testimonials
Newsletters + Recipes
Contact Us Toll-Free:1-866-368-2728
My Account
HEADER_ADVANCED_SEARCH
Your cart is empty
Checkout
Berte's Products
Berte's Daily Blend Vitamins
Berte's Fish Oils
Berte's Immune Blend
Berte's Special Needs Packs
Berte's Sea Vegetation
Berte's Beneficial Bacteria
Books
By Condition
By Type
New Products ...
Featured Products ...
Your cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Categories
Berte's Products
Berte's Daily Blend Vitamins
Berte's Fish Oils
Berte's Immune Blend
Berte's Special Needs Packs
Berte's Sea Vegetation
Berte's Beneficial Bacteria
Books
By Condition
Arthritis &
Joint Problems
Cancer
Heart and Lung
Kidney & Bladder
Liver
Reproductive System
Senior Care
Stress & Anxiety
Yeast and Fungal Problems
By Type
Digestion Aids
Fish Oil & Essential Fatty Acids
Green Foods & Kelp
Herbs & Herbal Formulas
Immune Support
Vitamins & Vitamin Blends
Cat Care
Skin Care & Grooming
Secure
For those who have found good information on this site, or received nutritional guidance and help from Lew via email or phone, we ask that you consider giving a donation to our favorite nonprofit group, The Rottweiler Rescue Foundation. All money will go directly to grants to help rescue Rottweilers. Thank you!
Donate to Rottweiler Rescue
Order your copy today!
Raw and Natural Nutrition for Dogs, Revised: The Definitive Guide to Homemade meals! by Lew Olson. The newly revised edition is filled with an abundance of new topics and information. Whether you are new to home feeding or a seasoned raw feeder, have a senior dog or a new puppy, a pregnant mom or a toy breed, this book presents all the information you need to make the best nutritional decisions for your dog.Buy Here
Reviews -   [more]
I have been using Green Blend and it has helped eliminate...
Home >
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Our Policies, Terms & Conditions
Our GuaranteeEvery
product we sell has been carefully handpicked and tested. We stand
behind everything we sell. If you feel a purchase has not lived up to
your expectations or you are unhappy with it for any reason, feel free
to return it within 30 days for a prompt refund, replacement or
exchange. No questions asked! The only exceptions to this policy are
herbal products and special order items. Special order items are
exchangeable but not refundable.
Shipping & ReturnsHow to Return an ItemPlease
include your invoice in the package you are returning. If you no longer
have the invoice, include a slip with your name on it and let us know
if you would like to be credited for the returned item, or if you would
prefer an exchange. Send the package securely wrapped, insured and
postage paid to: Returns DepartmentB-NaturalsBox 56Buffalo, MN
55313
Website SecuritySecurity Measures
Ordering from B-Naturals.com is secure.
This website is secured with an SSL certificate.
When you shop on B-NATURALS.COM we promise that:
All transactions are encrypted
Your financial data is deleted as soon as your transaction goes through
Thank you for being a B-NATURALS.COM customer!
ShippingWe
ship all in-stock items within two working days of receiving your order
and usually within 24 hours. All orders deliverable to a Post Office
Box address will be shipped by Priority Mail from the U.S. Postal
Service. Orders are generall shipped via ground service unless the
customer specifies faster service such as two-day or three-day
delivery. If you would like International Delivery, please call
Customer Service for assistance and rates. Occasionally an item may be
back-ordered which will cause a delay. In such cases, you will be
notified by email or phone.
Privacy PolicyWe
do not share our customer lists with other businesses. If you have
chosen to give us your email address, we will occasionally send you
email whenever something happens that might be of interest to you, such
as monthly newsletters, special promotions, sale items, seminars and
site enhancements produced by B-Naturals.
Back
We acceptContact InformationSite InformationDeliveries & ReturnsSocial Media
BOX 56, Buffalo, MN 55313
USA: 1-866-368-2728
Outside the USA: 011-866-368-2728
servicedirect@b-naturals.comShop By Pet's ConditionShop By Product TypeNewslettersTestimonialsSECURITY MEASURESImage Credits
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
My Account
Facebook page
Our blog and news
Desktop Version
Copyright © 2020 B-Naturals.com.