https://www.urbandecay.com/customer-service-privacy-and-security.html
Home
Customer Service
Privacy & Security
Customer Service
Customer Service
Order Status
Shipping and Returns
Payments
Returns Policy
FAQs
Privacy & Security
Contact Us
Commitments
UPDATE: What we are doing to keep our Community Safe & Healthy
UD Pro Approved Schools
Privacy & Security
L’OREAL USA USER CONTENT PERMISSION (AND GDPR CONSENT)
UPDATED: JANUARY 1, 2020
CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS: If you are a California resident and wish to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Protection Act, click here.
URBAN DECAY'S COMMITMENT TO OUR CONSUMERS
Urban Decay is committed to building a lasting and meaningful relationship with you, our consumer, and we recognize that this relationship must be built on mutual trust. Urban Decay is a member of the L’Oreal USA family of brands and this privacy policy sets forth how we collect, use and safeguard information you entrust with us. L’Oreal collects data to provide you the best products, beauty experiences and personalization from our brands.
Everything we do, and the data we collect, is in pursuit of giving you a better beauty experience.
· We collect and use data to shape your beauty experience with personalized products, services and offers.
· We respect your privacy and choices. You can opt-out at any time.
· We do not sell your data
· We require partners to abide by the law and protect your information
· We will continue to evolve and update our privacy and security practices because retaining your trust is important to us.
Our detailed privacy policy below describes the types of information we collect from you directly, from your interactions with us (our Sites and advertising), how we use it, how we protect and keep it secure, and your rights as our consumer. This policy is for consumers and visitors of our Sites in the United States only. Visitors from other countries should visit the L’Oréal/brand site for your part of the world. There is also a separate policy located on the L’Oreal Careers web site for job applications. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us here.
This privacy policy does not cover information that you submit on third party websites, apps, social platforms ("Platforms") even if we communicate with you on those sites. For example, if you post something on Facebook, Twitter or You Tube, that information is governed by the privacy policies on those Platforms
BELOW IS OUR ABBREVIATED PRIVACY POLICY. CLICK ON “READ MORE” TO LINK TO THE FULL PRIVACY POLICY AND PLEASE CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS.
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION:
L’Oreal Collects Information That You Provide To Us, From Your Engagement With Our Brand Sites And Platforms, Advertising, Media, And From Third Parties Who Have Your Consent To Share It. Read More
WHY WE USE DATA:
Everything We Do, And The Data We Collect, Is In Pursuit Of Bringing Beauty Experiences To Your Life
We Use Data Within The L’Oreal USA Family Of Brands To Communicate With You About Our Beauty Products, Services, Answer Questions And Create Better Experiences. We Use Data For Tailored Advertising And Communications.
We May Combine Information That We Collect Via One Method (E.G., From A Website, Our Digital Advertising) With Another Method (E.G., An Offline Event). We Do This To Get A More Complete View Of Your Preferences For Our Beauty Products And Services, Which, In Turn, Allows Us To Serve You Better And With More Customization And Better Beauty Products. Read More
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION:
We Share Information With The Third Parties (Vendors, Agencies And Businesses) That Help Us Run Our Sites, Our Business, And Retail Our Products To Further L'Oréal's Beauty Mission. We Do Not Sell Your Data Or Permit Re-Use Of Personal Information For Independent Use Without Your Consent. We Share Information To The Extent We Need To Prevent Fraud, When Required By Law Or Authorities And In The Event Of A Sale Of Our Company. Read More
YOUR CHOICES:
You Can Unsubscribe From Our Sites At Any Time. You Can Also Opt-Out Of Interest Based Advertising As Well As SMS Messaging, Push Notifications. Read More
DETAILED PRIVACY POLICY
How We Collect Information (USA)
L’Oreal collects information that you provide to us, information from your engagement with our Sites, advertising and media, and information from third parties who have gained your consent to share it. We may combine information that we collect via one method (e.g., from a website, digital advertising engagement) with another method (e.g., an offline event). We do this to get a more complete view of preferences for our beauty products and services, which, in turn, allows us to serve you better and with more customization and better beauty products.
Here are some examples of the type of information we collect and how we may use it:
Categories of Personal Information
Examples
Identifiers
· Name
· Address
· Mobile number
· Online identifiers
· Internet Protocol address
· E-mail address
· Social handle or moniker
Legally Protected Characteristics
· Gender
Purchasing Information
· Products or services purchased, obtained, or considered
· Other purchasing or consuming histories
· Loyalty activity and redemption
Internet or Network Activity
· Browsing history
· Search history
· User generated activity, including reviews, postings, photos shared, comments
· Interaction with our brands and sites, advertisements, apps
Inferences drawn from any of these personal information categories
· Beauty and related preferences
· Characteristics
· Behaviors on and off site
· Purchase patterns
· Demographic
· Household
SOURCES OF DATA
Personal Information You Provide: When you create an account on a L’Oreal site, make purchases with us (online or in-store), join a loyalty program, enter a contest, share photograph, video or product reviews, call our Consumer Care Center, sign up to receive offers or email, we collect the information that you provide to us. This information includes Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, social media handle, email, telephone number, home address, and payment information (such as account or credit card number). If you use a chat feature on our Sites, we collect the information your share during the interaction. We also collect information about your beauty preference, your use of our Sites, demographic, and interests so that we can customize beauty your experiences.
If you use one of our virtual try on features, we may collect and store your image(s), for example, if you use social sharing to send your image to a friend or post it online or if you save it to your profile. You may also be able to register and log in to our Sites or chat features using your social media account, such as Facebook or Google. These platforms may ask your permission to share certain information with us (e.g. name, gender, profile picture) and all information is shared subject to their privacy policies. You can control the information that we receive by changing your privacy settings offered by the relevant social media platform.
Information We Automatically Collect
We collect some data automatically when you use our Sites. We may obtain information by automated means such as through cookies, pixels, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies described below. These technologies help us
Cookies and Other Technologies: Our Sites, applications, email messages, and advertisements may use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies are used help us to (1) remember your information so you do not have to re-enter it, (2) track and understand how you use and interact with our Sites, (3) tailor the Sites and our advertising around your preferences, (4) manage and measure the usability of the Sites, (5) understand the effectiveness of our content, (6) otherwise enhance the Sites and our beauty offerings, and (7) protect the security and integrity of our Sites. We use Google Analytics cookies to monitor performance of our sites. You can learn more about how Google Analytics processes information here: Google Analytics Terms of Use and Google Privacy Policy.
Device Identifiers: We and our third party service providers automatically may collect an IP address or other unique identifier information ("Device Identifier") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, "Device") you use to access the Sites or on third party websites that publish our advertising. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. For mobile devices, a Device Identifier is a unique string of numbers and letters stored on your mobile device that identifies it. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, administer the Sites, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page movements, help identify you and your shopping cart, deliver advertising and gather broad demographic information.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically reject any cookies. However, please be aware that some features and services on our Sites may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account. In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Mobile Services/Apps: Certain of our mobile apps offer opt–in, geo–location services and push notifications. Geo-location services provide location–based content and services, such as store locators, local weather, promotional offers and other personalized content. Push notifications can include discounts, reminders or details about local events or promotions. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services or push notifications. If you consent to location services, we will collect information about the Wi–fi routers closest to you and the cell IDs of the towers closest to you to provide location–based content and services.
In-Store Analytics: We may use certain in-store wireless services (such as Wi-Fi networks and Bluetooth beacons) to automatically collect non-identifying information about visitors to our stores. Our Wi-Fi routers capture certain data from mobile devices that interact with the router, including information about your mobile device (such as a MAC Address and signal strength data). Bluetooth beacons are small devices that broadcast a Bluetooth signal to map nearby Bluetooth-enabled mobile devices. We may use the data collected from these in-stores wireless services to provide operational insights such as foot traffic volumes and how customers move through our stores.
Pixels: In some of our email messages, we use click through URLs that will bring you to content on our sites. We also use pixel tags to understand whether our emails are read or opened. We use learning from this information to improve our messages, reduce frequency of messages to you or determine interest in content we share.
Information From Third Parties: We receive information from third party partners, such as publishers that run our advertising, and retailers who feature our products. This information includes marketing and demographic data, analytics information, and offline records. We may also receive information from other companies that collect or aggregate information from publicly available databases or if you consented to allow them to use and share your information. This might be de-identified information about purchasing patterns, location of shoppers and sites that are of interest to our consumers. We also collect information about users who share common interests or attributes (e.g. color treated hair) to create user “segments,” which help us to better understand and market to our customers. We may use your data as part of health-related segments about non-sensitive conditions such as dry skin.
Social Platforms. You also can engage with our brands, content, applications, and other promotional or events via social media services or other third party platforms, such as Facebook (including Instagram), or other third-party social media plug-ins. When you engage with our content on or through social media or other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications, you may provide us with access to certain Information in your profile. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account or your posts or "likes." For a description on how social media services and other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings and/or delete your history.
When we interact with you through our content on third party websites, applications, integrations or platforms, we may obtain any information regarding your interaction with that content, such as content you have viewed and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on.
Why We Collect Information?
Everything we do, and the data we collect, is in pursuit of bringing beauty to your life. We use information for beauty to provide better products, services, customization and offers from L’Oreal USA brands. For example, we use information to:
· Provide tailored content, services, advertisements and offers
· Respond to questions and providing news, emails/communication from us
· Administer and manage your account or loyalty program membership
· Verify your identity and preventing fraud
· Fulfill product purchases
· Contact you, send notice of changes to a L’Oréal USA policy
· Improve effectiveness of our Sites, stores, customer service, and product offerings
· Conduct research and analytics
· Allowing log in, sharing and use of our content with a social media account
· Provide shipping and other rewards from your selected third party providers (such as ShopRunner)
· Post your content and consumer reviews on the Sites, our social media pages and related third party sites that retail or feature our brands and products
· Enforce our terms of use and complying with applicable laws
How We Share Information:
We will not sell your Personal Information to third parties:
Third Parties Providing Services On Our Behalf: We share information with third party service providers that host or assist with technical operation of our Sites, provide analytics, process orders, transactions and payments, provide customer service, loyalty program administration, redemption; or other third parties that participate in or administer our promotions, contests, sweepstakes, surveys or provide marketing or promotional assistance. We may also share non-identifying information, such as aggregate statistics or usage information, with third parties.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared: In connection with advertising or our Sites, you may be asked to opt–in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else, or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter. If you agree to have your Personal Information shared with a third party, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third party and will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Business Transfers: We may share information with other entities and affiliates of the L’Oréal Group, our parent company the L’Oreal Group. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or our assets, or assets related to the Sites, Personal Information, Usage Information, and any other information that we have collected may be disclosed to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
Legal Disclosure: L’Oreal USA may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier, (including IP address), to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Sites or the public.
Your Privacy Rights, Your Choices: You may change your preferences and unsubscribe from email services from our brands by: (i) modifying your registered user information on the Sites; (ii) sending us an e–mail by clicking here; or (iii) following the unsubscribe instructions in the communication that you receive.
You may at any time opt out from push notifications and allowing L’Oreal USA to access location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device. You can stop all further collection of information by our mobile applications by uninstalling the mobile application. Please note that if you uninstall the mobile application from your mobile device, the unique identifier associated with your mobile device will continue to be stored. If you re-install the application on the same mobile device, we will be able to re-associate this identifier to your previous transactions and activities.
In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain Personal Information you have submitted through the Sites. We are under no obligation to store such Personal Information indefinitely and disclaim any liability arising out of, or related to, the destruction of such Personal Information. In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your Personal Information to provide you services, contact us here. We do not control certain privacy settings and preferences maintained by our social media partners like Facebook and Twitter. If you wish to make changes to those settings and preferences, you may do so by visiting the settings page of the appropriate social media site.
INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING AND ADCHOICES: We use third party companies to serve advertisements, measure the performance and engagement with our ads, provide analytic, preference, and interest information. In some instances, these ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors, and/or analytics service providers may use their own tracking technology to capture information about your device, use and engagement online.
You can opt out of receiving targeted advertising through the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt–Out Page . Options are Device-specific, so if you use multiple Devices, you should opt out on each one. You can also opt out of certain targeted advertising programs by clicking on the AdChoices icon that appears on our Site footers and may appear on our advertising. Even if you opt-out of targeted advertising, you may still see our advertisements while you are browsing, but they may not be targeted to you based on your interests.
Some social networks (i.e. Facebook), allow you to exercise ad choices, limit data collection and clear your history on that platform as well. . For your convenience we have provided the links to some of the social networks:
Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=education_page
Instagram - https://www.facebook.com/ads/preferences/?entry_product=education_page
Twitter - https://help.twitter.com/en/safety-and-security/privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads
Google - https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated
TEXT/SMS MESSAGE CONSENT AND OPT-OUT: If you choose, you can provide your mobile phone number to receive text message alerts from our stores or sites to receive product and/or event information, tips or promotions. You agree that by providing your mobile phone number you expressly consent to receive automated marketing text messages from us to the mobile phone number provided. Consent is not required to purchase goods or services. Message and data rates will apply and you should check the rates of your mobile carrier. You can opt out from further text marketing communications by texting STOP to the SMS number used by L’Oréal USA to contact you.
We may share your mobile phone number with service providers with whom we contract to assist us with the above activities, but we will not share your mobile phone number with third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent. Text Messages are distributed via third party mobile network providers and, therefore, we cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery. Depending on the recipient's mobile carrier, it may not be possible to transmit the text message to the recipient successfully; nor is content available on all carriers. We do not claim or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures.
YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS: The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes your rights and how you can submit your request to us. We do not sell personal information.
Access to Information
You have the right to request that we disclose information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, including:
· Categories of personal information we collected
· Categories of sources for the personal information we collected
· Our business purpose for collecting personal information
· The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
· The specific personal information we collected about you
Deletion
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny a deletion request where retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers. For example, data may need to be kept to:
1. Complete a sales transaction for which we collected the personal information (such as the sale of our beauty products to you)
2. Track consumer complaints or product issues
3. Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity
4. Comply with a legal obligation
5. Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us
Submitting a Request
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
The verifiable consumer request must:
· Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative of a California resident who wishes to make a request.
We may not be able to respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will ask you for the email information that you used to interact with us or sign up for a loyalty, email or to make purchases to help verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that your information is in our system. Information provided to submit a request will only be used for request purposes.
Timing
We will endeavor to respond to a verified consumer request within 45 days. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension in writing. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to a verified consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will provide explanation and a cost estimate prior to completing the request. You may only make a request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. To submit your request, click here.
Under California law, website and online service operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser “do not track” signals. L’Oreal USA does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals as a uniform standard for such response has not yet been established.
California law requires website and online service operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator’s website or service. Third parties that have content or services on our Sites such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include personal information. We do not knowingly permit such third parties to collect any Personal Information from our Sites unless you directly provide it to us and we provide it to them with your consent.
If you are a minor under 18 and have a profile on a L’Oréal USA Site, you may ask us to remove reviews or other content that you posted on the site by writing to us urbandecay@ccc.lorealusa.com and providing as much detail as possible (i.e. date and caption) as to the post(s) you want removed. We will begin to process your request within 30 days. Please note that processing your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content that you posted.
CHILDREN:: L’Oreal USA’s sites are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her Personal Information without the parent/guardian's consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us through this help page.
Parental Consent Minors between 13 years of age and the age of majority in their state must ask their parent or guardian for permission to use any L’Oréal USA properties. For L’Oréal USA brands offering e-commerce, you may only make purchases if you are 18 years of age or older, or the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence.
Parental participation. We strongly recommend that minors 13 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe internet use practices.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION: L’Oréal USA maintains reasonable safeguards to protect Personal Information against loss, unauthorized use, disclosure or destruction and when transferring information for processing and requires third parties providing services on our behalf to do the same. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.
OTHER SITES: The Sites may contain links to third party sites that are not owned or operated by L’Oreal USA. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and/or partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co–branding or co–marketing agreement. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies or other tracking technologies to your device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our Sites (including those linked to through an email or social networking page). The Sites may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. Remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information and is not subject to the provisions of this Privacy and Cookie Notice.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING OF INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES AND OTHER JURISDICTIONS: The Sites are governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of, the United States, and are intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States. Country or region specific web sites are available for L’Oréal brands and products around the world. L’Oreal makes no representation that the Sites are governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. Given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Sites, or providing us with any information, you (a) acknowledge that the Sites are subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
CHANGES AND POLICY UPDATES: Please note, we may change information on the Sites and/or this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective immediately upon the publication of revisions.
CONTACT US. If you have any questions about Privacy, please contact us at:
Urban Decay Customer Care
833 West 16 Street
Newport Beach, CA 92663
Re: UrbanDecay.com Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice
Telephone: 1-866-442-7531
Or send us an e–mail with your request here.
UPDATED: January 1, 2020
FREE SHIPPING WITH $25
Loyalty program
Loyalty Rewards
Back to top
For the best experience, please turn your device