http://www.simplestrip.com/privacy-policy
Login
Register now
Home
How it Works
Savings
Products
About Us
Contact Us
Shopping Cart:
Item(s) $0
You currently have no items in your cart
view
Contractors
Request a brochure
Complete this simple form to receive our brochure in the post
request form >
Testimonials
Watch customer videos!
click here  >
Stay in Touch!
Find us on Facebook
Facebook >
Frequently
asked questions
More info  >
How does it work?
Watch our video to see how it works!
click here  >
Privacy Policy
Share:
Your privacy is of the highest importance to us, and we promise never to release your personal details to any outside company for mailing or marketing purposes.
When you make a purchase from our website, we collect certain personal information from you (for example: your name, email address, payment address and details). All such information is held on secure servers. Wallwik complies fully with all applicable Data Protection and consumer legislation, and will treat all your personal information as fully confidential.
In order to serve you most efficiently, reputable third-party banking (including PayPal) and distribution institutions handle our credit card transactions and order fulfilment. They receive the information needed to verify and authorise your payment card and to process your order. All such organisations are under strict obligation to keep your personal information private.
Cookies
Cookies are tiny text files stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages. simplestrip.com uses cookies to keep track of what you have in your basket and to remember you when you return to our site. To shop at simplestrip.com you need to have all cookies enabled, though you can still use the website for browsing and research purposes without them.
© 2020 Wallwik
Home
How it Works
Savings
Products
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Support
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Returns Policy
Shipping Policy
Satisfaction Guarantee
Useful wallpaper links