http://www.pennineoutdoor.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.pennineoutdoor.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.pennineoutdoor.co.uk
Pennine Outdoor Fabrics Ltd
Central buildings, Main Street
High Bentham, North Yorkshire
LA2 7HE
United Kingdom
sales@pennineoutdoor.co.uk
015242 63377
Information
About Pennine Outdoor
Delivery Information
Terms & Conditions
Refunds Policy
Privacy Policy
Extras
Brands
Specials
Blogs
My Account
Account Login
Order History
Newsletter
Customer Service
Contact Us
Sitemap
015242 63377
Central buildings, Main Street, High Bentham North Yorkshire, Lancaster LA2 7HE
Copyright © 2016 Pennine Outdoor
015242 63377
Central buildings, Main Street, High Bentham North Yorkshire, Lancaster LA2 7HE
Copyright © 2016 pennine Outdoor
01524 263377
Central buildings, Main Street, High Bentham North Yorkshire, Lancaster LA2 7HE
Clook
Copyright © 2016 pennine Outdoor