https://www.coconutgreetings.com/legal_note.html
Connect with the artists that paint coconuts on social media
Call 9-4 EST Mon-Thur and 9-12 Fri | 888-441-5828 | 1-440-346-2140 | sales@paradise-multimedia.com
Paradise Multimedia's Coconut Greetings
Painted Whole Coconut $29 | Hollow or Cup $19 | Half Shell $18 | Discounts on orders of 25+ | More info on sizes
Legal notes
Home
Order
Order Painted Coconut Products
See Design Ideas
Order Unpainted Coconut Products
Order Decal Service Products
Order Samples
How do I order?
FAQ
Design Ideas
Corporate and Business
Bridal and Wedding
Incentives and Awards
Large-scale Projects
Invitations
All occasion
Birthday
Anniversary
Retirement
Sports Fanatics
Holidays
On Sale
Fine Art
Sizes & Prices
Volume Pricing
Get a Quote
Affiliates
Wholesale
Decals
About
Contact
Shipping
Our Story
Press
FAQ
View Cart
Coconut Greetings Privacy Policy and Legal Notes
Coconut Greetings.com is owned and operated by Paradise Multimedia.
This is the name you will see on your credit card statement. Please make
money orders payable to Paradise Multimedia.
Purchaser Agreement
Please review your order receipt sent via email. We cannot be responsible for
errors in coconut messaging or address information.
Products Guarantee
If at any time you have problems with an order, simply contact Customer
Service. Our phone number is 888-441-5828. Or, feel free to send us an
email 24 hours a day 7 days a week, to sales@coconutgreetings.com.
Please make sure to include as much order information as possible, to
help us expedite your request. Please note that we normally ship USPS,
which does not guarantee delivery times. We do not issue credits for
late deliveries. Large orders may ship via UPS Ground at our sole discretion.
We can issue refunds for shipping when
1. Packages are damaged in transit [customer must retain packaging for postal inspection]
2. Typos / mistakes made by CoconutGreetings.com.
In all other cases, shipping costs are non-refundable. Refunds will be processed upon receipt of product[s]. Customer will pay for shipping returned items.
Multiple orders to the same address will ship together in the same container. If you require individual boxes, please send us an email. USPS boxes are free, but shipping charges will apply.
Our products are natural items. For that reason there are variations in the size, shape and smoothness of the skins, as depicted in the photos on our site.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices
you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to
receive notices and materials. The types of personal information collected
at these pages are: name, address, Email address, phone number, Credit/Debit
Card Information On some pages you can submit information about other
people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly
to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In
this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: name,
address, phone number.
How We Use Information
The email addresses that we collect are used by us to contact consumers
for fulfillment purposes and are not shared with other organizations
for commercial purposes. We use the information you provide about gift
recipients when placing an order only to ship the product, to confirm
delivery and for our own marketing purposes. We do not share this information
with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that
order. We offer gift greeting messages by which you can personalize a
product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to
create a greeting is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed
to the person receiving the gift.
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our site utilizes a secure socket layer (SSL) encryption during registration,
and ordering processes, as well as during hard disk storage.
Use of Web Site Information
Except as otherwise indicated on this site, you may view, print, copy,
and distribute documents on this site subject to the following terms
and conditions:
The document may be used solely for informational, personal, noncommercial
purposes;
Any copy of the document or portion thereof must include all copyright
and proprietary notices in the same form and manner as on the original;
The document may not be modified in any way; and
Paradise Multimedia reserves the right to revoke such authorization
at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon
notice from Paradise Multimedia.
Documents specified above do not include the layout or design of this
web site. Elements of this site are protected by trade dress or other
laws and may not be imitated or reproduced in whole or in part. Documents
specified above do not include logos, graphics, sounds or images on this
web site, which may be reproduced or distributed only when expressly
permitted by Paradise Multimedia.
Copyright
The information on this web site is protected by copyright. Except
as specifically permitted, no portion of this web site may be distributed
or reproduced by any means, or in any form, without the Paradise Multimedia
prior written permission. COPYRIGHT NOTICE: © 1996 - 2016 Paradise
Multimedia Inc.,
Kirtland, Ohio 44094 USA. All
rights reserved.
Linking to the Paradise Multimedia Web Site
Paradise Multimedia permits anyone to link to the Paradise Multimedia
web site subject to the linker's compliance with the following terms
and conditions: A site that links to the Paradise Multimedia web site:
May link to, but not replicate, content contained in the Paradise
Multimedia site;
Must not create a border environment or browser around content contained
in the Paradise Multimedia site;
Must not present misleading or false information about the Paradise
Multimedia services or products;
Must not misrepresent the Paradise Multimedia relationship with
the linker;
Must not imply that Paradise Multimedia is endorsing or sponsoring
the linker or the linker's services or products;
Must not use the Paradise Multimedia logos or trade dress without
prior written permission from Paradise Multimedia;
Must not contain content that could be construed as obscene, libelous,
defamatory, pornographic, or inappropriate for all ages;
Must not contain materials that would violate any laws;
Must agree that the link may be removed at any time upon the Paradise
Multimedia request pursuant to the Paradise Multimedia reserved rights
to rescind its consent to allow the link.
Paradise Multimedia site provides links to third-party web sites, which
are not under the control of Paradise Multimedia. Paradise Multimedia
makes no representations about third-party web sites. When you access
a non-Paradise Multimedia web site, you do so at your own risk. Paradise
Multimedia is not responsible for the reliability of any data, opinions,
advice, or statements made on third-party sites. Paradise Multimedia
provides these links merely as a convenience. The inclusion of such links
does not imply that Paradise Multimedia endorses, recommends, or accepts
any responsibility for the content of such sites. Third-Party Products
and Services The Paradise Multimedia web site contains mention of third-party
products and services for informational purposes. Paradise Multimedia
makes no recommendations or endorsements about third-party products and
services. References to third-party services and products are provided
by Paradise Multimedia "as is", without warranty of any kind, either
express or implied.
Looking forward to working with you
Call 9-4 EST Monday-Thursday and 9-12 Friday  888-441-5828 | 1-440-346-2140 | sales@paradise-multimedia.com
Wholesale and Affiliate Info |
Order Gift Cards | Shipping | Press | Contact | Returns/Privacy Policy
No one throws away a coconut! As seen on HGTV's "I Want That!"
Order Fresh Flower Leis
Advertisement
Order Hawaiian LeisAnother unique and tropical
tradition. Get one today.
Hawaiian Food shipped fresh from Hawaii to your doorstep
Advertisement
OrderHawaiianFood.com
ships fresh
Hawaiian food
and luau party foods
to your doorstep!
Since 1996, making someone's day a whole lot better,
one coconut at a time.
Painted in the USA.
© 1996-2021 CoconutGreetings.com by Paradise
Multimedia Inc.
All rights reserved