http://www.allparts.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
About Us
Blogs & News
Jobs at Allparts
USD
INR
GBP
CAD
AUD
EUR
JPY
Chevron down icon
About Us
Blogs & News
Jobs at Allparts
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
We collect information on the behavior of spammers and malicious web bots (not human visitors) that happen to pass through our web pages
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To quickly process your transactions.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted and transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Allparts Music Corporation. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information like metadata and statistics may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third Party Links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
General Data Protection Regulation
Allparts is committed to full compliance with the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), effective 2018, May 25. The policy statements below detail our efforts to protect our users' personal information accordingly. This policy is as an addendum to our existing privacy policy and it pertains to residents of the European Union only.
We do not run advertisements on Allparts.com, so user information is never shared with third parties for this purpose. In all cases, we limit the sharing of users' personal information internally on a need-to-know basis for the purpose of filling customer orders. Some information like a customer's name and addressed are shared with shipping companies for the purpose of delivering orders, as described in our Privacy Policy.
User Consent and Opting-out
Allparts has no way to collect a user's personal information unless that user provides it to us. Users must create an Allparts.com account to order through our website. Users that create an Allparts.com customer account are opting in / giving consent to Allparts to collect and retain that information. The information collected through account creation can be viewed on the account creation page.
Allparts.com accounts are deleted after three years of inactivity. Users can have their account deleted at any time by visiting our contact page or calling us at +1-713-466-6414.
Determination of Residency
We use the address information supplied to us by users to determine if they reside in the European Union. If a user believes that their address information is insufficient for us to make a determination of residency, the user should visit our contact page or call us at +1-713-466-6414 to clarify.
Pseudonymization
All data submitted through Allparts.com is encrypted using the SHA-256 cryptographic hash algorithm; only the Allparts.com website has the ability to decrypt these data, at which point the data are automatically used to create users' Allparts.com accounts and orders. In the very rare event that users' data were collected while in transit to the Allparts.com website, that data would be encrypted, unrecognizable, and unusable to the intercepting party.
Your Right to Access Data Collected on You
Allparts will provide any user residing in the European Union with a complete record of that user's collected data upon request. Visiting our contact page or call us at +1-713-466-6414 to make this request.
Notification of Data Breach
In the event of a data breach, Allparts will notify all affected users residing in the European Union by the email they provided to us within 72 hours.
User Right to Erasure / Right to be Forgotten
At a user's request, Allparts will permanently delete all data on that user. Visit our contact page or call us at +1-713-466-6414 to make this request.
Data Portability
At a user's request, Allparts will provide a way for that user to move their data from Allparts to another party. Visit our contact page or call us at +1-713-466-6414 to make this request.
Changes to our Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. Our privacy policy was last updated on January 10, 2019.
Questions and Feedback
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to the privacy policy detailed above and accept our terms of use.
Close icon
Checkmark icon
Added to your cart:
Cart subtotal
Close icon
Close icon
Chevron down icon
Chevron down icon