https://www.greatbeanbags.com/terms-and-conditions
Toggle Nav
Free Shipping & delivered next working day!
Our Bean Bags
info@greatbeanbags.com
0800 288 9063
Contact Us
Menu
Our Bean BagsBean Bag Chairs
Bean Bag Chairs
Retro Bean Bags
Wedgie Bean Bags
Cube Bean Bags
Stool Bean Bags
Deck Chair Bean Bags
Bean Bag Armchairs
layZ Bean Bags
Tri-Gamer Bean Bags
Hi-Back Gamer Bean Bags
Bean Bag Sofas
Sofabed Bean Bags
Bean Bag Lounger
Square Bean Bags
Bean Bag Recliners
Monster Bean Bags
Bean Bag Couch
Bean Bag Settee
Ingot Bean Bags
Bean Bag Cushions
Oxford Cushion Bean Bags
Slab Bean Bags
Round Cushion Bean Bags
Square Cushion Bean Bags
Shop By
Fabric
Faux Leather Bean Bags
Cotton Bean Bags
Corduroy Bean Bags
Faux Suede Bean Bags
Luxury Chenille Bean Bags
Faux Fur Bean Bags
Real Leather Bean Bags
Outdoor Bean Bags
Patterned Bean Bags
Velvet Bean Bags
Size
Small Bean Bags
Regular Bean Bags
Big Bean Bags
Giant / Extra Large Bean Bags
Family
Adult Bean Bags
Kids' Bean Bags
Top Sellers
Bean Bag Sale
Giant Bean Bags
Gaming Bean Bags
Retro Bean Bags
Designer / Luxury Bean Bags
Garden Bean Bags
Floor Cushions
Corporate
Branded & Event Bean Bags
Trade Bean Bags
Institution
School Bean Bags
Medical Bean Bags
SEN/Sensory Bean Bags
Maternity Bean Bags
Accessories Bean Bag RefillsBean Bag CoversFur ThrowsGift CardsBean Bag NettingBean Bag CushionsBean Bag RefillsBean Bag CoversFur ThrowsGift CardsBean Bag NettingBean Bag CushionsPets Dog Bean BagsCat Bean BagsDog Bean BagsCat Bean BagsIndustry Branded & Event Bean BagsTrade Bean BagsSchool Bean BagsMedical Bean BagsBranded & Event Bean BagsTrade Bean BagsSchool Bean BagsMedical Bean BagsAccount Sign InRegisterMy AccountSign OutContact UsDelivery InformationReturns & ExchangesFabric SamplesSizing ChartSign InRegisterMy AccountSign OutContact UsDelivery InformationReturns & ExchangesFabric SamplesSizing Chart
My Basket
Account
Search
Search
Popular Searches
Foam bean ba
(257)
faux fur
(70)
Outdoor bean bags
(1)
outdoor
(3)
Search
Terms & Conditions
These Terms, together with any and all other documents referred to herein, set out the terms under which Goods are sold by Us to consumers through this website, and under which you may use this website, www.greatbeanbags.com ("Our Site"). Please read these Terms carefully and ensure that you understand them. If you do not agree to comply with and be bound by these Terms, you will not be able to use Our Site or order Goods through Our Site. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS.
Our Details
Access to and Use of Our Site
Goods, Pricing and Availability
Orders – How Contracts Are Formed
Payment
Delivery, Risk and Ownership
Faulty, Damaged or Incorrect Goods
Cancelling and Returning Goods if You Change Your Mind
Bespoke or Branded Goods
Events Outside of Our Control (Force Majeure)
Complaints and Feedback
How We Use Your Personal Information (Data Protection)
Intellectual Property Rights
Links to Our Site
Links to Other Sites
Viruses, Malware and Security
Website Accounts
Disclaimers
Other Important Terms
Law and Jurisdiction
Our Details
Company Name: Precision Stitching Ltd
Address: Terence House, Denman Street East, Nottingham, NG7 3GX
Registered Address (not for correspondence): 13-15 Regent Street, Nottingham, NG1 5BS
Company Reg. #: 3893755
VAT #: GB610448569
Telephone: 0115 9557373
Email: info@precisionstitching.com
Back to top
Access to and Use of Our Site
The Site is provided to you free of charge for your personal use subject to these Terms.
Access to Our Site is provided "as is" and on an "as available" basis. We may alter, suspend or discontinue Our Site (or any part of it) at any time and without notice. We will not be liable to you in any way if Our Site (or any part of it) is unavailable at any time and for any period.
By using the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms.
Back to top
Goods, Pricing and Availability
We make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all descriptions and graphical representations of Goods available from Us correspond to the actual Goods. Please note, however, the following:
Images of Goods are for illustrative purposes only. There may be slight variations in colour between the image of a product and the actual product sold due to differences in computer displays and lighting conditions;
Due to the nature of bean bags, all product dimensions provided are of the manufactured cover without filling. The dimensions once filled can vary based upon the amount of filling used and how the product is positioned.
Please note that the above does not exclude Our responsibility for mistakes due to negligence on Our part and refers only to minor variations of the correct Goods, not to different Goods altogether.
Where appropriate, you may be required to select the required size and colour of the Goods that you are purchasing.
We cannot guarantee that Goods will always be available. Up-to-date stock indications are not provided on Our Site, however we will contact you as soon as possible should you order Goods which are not available.
We make all reasonable efforts to ensure that all prices shown on Our Site are correct at the time of going online. We reserve the right to change prices and to add, alter, or remove special offers from time to time and as necessary.
All prices are checked by Us before We accept your Order. In the unlikely event that We have shown incorrect pricing information, We will contact you in writing to inform you of the mistake. If the correct price is lower than that shown when you made your Order, we will simply charge you the lower amount and continue processing your Order. If the correct price is higher, We will give you the option to purchase the Goods at the correct price or to cancel your Order (or the affected part of it). We will not proceed with processing your Order in this case until you respond. If We do not receive a response from you within 7 days, We will treat your Order as cancelled and notify you of this in writing.
All prices on Our Site include VAT.
Premium delivery charges are not included in the price of Goods displayed on Our Site. For more information on delivery charges, please refer to https://www.greatbeanbags.com/delivery-info. Delivery options and related charges will be presented to you as part of the order process.
Back to top
Orders – How Contracts Are Formed
Our Site will guide you through the ordering process. Before submitting your Order you will be given the opportunity to review your Order and amend it. Please ensure that you have checked your Order carefully before submitting it.
If, during the order process, you provide Us with incorrect or incomplete information, please contact Us as soon as possible. If We are unable to process your Order due to incorrect or incomplete information, We will contact you to ask to correct it. If you do not give us the accurate or complete information within a reasonable time of Our request, We will cancel your Order and treat the Contract as being at an end. If We incur any costs as a result of your incorrect or incomplete information, We may pass those costs on to you.
No part of Our Site constitutes a contractual offer capable of acceptance. Your Order constitutes a contractual offer that We may, at Our sole discretion, accept. Our acceptance is indicated by Us sending you an Order Confirmation by email. Only once We have sent you an Order Confirmation will there be a legally binding Contract between Us and you.
In the unlikely event that We do not accept or cannot fulfil your Order for any reason, We will explain why in writing. If We have taken payment any such sums will be refunded to you as soon as possible and in any event within 7 working days.
Any refunds due will be made using the same payment method that you used when ordering the Goods.
Back to top
Payment
Payment for Goods and related delivery charges must always be made in advance and you will be prompted to pay during the order process.
We accept the following methods of payment on Our Site:
Credit / Debit Cards - Visa and Mastercard
PayPal
Amazon Pay
PayPal Credit (Interest Free Credit)
Availability of the above payment methods is not guaranteed.
Back to top
Delivery, Risk and Ownership
All Goods purchased through Our Site will normally be delivered within 30 calendar days after the date of Our Order Confirmation unless otherwise agreed or specified during the Order process (subject to delays caused by events outside of Our control, for which see Events Outside of Our Control).
We can accept no responsibility in the event that Goods are left as instructed by you without your presence at the time of delivery.
For further information on our delivery options, please refer to https://www.greatbeanbags.com/delivery-info.
If We are unable to deliver the Goods on the delivery date, the following will apply:
If no one is available at your delivery address to receive the Goods and the Goods cannot be posted through your letterbox or left in a safe place nominated by you, Our delivery company will leave a delivery note (or contact you otherwise) explaining how to rearrange delivery or where to collect the Goods;
If you do not collect the Goods or rearrange delivery within 5 working days, We will contact you to ask you how you wish to proceed. If we cannot contact you or arrange redelivery or collection, We will treat the Contract as cancelled and recover the Goods. If this happens, you will be refunded the purchase price of the Goods themselves, but not the cost of delivery. We may also bill you for any reasonable additional cost that we incur in recovering the Goods.
In the unlikely event that We fail to deliver the Goods within 30 calendar days of Our Order Confirmation (or as otherwise agreed), if any of the following apply you may treat the Contract as being at an end immediately:
We have refused to deliver your Goods; or
In light of all relevant circumstances, delivery within that time period was essential; or
You told Us when ordering the Goods that delivery within that time period was essential.
If you do not wish to cancel under the above term or if none of the specified circumstances apply, you may specify a new (reasonable) delivery date. If We fail to meet the new deadline, you may then treat the Contract as being at an end.
You may cancel all or part of your Order provided that separating the Goods in your Order would not significantly reduce their value. Any sums that you have already paid for cancelled Goods and their delivery will be refunded to you within 7 working days. Please note that if any cancelled Goods are delivered to you, you must return them to Us or arrange with Us for their collection. In either case, We will bear the cost of returning the cancelled Goods.
Delivery shall be deemed complete and the responsibility for the Goods will pass to you once We have delivered the Goods to the address including, where relevant, any alternative address you have provided.
Ownership of the Goods passes to you once we have received payment in full of all sums due (including any applicable delivery charges).
Any refunds due will be made using the same payment method that you used when ordering the Goods.
Back to top
Faulty, Damaged or Incorrect Goods
By law, We must provide goods that are of satisfactory quality, fit for purpose, as described at the time of purchase, in accordance with any pre-contract information We have provided, and that match any samples or models that you have seen or examined (unless We have made you aware of any differences). If any Goods you have purchased do not comply and, for example, have faults or are damaged when you receive them, or if you receive incorrect (or incorrectly priced) Goods, please contact Us as soon as reasonably possible to inform Us of the fault, damage or error, and to arrange for a refund, repair or replacement. Your available remedies will be as follows:
Beginning on the day that you receive the Goods (and ownership of them) you have a 30 calendar day right to reject the Goods and to receive a full refund if they do not conform as stated above.
If you do not wish to reject the Goods, and are within the 30 calendar day rejection period, you may request a repair of the Goods or a replacement. We will bear any associated costs and will carry out the repair or replacement within a reasonable time and without significant inconvenience to you. In certain circumstances, where a repair or replacement is impossible or otherwise disproportionate, We may instead offer you the alternative (i.e. a replacement instead of a repair or vice versa) or a full refund. If you request a repair or replacement during the 30 calendar day rejection period, that period will be suspended while We carry out the repair or replacement and will resume on the day that you receive the replacement or repaired Goods. If less than 7 calendar days remain out of the original period, it will be extended to 7 calendar days.
If, after a repair or replacement, the Goods still do not conform (or if We cannot do so as previously described, or have failed to act within a reasonable time or without significant inconvenience to you), you may have the right either to keep the Goods at a reduced price, or to reject them in exchange for a refund.
All of our Goods, unless otherwise stated, come with a 12 month manfacturing warranty. Should the Goods fail due to a manufacturing fault during the first 12 months from the day that you receive the Goods (and ownership of them), we will offer a repair of the Goods or replacement. We will bear any associated costs and will carry out the repair or replacement within a reasonable time and without significant inconvenience to you.
Please note that you will not be eligible to claim under the above terms if We informed you of the fault(s), damage or other problems with the Goods before you purchased them (and it is because of the same issue that you now wish to return them); if you have purchased the Goods for an unsuitable purpose that is neither obvious nor made known to Us and the problem has resulted from your use of the Goods for that purpose; or if the problem is the result of normal wear and tear, misuse or intentional or careless damage. Please also note that you may not return Goods to Us under these terms merely because you have changed your mind. If you are a consumer in the European Union you have a legal right to a 14 calendar day cooling-off period, which We further supplement by goodwill, bringing it to a total of 30 calendar days, within which you can return Goods for this reason.
To return Goods to Us for any reason under this Clause, please contact us and we will send you a returns form to be completed. We will be fully responsible for the costs of returning Goods under this Clause and will reimburse you where appropriate.
Any refunds due will be issued within 7 working days and will be made using the same payment method that you used when ordering the Goods.
For further information on your rights as a consumer, please contact your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
Back to top
Cancelling and Returning Goods if You Change Your Mind
The following Terms in this section do not apply for any bespoke or branded Goods, nor for Business-to-Business Orders. Please refer to the following section for Terms regarding the cancellation/return of these types of Goods: Bespoke or Branded Goods.
If you are a consumer in the European Union, you have a legal right to a "cooling-off" period within which you can cancel the Contract for any reason. This period begins once your Order is complete and delivery has occured, i.e. when the Contract between you and Us is formed. You may also cancel for any reason before your Order is complete.
In addition, We further supplement by goodwill this period which extends the legal cooling-off period within which you may change your mind, cancel, and return the Goods as detailed below.
If the Goods are being delivered to you in a single instalment (whether single or multiple items), the legal cooling-off period ends 14 calendar days after the day on which you (or someone you nominate) receive(s) the Goods. Our further supplement by goodwill extends this period to a total of 30 calendar days.
If the Goods are being delivered in separate instalments on separate days, the legal cooling-off period ends 14 calendar days after the day on which you (or someone you nominate) receive(s) the final instalment of Goods. Our further supplement by goodwill extends this period to a total of 30 calendar days.
If you wish to exercise your right to cancel under this Clause, you must inform Us of your decision within the cooling-off period. Cancellation by email or by post is effective from the date on which you send Us your message.
Please note that the cooling-off period lasts for whole calendar days.
If, for example, you send Us an email or letter by 23:59:59 on the final day of the cooling-off period, your cancellation will be valid and accepted.
If you would prefer to contact Us directly to cancel, please use the following details:
Telephone: 0115 9557373;
Email: info@greatbeanbags.com;
Post: Precision Stitching Ltd, Terence House, Denman Street East, Nottingham, NG7 3GX;
In each case, providing Us with your name, address, email address, telephone number, and Order Number.
Please ensure that you return Goods to Us no more than 14 calendar days after the day on which you have informed Us that you wish to cancel under this Clause.
You may return Goods to Us in person during Our business hours, by post or another suitable delivery service of your choice to Our returns address at Precision Stitching Ltd, Terence House, Denman Street East, Nottingham, NG7 3GX.
If you would prefer for us to arrange a collection from your address, please contact us directly to arrange this. This service may be chargable, however we will advise of such costs prior to confirming the collection.
Any refunds due will be issued within 7 working days and will be made using the same payment method that you used when ordering the Goods.
Refunds under this Clause may be subject to deductions in the following circumstances:
Refunds may be reduced for any diminished value in the Goods resulting from your excessive handling of them (e.g. no more than would be permitted in a shop). Please note that if We issue a refund before We have received the Goods and have had a chance to inspect them, We may subsequently charge you an appropriate sum if We find that the Goods have been handled excessively.
Standard delivery charges will be reimbursed in full as part of your refund. Please note, however, that We cannot reimburse for premium delivery.
We will only reimburse the equivalent standard delivery costs when issuing refunds under this Clause 12. We are required by law to reimburse standard delivery charges (or the equivalent) only.
Back to top
Bespoke or Branded Goods
Bepoke Goods refer to any Goods that are:
Made to non-standard specifications as requested by You;
Produced solely to your speficiations or
Customised to order.
The following terms do not replace our Terms for Faulty, Damaged or Incorrect Goods, however the following does apply:
If Bespoke or Branded Goods are incorrect as a result of your provision of incorrect information, rather than them not matching Our description, you will not be able to return those Bespoke Goods.
Bespoke or Branded Goods do not qualify for the 14/30 calendar day cooling off period. You may cancel after receiving Bespoke Goods if there is a problem with them, as set out in [Faulty, Damaged or Incorrect Goods] (excluding the exception above), but you cannot cancel merely because you have changed your mind.
If you wish to cancel once production has begun on your Bespoke or Branded Goods, but before delivery, a charge
of at least 50% will be levied to cover our manufacturing costs.
Back to top
Events Outside of Our Control (Force Majeure)
We will not be liable for any failure or delay in performing Our obligations where that failure or delay results from any cause that is beyond Our reasonable control. Such causes include, but are not limited to: power failure, internet service provider failure, strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, riots and other civil unrest, fire, explosion, flood, storms, earthquakes, subsidence, acts of terrorism (threatened or actual), acts of war (declared, undeclared, threatened, actual or preparations for war), epidemic or other natural disaster, or any other event that is beyond Our reasonable control.
If any event described under this Clause occurs that is likely to adversely affect Our performance of any of Our obligations under these Terms of Sale:
We will inform you as soon as is reasonably possible;
We will take all reasonable steps to minimise the delay;
To the extent that we cannot minimise the delay, Our affected obligations under these Terms (and therefore the Contract) will be suspended and any time limits that We are bound by will be extended accordingly;
We will inform you when the event outside of Our control is over and provide details of any new dates, times or availability of Goods as necessary;
If the event outside of Our control continues for more than 7 working days We will cancel the Contract and inform you of the cancellation.
Any refunds due to you as a result of that cancellation will be paid to you as soon as is reasonably possible and in any event within 7 working days of the date on which the Contract is cancelled;
If an event outside of Our control occurs and you wish to cancel the Contract as a result, you may do so in any way you wish. To contact Us directly to cancel, please use the following details:
Telephone: 0115 9557373
Email: info@greatbeanbags.com
Post: Precision Stitching Ltd, Terence House, Denman Street East, Nottingham, NG7 3GX
In each case, providing Us with your name, address, email address, telephone number, and Order Number.
Any refunds due to you as a result of such cancellation will be paid to you as soon as is reasonably possible and in any event within 7 working days of the date on which the Contract is cancelled.
Back to top
Complaints and Feedback
We always welcome feedback from Our customers and, whilst We always use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that your experience as a customer of Ours is a positive one, We nevertheless want to hear from you if you have any cause for complaint.
If you wish to complain about any aspect of your dealings with Us, please contact Us in one of the following ways:
In writing, addressed to Complaints Department, Precision Stitching Ltd, Terence House, Denman Street East, Nottingham, NG7 3GX;
By email, addressed to info@greatbeanbags.com;
By contacting Us by telephone on 0115 9557373.
Back to top
How We Use Your Personal Information (Data Protection)
All personal information that We may use will be collected, processed, and held in accordance with the provisions of EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") and your rights under the GDPR.
For complete details of Our collection, processing, storage, and retention of personal data including, but not limited to, the purpose(s) for which personal data is used, the legal basis or bases for using it, details of your rights and how to exercise them, and personal data sharing (where applicable), please refer to Our Privacy Policy: https://www.greatbeanbags.com/privacy-policy
Back to top
Intellectual Property Rights
All Content included on Our Site and the copyright and other intellectual property rights subsisting in that Content, unless specifically labelled otherwise, belongs to or has been licensed by Us. All Content (including User Content) is protected by applicable United Kingdom and international intellectual property laws and treaties.
Unless specified below, you may not reproduce, copy, distribute, sell, rent, sub-licence, store, or in any other manner re-use Content from Our Site unless given express written permission to do so by Us.
You may:
Access, view and use Our Site in a web browser (including any web browsing capability built into other types of software or app);
Download Our Site (or any part of it) for caching;
Print [one copy of any] page(s) from Our Site;
Download extracts from pages on Our Site; and
Save pages from Our Site for later and/or offline viewing.
Our status as the owner and author of the Content on Our Site (or that of identified licensors, as appropriate) must always be acknowledged.
You may not use any Content printed, saved or downloaded from Our Site for commercial purposes without first obtaining a licence from Us (or our licensors, as appropriate) to do so. This does not prohibit the normal access, viewing and use of Our Site for general information purposes whether by business users or consumers.
Back to top
Links to Our Site
You may link to Our Site provided that:
you do so in a fair and legal manner;
you do not do so in a manner that suggests any form of association, endorsement or approval on Our part where none exists;
you do not use any logos or trade marks displayed on Our Site without Our express written permission; and
you do not do so in a way that is calculated to damage Our reputation or to take unfair advantage of it.
Framing or embedding of Our Site on other websites is not permitted without Our express written permission.
You may not link to Our Site from any other site the main content of which contains material that:
is sexually explicit;
is obscene, deliberately offensive, hateful or otherwise inflammatory;
promotes violence;
promotes or assists in any form of unlawful activity;
discriminates against, or is in any way defamatory of, any person, group or class of persons, race, gender, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age;
is intended or is otherwise likely to threaten, harass, annoy, alarm, inconvenience, upset, or embarrass another person;
is calculated or is otherwise likely to deceive another person;
is intended or is otherwise likely to infringe (or to threaten to infringe) another person’s privacy;
misleadingly impersonates any person or otherwise misrepresents the identity or affiliation of a particular person in a way that is calculated to deceive (obvious parodies are not included in this definition provided that they do not fall within any of the other provisions of this sub-Clause 7.4);
implies any form of affiliation with Us where none exists;
infringes, or assists in the infringement of, the intellectual property rights (including, but not limited to, copyright, trade marks and database rights) of any other party; or
is made in breach of any legal duty owed to a third party including, but not limited to, contractual duties and duties of confidence.
Back to top
Links to Other Sites
Links to other sites may be included on Our Site. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under Our control. We neither assume nor accept responsibility or liability for the content of third party sites. The inclusion of a link to another site on Our Site is for information only and does not imply any endorsement of the sites themselves or of those in control of them.
Back to top
Viruses, Malware and Security
We exercise all reasonable skill and care to ensure that Our Site is secure and free from viruses and other malware.
You are responsible for protecting your hardware, software, data and other material from viruses, malware, and other internet security risks.
You must not deliberately introduce viruses or other malware, or any other material which is malicious or technologically harmful either to or via Our Site.
You must not attempt to gain unauthorised access to any part of Our Site, the server on which Our Site is stored, or any other server, computer, or database connected to Our Site.
You must not attack Our Site by means of a denial of service attack, a distributed denial of service attack, or by any other means.
By breaching the provisions of this Clause, you may be committing a criminal offence under the Computer Misuse Act 1990. Any and all such breaches will be reported to the relevant law enforcement authorities and We will cooperate fully with those authorities by disclosing your identity to them. Your right to use Our Site will cease immediately in the event of such a breach.
Back to top
Website Accounts
Certain parts of Our Site (including the ability to purchase goods from Us) may require an Account in order to access them.
You may not create an Account if you are under 18 years of age.
When creating an Account, the information you provide must be accurate and complete. If any of your information changes at a later date, it is your responsibility to ensure that your Account is kept up-to-date.
We recommend that you choose a strong password for your Account, consisting of a combination of lowercase and uppercase letters, numbers, and symbols. It is your responsibility to keep your password safe. If you believe your Account is being used without your permission, please contact Us immediately. We will not be liable for any unauthorised use of your Account.
If you wish to close your Account, you may do so at any time. Closing your Account will result in the removal of your information. Closing your Account will also remove access to any areas of Our Site requiring an Account for access.
Back to top
Disclaimers
Nothing on Our Site constitutes advice on which you should rely. It is provided for general information purposes only.
Insofar as is permitted by law, We make no representation, warranty, or guarantee that Our Site will meet your requirements, that it will not infringe the rights of third parties, that it will be compatible with all software and hardware, or that it will be secure. If, as a result of Our failure to exercise reasonable care and skill, any digital content from Our Site damages your device or other digital content belonging to you, you may be entitled to certain legal remedies. For more details concerning your rights and remedies as a consumer, please contact your local Citizens Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
We are not responsible for the content or accuracy, or for any opinions, views, or values expressed in User Content. Any such opinions, views, or values are those of the relevant User and do not reflect Our opinions, views, or values in any way.
Precision Stitching Limited is in no way affiliated or associated with Bazaar Assets LLP or BGRP Limited t/a The Bazaar Group
Back to top
Other Important Terms
We may transfer (assign) Our obligations and rights under these Terms (and under the Contract, as applicable) to a third party (this may happen, for example, if We sell Our business). If this occurs, you will be informed by Us in writing. Your rights under these Terms will not be affected and Our obligations under these Terms will be transferred to the third party who will remain bound by them.
You may not transfer (assign) your [other] obligations and rights under these Terms (and under the Contract, as applicable) without Our express written permission.
The Contract is between you and Us. It is not intended to benefit any other person or third party in any way and no such person or party will be entitled to enforce any provision of these Terms.
If any of the provisions of these Terms are found to be unlawful, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by any court or other authority, that / those provision(s) shall be deemed severed from the remainder of these Terms. The remainder of these Terms shall be valid and enforceable.
No failure or delay by Us in exercising any of Our rights under these Terms means that We have waived that right, and no waiver by Us of a breach of any provision of these Terms means that We will waive any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
We may revise these Terms from time to time in response to changes in relevant laws and other regulatory requirements. If We change these Terms as they relate to your Order, We will give you reasonable advance notice of the changes and provide details of how to cancel if you are not happy with them. If you do opt to cancel, you must return any affected Goods you have already received and we will arrange for a full refund (including delivery charges) which will be paid within 7 working days of your cancellation.
Back to top
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms and Conditions, and the relationship between you and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the law of England & Wales.
If you are a consumer, you will benefit from any mandatory provisions of the law in your country of residence. Nothing in the above takes away or reduces your rights as a consumer to rely on those provisions.
If you are a consumer, any dispute, controversy, proceedings or claim between you and Us relating to these Terms and Conditions, or the relationship between you and Us (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the courts of England, Wales, Scotland, or Northern Ireland, as determined by your residency.
If you are a business, any disputes concerning these Terms and Conditions, the relationship between you and Us, or any matters arising therefrom or associated therewith (whether contractual or otherwise) shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales.
Back to top