https://www.murphyofireland.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Website of the Murphy of Ireland
This statement relates to our privacy practices in connection with this website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such.
General statement
Murphy of Ireland fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to Murphy of Ireland will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Irish Data Protection Acts, 1988 & 2003.
Collection and use of personal information
Murphy of Ireland does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by purchasing a product or using our on-line feedback forms). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by Murphy of Ireland only in line with the purpose for which you provided it. Your personal data may also be anonymized and used for statistical purposes.
Menswear
Ladieswear
Childrenswear
Irish Aran Sweaters
Grandfather Shirts
Nightshirts
Sleepwear
Donegal Tweed Socks - Buy 3 add 4th Free
Gifts
Accessories
Clearance
Murphy of Ireland
Main Street, Ballybofey,
Co Donegal F93 HFH9
Ireland
service@murphyofireland.com
T: + 353 74 9131 029
USA
547 Cherokee Road
Charlotte NC 28207
USA
service@murphyofireland.com
T: 1-866-8687749
(1-866-8MURPHY)
Secure Payment
FREE SHIPPING WORLDWIDE
Murphy of Ireland offer FREE SHIPPING WORLDWIDE and a no quibble total customer satisfaction guarantee. If you are not happy with any aspect of your purchase we will take it back and replace it or refund you the cost of the item.
More Information
Why Donegal Tweed?
Our Heritage
Delivery and shipping
Charitable Affiliation
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Contact Us
My Account
Search
Search for:
Search
0