http://www.beadnshop.com/terms
Home
FAQ
About
Contact
Login
There are no products in your shopping cart.0 Items0.00 USD
Home
Terms of Use
We are not accepting more orders at the moment. Sorry for the inconvenience.
By using this site the user has unconditionally accepted the terms of use as given hereunder and/or elsewhere in the site.
By using beadnshop.com you agree to be legally bound by these terms, which shall take effect immediately on your first use of beadnshop.com. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all the following terms please do not access and/or use beadnshop.com.
Beadnshop.com reserves the right to update the "terms of use" at any time without notice to you.
The user may carefully read all the information on products and services as provided in relevant sections and also in frequently asked questions, shipping information, privacy policy and copyright policy.
No user shall attempt to gain unauthorized access to any services, accounts, computer systems or networks connected to any beadnshop.com server or to any of the services, through hacking, password mining or any other means.
Beadnshop.com reserves the right to recover the cost of goods, collection charges and lawyers fees from persons using this site fraudulently. Beadnshop.com reserves the right to sue the recipient in case of fraudulent charges and denial of charges by the customer.
The features and services on the beadnshop.com site is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis, and we hereby expressly disclaims any and all warranty except warranty expressly stated herein, including but not limited to any warranties of condition, quality, durability, performance, accuracy, reliability, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. All such warranties, representations, conditions, undertakings and terms are hereby excluded.
You may not copy, reproduce, recompile, decompile, disassemble, reverse-engineer, distribute, publish, display, perform, modify, upload to create derivative works from, transmit, communicate or in any other way exploit any part of the information or material obtained through beadnshop.com and/or the beadnshop.com's material.
There is no agency, middle-man, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchisor-franchisee relationship between beadnshop.com and any user of the service. Beadnshop.com is operated and maintained by Maruti International®
If any information provided by you including personal, company, contact details, etc. are fake/bogus beadnshop.com reserves the right to terminate your orders/agreements without any prior notice to you and no refund will be made for it, if paid.
Beadnshop.com reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as beadnshop.com deems necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in beadnshop.com's sole discretion. See the privacy policy for disclosures relating to the collection and use of your information.
The description provided on beadnshop.com, including but not limited to composition, dimension etc. are true to beadnshop.com's knowledge. However, beadnshop.com can not be held responsible for any discrepancies between the actual specifications, description and what is shown on this website. Also customer assumes complete responsibility of using the products sold at beadnshop.com. Beadnshop.com can not be held liable for any loss, damage, or injury caused by the use of products sold by beadnshop.com.
Beadnshop.com accept payments by all Master Card, Visa, American Express and Discover Cards via Paypal. Customers should note that this online payment gateway accepts payments which are mentioned at PayPal website.
We encourage customers to read payment policies, terms and conditions of using PayPal at www.paypal.com. Beadnshop.com shall not be liable for any policy, terms and conditions changes of PayPal resulting in additional expenses or losses by using PayPal website.
In the unlikely event if a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a display or typographical error, or an error in pricing information beadnshop.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
Beadnshop.com shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged, for no reason. If your credit card has been charged and the order has been canceled, Beadnshop.com shall issue a credit to your PayPal account deducting transaction fees.
Beadnshop.com shall not be liable for any charges, loss of profits, emotional stress or any other liability etc. caused due to the late delivery, non delivery and non availability of products.
Incase the delivery is not executed during the attempt, due to wrong address / recipient not available / premises locked, the customer shall still be charged for the order.
The actual product may vary from the images that you see in beadnshop.com due to graphical editing and designing. Beadnshop.com will not be liable for any charges resulting in the variation occurred for so.
Beadnshop.com is not liable for any charges resulting in from the goods being broken, misplaced or lost during the transit.
Beadnshop.com shall not be liable for product variations regarding size, dimension, weight, color, design, etc.
This agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Jaipur (Rajasthan), Indian Jurisdiction only without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
New Arrivals
Beads by Material
Maruti Necklace
Maruti Beads
Lac Beads
Kashmiri Beads
Glass Beads
Copper Beads
Beads by Shape
Euro Style Beads
Round Beads
Square Beads
Cylindrical Beads
Heart Beads
Unusual Shapes
Bangles & Bracelets
Kashmiri Bangles & Bracelets
Minimum purchase amount is 60.00 USD.
Most of the beads are made after the order is placed.
Beads are originally designed and produced for Bead 'n Shop.
Testimonials
Thank you very much, I received the package in just 6 days from my order and was very surprised and pleased for that. The beads are wonderful and loved them right away!!! Your packaging was also great, I will certainly come back to you soon!xeiropoihtog
I've got it, thank you very much: the beads are much more interesting and fancy then on the site's pictures. I'm happy and going to place more orders.Evgenia Bugas
My beads got here a few days ago and I cannot believe how incredibly
gorgeous they are!!! I haven't been able to use them yet because we are
moving in 2 days, but they are #1 on my list when I get the chance. Thank
you for the great packaging!! I just love these beads and had to let you
know how happy I am with your product!!!!!Kathryn.
Received my order today. Thank you. Beads are beautiful and more than
I expected, will definitely buy again. Packing and packaging were five
gold stars. ThanksPete Gutierrez
Hi, I received my order today. The beads are simply beautiful :) And they have been packed so well. Although the order took a little longer than expected but the wait was worth it. Loved the beads. Thanks a lot.Rachna Jain
My order arrived today and it is ABSOLUTELY GORGEOUS!!!!! The inside packaging was excellent. Everything was perfectly arranged and pristine within the plastic hinged lid box and the beads are simply
spectacular! I could not be happier than I am with this purchase!
It took longer than expected for the order to complete, but EVERY bit worth
the time.
What skilled artisans you have to do such wonderful work! The workmanship
within these beads is awe inspiring! Each one looks just perfect.
What a treat to have found you on the internet and have had such a POSITIVE
experience!
Hats off to you all! You truly deserve it!
My very best wishes,Pat Dippre
I received the beads today, and they are just perfect! They´re looking
even better, than on the pictures, so beautifully made, each and every one!
Thank you very much and i will order again!Mirva Tolonen
The beads arrived today and were worth the wait. They are beautiful and such good quality.
Thank you very muchAlice
We announce with joy that we got a beads! Your beads are wonderful! We were also very pleased to see the quality package.
Thank you very much for your attention to us, and your quality work.
We very much hope that your products are like to our customers and this will continue our cooperation with you!Sosna_i
I just received my order today and want to tell you that your beads are beautiful. I've seen maruti beads at different stores but the quality of
yours is so much more superior. Each bead is so carefully crafted, they are
even more beautiful in person than in the pictures on the website. Even the
packaging was thoughtful and carefully handled. And thank you for the
samples, what a nice, unexpected surprise.
Thank you for such a beautiful product, my jewelry will look awesome with
these beads.amflannigan1
ciao, this morning,
i have received your goods.
everything is very beautiful, thanks also for the samples of other pearls.Michela
Such beautiful beads - very well packaged!
I have loved them all!!lursibelle
I Love your beads got them last week and they are almost sold out.Jolynn Potter
I just wanted to inform you that I received my order - these beads are
gorgeous!!
They were packaged very well and arrived in only 3 shipping
days. Thank you so very much and I will order again!Cynthia
I LOVE these beads!
I want to place the same order again, but I have to wait for a little while.......money has to build up again!
Thanks!Kathy Baugus
Blog
About
Contact
Links Directory
Shipping Charges
Currency Converter
Frequently Asked Questions
Testimonials
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Copyright Policy
Terms of Use
Copyright © 2006-2015 Bead 'n Shop - A division of Maruti International® (India). All Rights Reserved.