http://www.languagebooks.com.au/conditions/privacy-security.do
×
The username or password you entered is incorrect. Please try again or use the Forgot Password link
You have been successfully logged-in
Log in to your account
Email
Password
Log in
Forgot Your Password ?
Don't Have An Account Yet ?
Signup!
×
Password Recovery
To recover your password please fill in your email address
Email
Submit
Back To Login
Don't Have An Account Yet ?
Signup!
×
Create An Account
Please fill in below form to create an account with us
Email
Username
Fullname
Country
Country
Signup
Back To Login
×
There were errors updating your password:
Your password was successfully updated
Password Reset
Please set your new password
Confirm Password
Submit
Privacy & Security
All
Your Privacy
Your Security
PRIVACY ACT 1988
We comply with the Privacy Act 1988 of the Commonwealth of Australia.
PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF USE
Your privacy is important to us and we recognise our responsibility to protect the privacy of your personal information. Abbey's believes that the responsible use of personal information collected on its website is critical to its business objectives and reputation. If you have any questions or comments about our administration of your personal information, please contact us.
Cookies
Our cookies do not gather personal information. Cookies are stored locally on your computer or mobile device and Abbey's uses cookies for user login information and to help us understand how you use our website, which helps us improve your browsing experience. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media and our advertising and analytics providers, who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them directly or that they've collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website.
What are cookies?
Cookies are text files that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit a website. As you browse abbeys.com.au, cookies gather information about your use of our website. Many cookies last through a single session or visit, while others may have an expiry date and remain on your device until you delete them. Some types of cookies are used to perform essential functions such as enhancing site experience and functionality.
Types of cookies
Session cookies are temporary cookies that expire (and are automatically erased) whenever you close your browser. An example of how we use session cookies is to grant access to content and enable commenting (things you have to log in to do).
Persistent cookies usually have an expiry date far into the future and thus stay in your browser until they expire, or until you manually delete them. An example of how we use persistent cookies is for functionalities like the 'Remember my user ID' tick box.
Cookie Management
You can control how cookies are used on your computer or device by changing your browser settings. If you delete or block certain cookies, your experience on our website may be limited and you may not be able to use some of our website features.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION COLLECTED
Law enforcement or government agencies may exercise their legal authority to inspect the logs of our Internet Service Provider if it becomes necessary in the unlikely event of an external investigation.
USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
We use information collected to advise you of new book releases, special offers, events (e.g. sales) or changes relating to our website. This may be via email or Australia Post. You can ask us to not send you any more promotional print mail (e.g. catalogues) at any time. You can also unsubscribe from any future promotional emails. The 'Unsubscribe' links are found at the top, and also at the bottom, of our marketing emails. Unsubscribing is automatic and immediate.
NEWSLETTERS AND PROMOTIONAL EMAILS
We use email addresses collected to advise you of new book releases, special offers and events (e.g. sales). If you no longer wish to receive any email newsletters, you may unsubscribe at any time. The 'Unsubscribe' links are found at the top, and also at the bottom, of our marketing emails. Unsubscribing is automatic and immediate.
WE TREAT CUSTOMER SECURITY SERIOUSLY
Abbey's is dedicated to the protection of customer security and the information you give us. Any information we receive is treated with the utmost care, and will not be disclosed to third parties for any reason. All customer information is considered confidential, and will never be sold, rented or shared.
WE ARE PCIDSS (PAYMENT CARD INDUSTRY DATA SECURITY STANDARD) COMPLIANT
This is a strict security standard which the card schemes (Visa and MasterCard) introduced globally to ensure personal information is properly protected. We don't store your credit card information on any of our servers. Our payment gateway is through SecurePay (a division of Australia Post) which holds the highest level of PCIDSS accreditation. Our site uses HTTPS over TLS 1.2.