http://www.mpwoodcarver.com/pages/privacy-policy
717-264-9571 | info@mpwoodcarver.com
Can't Find Something?
Log in
or
Create account
Cart
0
Search
717-264-9571 | info@mpwoodcarver.com
Menu
Cart 0
Home
Products
+
-
DIG Welcome Signs
DIG Welcome Stakes
DIG Toppers
Door Toppers
Garden Stakes
Leash Holders
Small Head Studies
Planter Boxes
Wall Clocks
DIG Ornaments
Weathervanes
One of a Kind Items
Shop by Breed
About Us
+
-
About Michael Park
Customer Testimonials
Contact Us
Wholesale
Log in
Create account
Search
Privacy Policy
This policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you, how we may use or disclose that information, and our efforts to protect it. Please read this policy carefully, and feel free to contact us at info@mpwoodcarver.com if you have any questions regarding its contents.
Types of Information Collected and Security
When orders are placed, we will ask for billing information to complete your purchase. All information collected through our shopping cart's checkout pages is through a 128-bit encrypted connection to your browser, using a valid SSL certificate. If you prefer, we have provided several alternate methods for online purchasing of our products and services: You may mail in your payment, or request a traditional phone call to obtain your credit card details.
Use of Cookies
Our shopping cart and outlying affiliate system makes use of cookies when a visitor's Internet browser is set up to accept them. Cookies are small data files that a website sends to your browser for storage on your computer's hard drive. No personal data whatsoever is stored or transmitted via cookies originating from our site. The cookie sets a complex number. That is it. We use the number on our side to keep your shopping cart initialized to the correct person. If you came to our site by clicking on one of our affiliate links, it's possible that a similar cookie was set, which just contains the affiliate's ID number. If you complete an order on our site, we use the affiliate's ID number to credit them for the sale. We do not track any other activity with it, on our site, or the Internet.
Use of Information
All information collected by our online ordering system is used solely for in-house ordering and transaction management: to register your products, to resolve billing issues, to mail you receipts, invoices, special access codes to our developer areas. We do not use our ordering system's information, i.e., email addresses, phone numbers, addresses, for anything outside what is required to complete transactions. We do not use any of your information to mail unsolicited mail.
Third Party Disclosure
The personal information you have provided us and information about your order will not be shared, sold, or given to any third party invested in the business of marketing, or collecting marketing information.
Disclosure of Information
The personal information you have provided us and the information about your order will not be shared or given away for any reason whatsoever outside of what is needed to process your order and complete your transaction.