http://www.scottsofstow.co.uk/modern-slavery-policy/
Skip to main content
CONGRATULATIONS! Offer Code
gives you .
0
New Season
Christmas
All Christmas
Christmas Decorations
Christmas Entertaining
Christmas Food and Drink
Christmas Gifts
Extra Guests
Kitchen and Dining
All Kitchen and Dining
Cooking and Preparation
Containers and Storage
Cookware
Cutlery and Utensils
Food Preparation
Kitchen Gadgets
Microwave Cooking
Textiles
Curtains
Dining Textiles
Kitchen Textiles
Other Textiles
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Crockery and Glassware
Drinkware
Tableware
Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Kitchen Electricals
Kitchen Floor Mats
Practical Kitchen
Portmeirion
Home
All Home
Home Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Garden Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Living Room Furniture
Storage Furniture
Soft Furnishings
Curtains
Cushions and Throws
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Home Accessories
Artificial Plants and Flowers
Bedroom Accessories
Clocks
Cushions and Throws
Home Decor
Phones
Electricals
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Cleaning and Maintenance
Garden Electricals
Heaters and Fans
Home Audio
Kitchen Electricals
Lighting
Office Electricals
Phone and Tablet Accessories
Phones
Small Electricals
Rugs Runners and Mats
Practical Mats
Rugs
Runners
Bathroom
Bathroom Accessories
Towels and Bathmats
Gift Ideas
Boredom Busters
Puzzlers Paradise
Home Audio
Home Office
Lighting
William Morris
Sale
Bedding
All Bedding
Bedlinen
100 Percent Cotton Bedding
Bedding Collections
Bedsheets Pillowcases and Valances
Blankets Bedspreads and Throws
Duvet Covers and Sets
Hotel Bedding
Duvets and Pillows
Duvets
Pillows
Mattress Toppers Protectors and Electric Blankets
Electric Blankets
Mattress and Pillow Protectors
Mattress Toppers
Bedroom Accessories
Extra Guests
Garden
All Garden
Garden Decor
Garden Furniture
Garden Lighting
Garden Storage
Garden Textiles
Grow Your Own
Outdoor Dining
Pots and Planters
Tools and Maintenance
Health and Wellbeing
All Health and Wellbeing
Health and Fitness
Helping Hand
Personal Care and Grooming
Personal Protective Equipment
Clothing and Accessories
All Clothing and Accessories
Ladies
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Mens
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Travel
All Travel
Luggage and Bags
Travel Accessories
Travel Security
Motoring
Practical and DIY
All Practical and DIY
Cleaning
Eco Friendly
Laundry
DIY
Helping Hand
Motoring
Pest Control
Pet Care
Security
Storage
Travel Security
Weather Beaters
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Shop our Catalogue
All Shop our Catalogue
Christmas Dining
Christmas at Home
Home Living
Kitchen
Practical
Outdoor and Garden
Health and Beauty
Bedroom
Bathroom
Seasonal Bestsellers
Half Price Offers
Exclusive
Sign in
Register
0
Track your order
You'll need your order number and postcode
FREE DELIVERY
We pay for delivery on all orders over £75
Track your orderYou'll need your order number and postcode
Home
Modern Slavery Policy
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Fighting Modern Slavery
Financial Period ended 31st December 2019
This statement is published in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and sets out the steps that Scotts Limited (Scotts & Co) has taken during the previous financial period to prevent modern slavery and human trafficking from operating within its own operations or within its supply chain. At Scotts & Co. we recognise that we have a commitment to understanding the risks of modern slavery and take our responsibilities seriously.
Scotts & Co is a multi-channel retail business with four active brands trading through the legal entity Scotts Limited. With brands including “Scotts of Stow”, “Gift Discoveries from Scotts of Stow”, “Expert Verdict” and “Bloom”, we largely trade with our customers through mail order, supported by two flagship retail outlets in Stow-on-the-Wold and an increasingly successful web business. Our Cotswold heritage dates back 29 years, to when our first shop in Stow first opened its doors in 1991. Since then, the Scotts & Co business has grown significantly with sales exceeding £35m. The business is privately owned with sites in Groundwell, Wiltshire and Stow-on-the-Wold.
Modern Slavery within our Business
Scotts and Co wants its customers and suppliers to be confident that employees of the business are treated fairly, with respect for human rights and are not exposed to unsafe working conditions or in any way forced to work under slavery. Ethical standards are in place to protect employee well being and to improve quality and productivity. We do this through a series of measures and policies covering equal opportunities, positive working and health and safety, and by ensuring that all employees have an employment contract. We monitor employee remuneration, benefits and working hours to ensure we meet local and European legislative requirements. Over the next 12 months we will continue to educate all employees on modern slavery at every level and in every department of the business in a format appropriate to their role.
Risk Assessment
We have assessed the risk of slavery occurring within our business. As a retailer, the most likely source of slavery occurring in our business is via the product supply chain. We have attempted to mitigate this by increasing our knowledge of our suppliers’ businesses and how they source materials and manufacture the products they supply. For our own-sourced products, we endeavour to trace back to factory level. This allows us to satisfy ourselves, and our customers, that the products are not created as a result of slavery.
Modern Slavery and our supply chain
We have built long-standing relationships with our supply chain and work with over 500 suppliers globally, sourcing our products from around 20 countries, including China, USA, India and Hong Kong, as well as European countries such as Spain, France and Italy. We understand that respecting human rights is ultimately our suppliers’ responsibility. However, as customers we recognise our involvement in ensuring that there are good working conditions for all workers, despite not owning the factories that supply our products. We fully support the government’s objectives to eradicate modern slavery. To that end, we work closely with our supply base, both UK-based and abroad, to ensure that they are compliant with the following code of conduct:
No forced labour
Freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining
Safe and hygienic working conditions
No child labour
Payment of living wages
Working hours are not excessive
No discrimination is practised
Regular employment is provided
No harsh or inhumane treatment
Compliance with this code forms part of their contract to supply our company. Any suppliers found to be in breach of the Modern Slavery Act will be asked to take immediate action to improve conditions. Business relationships may be terminated swiftly if the required improvement is not forthcoming.
We will continue to focus on our supply chain as this is where we recognise many of the issues could potentially reside. This statement is made in accordance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes the Company’s modern slavery statement for the current financial year.
Approved by the Scotts & Co board on 12 March 2020.
Nigel Swabey
Chairman – Scotts & Co
12 March 2020
Close
×
OK
Order Enquiry
×
Track my order
Please enter your customer number or order number* plus surname and postcode to track the status of your order.
*Please ensure you include the order prefix (not just the order number), these include: S, W, RSO, RSG, DEPA, BCS, BCG, BCE, BCB, BCGD, BCSOS, BCEV and BCBL followed by the order number itself.
Customer Number
-- OR --
Order Number
Surname
Postcode
Please Note:- Items being delivered by our specialist white glove service:
This premium service also includes delivery to your room of choice, unpacking and removal of
all packaging.
If you want to try an alternative search please click HERE to return to the form.
×
Hello! We’ve noticed your internet browser hasn’t been updated for a while. You won’t be able to checkout on our website without upgrading. You will increasingly find that you are struggling with other websites too. Please click here to discover how to upgrade – it’s very simple.
Trustpilot
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
Visit our other brands
×
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
No thanks
Catalogue Request
×
Browse through our catalogues in comfort at home. You'll find lots of extra information about our great range of products. Once you've decided what to buy, come back online to order from us.
1. Select a Catalogue
Scotts of Stow
From the heart of the Cotswolds to the heart of your home… everything for the kitchen, home and garden.
Select Catalogue
Gift Discoveries
We’ve taken the hard work out of buying gifts.
The Gift Discoveries Collection we believe is fresh, exciting and offers inspired gift ideas.
Select Catalogue
Expert Verdict
At Expert Verdict we do the research so that you don’t have to. Every product is thoroughly tested to ensure it’s a ‘Best Buy’
Select Catalogue
Bloom
Discover the beauty of truly realistic silk flowers.
Every petal, bud and leaf are designed and made by hand to uncompromising standards.
Select Catalogue
2. Your Details
Title
Please select your title
Ms
Ms
Miss
Mr
Dr
Baron
Baroness
Brigadier
Canon
Colonel
Count
Countess
Dame
Dowager
Duchess
Duke
Lady
Lord
Major
Professor
Rev
Sir
The Hon
Viscount
Viscountess
Your First Name
Required
Your Last Name
Required
Email Address
Required
Phone Number
3. Address Details
Address Line 1
Required
Address Line 2
Town/City
Required
County
Country
Required
Postcode
Required
You must select at least one catalogue before continuing.
By signing up you consent to receive the catalogues you have indicated our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.