https://www.humangivens.com/publications/help/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Publications / Useful information / Privacy policy
Privacy policy
1. What do we do with your information?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.
Email marketing
If you have signed up to one or more of our mailing lists, then we will contact your email with that specific information. You can change your subscriptions at any time by clicking ‘Manage my subscriptions’ at the bottom of any of our emails to you, or by emailing us at info@humangivens.com.
2. Consent
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. This is processed as part of the ‘contractual’ lawful basis.
If you have filled out a form and agreed to receive emarketing from us, this is processed as part of the ‘consensual’ lawful basis.
You may receive requests from us to review products you have purchased, this is classified under the ‘legitimate interests’ lawful basis.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at info@humangivens.com or writing to us at: Human Givens Publishing, Church Farm, Church Farm Lane, Chalvington, Hailsham, BN27 3TD, UK.
To opt out of emarketing, you can unsubscribe at any time by clicking ‘Manage my subscriptions’ at the bottom of any of our emails to you, or by emailing us at info@humangivens.com
3. Disclosure
We promise never to pass your name or contact details on to any third party. We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service. Any disclosure of personal information will be strictly controlled and made fully in accordance with the current UK legislation, in particular the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Act.
4. Secure ecommerce
Our online shop built with WooCommerce. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
It is hosted with SiteGround within PCI DSS compliant infrastructure that’s audited by an independent Qualified Security Assessor.
We never store cardholder data under any circumstances, and use SSL encryption on all pages, not only the checkout.
Payment
WooCommerce stores your credit card data, which is processed by PayPal payment gateway to complete your purchase. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
5. Third-party services
In general, the third-party providers used by us to will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
Google analytics
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and which pages are being looked at.
6. Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
7. Cookies
Our website utilises “cookies”. A “cookie” is a small text file that permits us to recognise your browser in order to customize your experience, or permit you to access restricted areas. Cookies do not contain personal information.
8. Age of consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
9. Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Questions and contact information
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at info@humangivens.com or in writing and post to: Human Givens Publishing, The Barn, Church Farm, Church Farm Lane, Chalvington, East Sussex, BN27 3TD, UK.
About Us
www.humangivens.com is a website operated by Human Givens Publishing Limited, a limited company registered in England under company number 2788105. Our registered office is: Preston Park House, South Road, Brighton, East Sussex, UK, BN1 6SB. Our office address is: The Barn, Church Farm, Chalvington, Hailsham, East Sussex, UK, BN27 3TD. We are registered as a data controller on the Data Protection Register by the Data Protection Act 1998, registered number Z7212149.
Privacy Policy last updated: 14th May 2019
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.