http://www.candlecompany.co.nz/pages/help
Search
Log in
or
Create account
Cart:
0
Menu
Cart
0
Home
Carton Lots
Paraffin Candles
+
-
Pillar Candles
Tealights
Votives
Tapers
Holders
Soy Candles
+
-
Tealights
Melts
Melt Burner
Candle Making
About
Help
Log in
Create account
Search
Security
Privacy
Payment Options
Payment Currency
Shipping
Returns
Candle Care
Security
The Candle Company recognises that security is one of the major concerns for the shopper during an online transaction. So we use DPS Payment Express, in tandem with Westpac, to handle all of our online payments. Once you have completed your shopping and proceed to the checkout then you will first be asked for some shipping details before you are forwarded to the Payment Express site where you will submit your credit card details.
Payment Express and Westpac employ state of the art security tools and techniques to ensure that you are protected against online fraud. In reality, an online purchase is probably more secure than a card transaction conducted in a shop, over the telephone or by fax - because Payment Express ensure that your online purchase details are encrypted using complex logarithm methods. You can read more about Payment Express' online security on their website by
clicking here.
Privacy
The Candle Company is committed to honouring and protecting your privacy while at the same time providing you with a first rate on-line shopping experience. As an important part of respecting your privacy, we believe that you have the right to know what information is collected by this Website and how such information may be used.
We collect information from you in two ways:
When you contact us, you provide us with an email address and whatever information you choose to submit in connection with your enquiry.
When you place an order with us, you submit your name, shipping address, email address and other contact details.*
We use this information to contact you, respond to your enquiries, and to process, deliver and receive payment for your purchases. We do not share this information with any party, except where it is necessary to complete your enquiry or order.
*Note that we don't collect your credit card details because we never get to see them! You submit your credit card details to our payment gateway, DPS Payment Express, and they remit the order amount to us without revealing your credit card details. You can read Payment Express' privacy policy on their website by
clicking here.
Payment Options
The Candle Company accepts 2 forms of payment:
Online Credit Card Payment. Customers can use the Visa or Mastercard to pay their order at the time of purchase. At the checkout, simply select the payment option titled "Credit Card". Note that all transactions will be processed in New Zealand Dollars (NZD). The credit card payment is handled by a secure third party called DPS Payment Express. For can read more about Payment Express on their website by clicking here.
Bank Deposit. Customers can deposit money into our bank account at their local bank or via an internet payment. At the checkout, simply select the payment option titled "Bank Deposit". An email will be sent to you once you have completed the order, containing our bank account details.
Payment Currency
All prices displayed on this website are shown in New Zealand Dollars (NZD).
Shipping
Where do we ship?
We ship anywhere in New Zealand.
We regret that we do not ship to addresses outside of New Zealand at this time.
We do not ship to P.O. boxes since we use a courier.
How much will it cost?
Shipping costs depend on the destination
Auckland - $6
North Island - $10
South Island - $12
Hauraki Gulf - $12
When will your order be delivered?
The courier company we use targets delivery to a North Island address the next working day and for South Island addresses it should be the second working day.
A signature is required unless permission to leave is given at the time of ordering.
Most orders should be received within 5 working days.
Those with rural addresses may experience an additional delay of 1-2 days.
In the event that an item is temporarily out of stock we will then contact you.
Returns
In the majority of cases where you want to return an item then we will be happy to provide a refund. Read the details of our returns policy below and if you have any questions then contact us and we'll be glad to help.
You have received an item that is damaged
You must contact us within 48 hours of receipt of the damaged item.
We will arrange for the damaged item to be shipped back to us at our expense. The item must be returned in the original packaging.
A replacement item will be shipped to you at our expense.
You have received the wrong item
You must contact us within 48 hours of receipt of the wrong item.
We will arrange for the wrong item to be shipped back to us at our expense. The item must be returned in the original packaging.
A replacement item will be shipped to you at our expense.
You have changed your mind about an item
You must contact us within 7 days of receipt of the item.
You will need to return the item to us in the original packaging and at your expense.
The item must in the same condition in which you received it.
You will be refunded the cost of the item (excluding shipping).
Candle Care
Candle Company would like you to receive maximum enjoyment from the candles you purchase from us. For this reason, we have included these handy tips.
Labels. Always remove any labels from your candle prior to burning.
Candle Memory. The first time you burn a candle, the size of the wax pool will establish a "memory" for future burnings. In other words, if some wax is left unmelted around the edge of the candle after the first burning then this wax will also remain unmelted for future burnings. The result is a cratar effect where the candle burns down the middle with a wall around the outside. In the case of container candles this is undesirable since the wax around the outside is wasted. However, in the case of pillar candles, there will always be a cratar formed and it is best to allow the walls to remain thick and sturdy so they don't collapse. For this reason, we recommend never burning pillars for more than 1 hour per inch of diameter.
Trim the wick. Trim the wick to a length of about 1cm prior to use. This will prevent the candle from burning too quickly, smoking or dripping. Try not to cut the wick too short as the flame may drown when the wax around the wick melts.
Avoid sunlight. Avoid placing candles in direct sunlight to prevent discolouration and disfigurement. The most fade-resistant candle will still fade after repeated exposure to sunlight.
Avoid draughts. If your candle is burning unevenly, it may be burning in a draught. The best solution is to move the candle to a less draughty location. Otherwise, turn the candle regularly to help it burn evenly.
Candle holders. Always place candles on or in an appropriate heat resistant holder, choosing a size appropriate for the candle.
Votive & tealights. For all votives and tealights to achieve their proper burn time they must be placed in a snug, proper size votive holder since by nature, they liquefy when burned. Once burnt, any remaining wax can be removed by first placing the holder in the freezer to shrink the wax, after which, you can pop it out of the holder. Put the holders in the dishwasher to have them looking as good as new.
Safety. Never leave a burning candle unattended and always keep candles out of reach of children and pets.