http://www.jennycraig.com/terms
Skip to main content
Terms
Acceptable Use Policy - Legal Notices
Welcome to the Jenny Craig Web site ("Site"). Please
review the following basic terms that govern your use of our Site.
Your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be
bound by these terms (the "Agreement").
Acceptable Use Policy
Users of our Site must comply with this Acceptable Use Policy.
By using the Site, you agree to comply with this Policy and to
indemnify Jenny Craig against any claims by third parties arising
from your violation of this Policy. In general, you must exercise
judgment and responsibility with respect to your use of our Site.
You may only use the Site for lawful purposes and may not use the
Site to harm others. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, you may not:
Use the Site in violation of any law or regulation
governing Jenny Craig's business or activities, including without
limitation the laws and regulations governing unfair competition,
false advertising, consumer protection, obscenity, spamming, and
privacy.
Use the Site in a manner that presents a security risk or
that may interfere with the operation of the Site.
Use the Site in a manner that infringes another's
copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade
secrets, or other intellectual property rights, or rights of
publicity.
Use the Site to engage in libel, defamation, harassment,
misappropriation of trade secrets, intentional misrepresentation or
fraud, or
wrongful publication of private information.
Post or transmit any unlawful, threatening, libelous,
defamatory, obscene, inflammatory, pornographic, profane material,
hate speech, or any material that could constitute or encourage
conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to
civil liability, or otherwise violate any law.
Introduce viruses, trojan horses, worms, or other computer
programming routines that damage, interfere with, intercept, or
expropriate any system, data, or personal information.
Use the Site to gain illegal or unauthorized access to
other computers or networks through hacking or other means.
Assist or permit any person to engage in any of the
activities described above.
Site Content
The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress,
including all materials, images, illustrations, designs, icons,
photographs, video clips, testimonials, menus, and other materials
that appear as part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents").
Unless noted to the contrary, all trademarks and other intellectual
property on this Site are owned by Société des
Produits Nestlé S.A., Vevey, Switzerland, including but not
limited to JENNY CRAIG, JENNYCRAIG.COM, and JENNY'S CUISINE. The
Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely
for personal, noncommercial (other than for the purchase of
merchandise or services from our site) use by the users of our Site.
You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable
materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No
right, title, or interest in any downloaded materials or software is
transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying.
You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit,
distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or
participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in
part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software.
Postings
Jenny Craig may from time to time monitor, review, and in its
discretion edit or delete, discussions, chats, and postings on our
Site; however, Jenny Craig is under no obligation to do so and
assumes no responsibility or liability arising from the content of
any such transmissions or for any error, defamation, libel, slander,
omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, hate speech,
danger, illegality or inaccuracy contained in any information
transmitted to any such locations on our Site. Jenny Craig will
cooperate with law enforcement or a court order requesting or
directing Jenny Craig to disclose the identity of anyone posting any
information or material prohibited by this Policy. Jenny Craig may
also disclose such information if such disclosure is reasonably
necessary to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
Jenny Craig, its clients, or the public.
User Comments, Feedback, and Other Submissions
All comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions
disclosed, submitted, or offered to Jenny Craig on or by this Site
or otherwise disclosed, submitted, or offered in connection with
your use of this Site or otherwise (collectively,
"Comments") shall be and remain Jenny Craig's property.
Such disclosure, submission, or offer of any Comments shall
constitute an assignment to Jenny Craig of all worldwide rights,
titles, and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual
property in the Comments. Thus, Jenny Craig will own exclusively all
such rights, title, and interest and shall not be limited in any way
in its use, commercial or otherwise, of any Comments. Jenny Craig is
and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any Comments in
confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any Comments; or
(3) to respond to any Comments. You agree that Jenny Craig may
use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of
the Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity. By
participating in Site contests, promotions, and/or requesting
promotional information or product updates, you agree that Jenny
Craig may use your information for marketing and promotional
purposes.
Jenny Craig's Communication To You
You agree that Jenny Craig may send electronic mail to you for the
purpose of advising you of changes or additions to this Site, about
any of Jenny Craig's products or services, or for such other
purpose(s) as Jenny Craig deems appropriate. LINKS TO OTHER
SITES For your convenience and enjoyment, our Site may provide
links to web sites that are not operated by Jenny Craig. These links
do not mean that Jenny Craig endorses, approves, or sponsors the
linked site or any information, products, or services contained in
such site, nor is Jenny Craig liable for any damage that might
result from your use of such information, products, or services.
Disclaimer
DISCLAIMER THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN
"AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF
THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY
FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY
EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT
JENNY CRAIG SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED
TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE. INACCURACY DISCLAIMER From time to
time there may be information on our Site that contains
typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions. We may correct
errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and change or update information
at any time without notice. We apologize for any inconvenience this
may cause you.
×
Authentication
Close