http://www.tattooaftercare.co.uk/terms-conditions
Currency
GBP
EUR - Euro
USD - US Dollar
The Aftercare Company
Menu
Search
My Account
Cart
Search
My Account
Sign In
Create an Account
Skip to Content
Welcome To The Aftercare Company
Currency
GBP
EUR - Euro
USD - US Dollar
The Aftercare Company
Menu
Home
Tattoo
Tattoo Aftercare
Vegan Aftercare
Tattoo Care Guide
Piercing
Application & Ingredients
Laser
Application & Ingredients
Micro
Application & Ingredients
Shop
Shop Retail
Shop Wholesale
Contact
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
USE OF THIS WEBSITE
Please read the following terms and conditions which relate to information regarding use of our website. These terms and conditions (the “Terms and Conditions”) are the terms and conditions upon which The Hemp Company Ltd t/a The Aftercare Company (“we/us”) known throughout the site as “The Aftercare Company” makes this website (the  “The Aftercare Company” Site) available to you. By using this site you are agreeing to these terms and conditions.
CONTACT DETAILS
This website and registered domain www.theaftercarecompany.com is owned by Shirley Jaffrey T/A The Aftercare Company. Registered address : Unit 32 Flexspace, North Road, Ellesmere Port, CH65 1AE.  Tel: + 44 (0) 151 355 3000. Email: shirley@theaftercarecompany.com
PRODUCTS
All The  Aftercare Company products as depicted on this website are available for purchase by persons residing in the UK, Ireland, Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Europe, USA, Asia and most countries worldwide.
PRICES
Prices and availability of products and services listed on the website are subject to change without notice. The prices displayed on the Website are quoted in Pounds sterling. Prices are as stated on website and will include VAT at the current Vat rate for all deliveries within the UK and certain parts of Europe. Vat will automatically be added once you have supplied the delivery address. Customers from countries where VAT is not applicable will not be charged VAT at the time of their order unless the order is being sent to a UK or EU address. Our Vat number is 751 629816.
IMPORT DUTIES & TAXES
if your delivery address is outside the European Union, you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. Any such additional charges must be borne by you. You should note that customs policies vary widely from country to country. The Aftercare Company advises each customer to contact their local customs office for further information.
ORDERS
You will be provided with instruction whilst you are ordering to help navigate the order process. You will be asked to provide personal details including an accurate post code, together with the delivery address. This information will be protected by our Privacy Policy. We will confirm your order details and advise you we are processing your order by email. In the event that we are unable to supply you with a product, we shall notify you as soon as is reasonably possible and shall reimburse your payment in full and in any event no later than 7 days later.
PAYMENTS
We accept payments by all major credit, debit card and PayPal. Your information is protected as detailed on our Privacy Policy. Where fraudulent use has been made of a consumer's payment card all goods remain the property of The Aftercare Company until payment has been made in full.
DELIVERY
Delivery methods, times and pricing are available in the Delivery section of this Website. This information has been provided for all overseas countries in addition to the UK. Whilst we endeavor to ensure the delivery time provided are accurate we cannot guarantee them. Please advise us within 24 hours of receipt of order any discrepancies. Goods may only be returned with prior consent.
RETURN/REPLACEMENT POLICY
Our returns/replacements policies are posted on the Returns section of this website for your review. We request that you read our policies thoroughly prior to purchasing products from this website.
COMPETITION
If you take part in any competition which is run on or through the Website you agree to be bound by the rules of that competition and any other rules specified by The Aftercare Company from time to time.Any personal information held by us if you take part in a competition will be protected by the data protection act and our Privacy Policy.
COMPLAINTS
If at any time you are not happy with the service or goods provided by The  Aftercare Company please contact us in the first instance; by Telephone  +44 (0) 151 355 3000; by email info@theaftercarecompany.com ; by Mail:  Unit 32 Flexspace, North Road, Ellesmere Post, CH65 1AE. Please address any complaint to Shirley Jaffrey. This is in addition to your statutory rights.
INTELECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTSAND USE OF MATERIAL
The content, layout, design, data, graphics, logos and trademarks on this website are protected by UK and other international copyright laws and other than as expressly permitted by license; you must not (a) reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website; (b) edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; (c) redistribute material from this website. In no circumstances may any commercial use of such material be made without our express written consent.
DISCLAIMER
To the maximum extent permitted by law, The Aftercare Company disclaims all warranties, whether expressed or implied by statue custom or usage relating to information contained on this website and we shall not be liable for any losses or damages whatsoever, whether in contact, tort (including negligence) or otherwise arising from this website, or from any interruption or delay in accessing this website.
We may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
These terms and conditions, (together with our privacy policy), constitute the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Please Get In Touch
Unit 32 Flexspace Pioneer Business CentreNorth RoadEllesmere PortCH65 1AE
Call Us Now: 0151 355 3000Office hours: 9am - 5pm weekdays
info@theaftercarecompany.com sales@theaftercarecompany.com
Our Company
Our History & Ethos
Product Testing
Delivery Options
Distributor Enquiries
Contact Us Directly
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
© 2019 Welcome to The Aftercare Company. All Rights Reserved.
Payment Methods
Products Refunds & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions