https://www.dilmahtea.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Terms & Conditions
Home/ Terms and Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Your access to and use of this website “www.dilmahtea.com” (“Website”) is subject exclusively to these Terms and Conditions. Please read these terms and conditions carefully before continuing to use web site. By using the Website you are fully accepting the terms, conditions and disclaimers contained in this notice. If you do not accept these Terms and Conditions you must immediately stop using the Website.
We may change these terms at any time by posting changes online. Please review these terms regularly to ensure you are aware of any changes made by us. Your continued use of web Site after changes are posted means you agree to be legally bound by these terms as updated and/or amended. Throughout this site, the terms “we”, “us”, “our”, “Company”, refers to, “Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC” and any of its affiliated companies forming part of MJF Group. “You” refers to any person accessing and/or using this website.
1. Website Privacy Policy
1.1
Any Personal information or material sent to the websites are subject to the policy on privacy and protection of personal data set out in clause no 10 herein. You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use the web Site content in any way (except for your own personal, non-commercial use). You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any of the website content (except for your own personal, non-commercial use). Any use of the website content for any other purpose requires the prior written permission from our Company.
2. Accuracy and Completeness of Information
2.1
Whilst we use reasonable attempts to ensure the accuracy and completeness of information on this website, we are not responsible if the information that we make available on this website is not accurate or complete. Any reliance upon the material on this website shall be at your own risk.
3. Warranty and Disclaimer
3.1
This website is provided to you on an "As Is" and "As Available" basis and, consequently, the Company gives no warranties of any kind, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise including warranties or representations that material and/or information on this website will be complete, accurate, reliable, timely, non–infringing to third parties, that access to this website will be un–interrupted or error–free or free from viruses, that this website will be secure, that any advice or opinion obtained from the Company through this website is accurate or to be relied upon and any representations or warranties thereto are  accordingly expressly disclaimed.
3.2
Under no circumstances will the Company be liable for any of the following losses or damages whether such losses where foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise:
Loss of data
Loss of revenue or anticipated profits
Loss of business
Loss of opportunity
Loss of goodwill or injury to reputation
Losses suffered by third parties ; or
Any indirect, consequential, special or exemplary damages arising from the use of this website regardless of the form of action.
3.3
Links on this website may take you outside the Company network and systems and the company accepts no responsibility for the content, accuracy or function of these other third party websites. The links are provided in good faith and Company cannot be held responsible for any subsequent change in other third party websites to which we provide a link. The inclusion of any link to other websites does not imply endorsement of the same by the Company. We highly recommend that you make yourself aware of and carefully read the legal and privacy notices of all other websites that you visit.
4. Copyrights
4.1
All material and information on this Website including without limitation any logo, design, text, graphic and their arrangement (“Content”) are licensed to or owned by us. Unless we indicate otherwise you must not copy, distribute, republish, download, display, post or transmit the content in any form or by any means including but not limited to electronic, mechanical or otherwise without our prior permission or the written permission of the copyright owner. You may access and use the Content and this Website for your own personal use only. Unless expressly permitted otherwise, you must not do anything to alter, modify or add to the Content.
4.2
You acknowledge and agree that if you contribute to the Content of this Website, such Content will become our property and you hereby assign all rights, title and interests in and to such contributions to us. We reserve the right to remove any Content from the Website at any time, for any reason or for no reason at all.
4.3
Any comments or materials sent to us through the Website including feedback data, questions, comments and suggestions (collectively "Feedback"), will be deemed to be non-confidential. We have no obligation of any kind with respect to such Feedback and will be free to reproduce, use, disclose, exhibit, display, transform, create derivative works and distribute the Feedback to others without limitation. Further, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such Feedback for any purpose whatsoever, for developing, manufacturing and marketing products and services incorporating such Feedback.
5. Trademarks
5.1
The trademarks, logos, characters and service marks (collectively “Trademarks”) displayed on this website belongs to  Merrill J. Fernando & Sons (Private) Limited . Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on this website. Your use/misuse of the Trademarks displayed on this website, or on any other content on this website, except as provided for in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You are also advised that Merrill J Fernando & Sons (Private) Limited will vigorously enforce its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
6. Indemnification
6.1
You agree to indemnify and hold the Company, its subsidiaries, employees and agents harmless against any damages or claims including reasonable attorneys’ fees brought about by your violation of these terms and conditions.
7. Written Communication
7.1
Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our site, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by e-mail or provide you with information by posting notices on our website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices, information and other communications that we provide to you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
8. Complaints
8.1
If you have any complaint about our service or product, we would very much like to hear from you. Please e-mail us at info@dilmahtea.com or call us on +94114822000 from 9am to 5pm (Sri Lanka Standard Time, UTC+05.30) Monday to Friday (except for Public Bank Holidays in Sri Lanka.).
9. Termination
9.1
We reserve the right, without notice and in our sole and absolute discretion, to discontinue, suspend or terminate any service offered by or through this Website as well as this Website at any time. For example, if your server is involved in any attack on any computer system, either with or without your knowledge or complicity, that server may be blocked or its access to the Website may be shut down or restricted while the problem is being investigated or fixed. All provisions of these Terms of Use which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, disclaimers, indemnities and limitations of liability.
10. Privacy Policy
10.1
Company welcomes any queries you may have and wish to inform you that we will only use the information you provide for limited purposes. This will be to help you with any of your queries or to keep you informed of any changes. If you have requested information in any paper or electronic format we may use your information to send you these materials which shall pertain to the areas depicted on our website. We may also provide you with brochures or literature for your personal use and these cannot be used for any purpose other than your personal use without the express permission of the Company.
10.2
Please do not send in any personal information if you do not wish it to be used as herein mentioned. Our Privacy Policy may be varied by us at our sole discretion from time to time and cannot be extended beyond the areas mentioned herein.
11. Applicable Law
11.1
The Applicable Law relating to the content, access and use of this website is that of Sri Lanka. Use of this website indicates your irrevocable and unconditional consent to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Sri Lanka.
11.2
With respect to any dispute regarding the site, all rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by these terms and conditions shall be governed by the laws of Sri Lanka as if the Terms and conditions were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within Sri Lanka. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the site shall be referred to arbitration in accordance with the rules of the Sri Lanka, by sole arbitrator, and the Arbitration proceedings shall be held in English Language.
12. Miscellaneous
12.1
These terms and conditions constitute the entire understanding between you and Company that govern the use of this website and supersede all other oral, written, electronic communications; and neither party has the power to bind the other.Downloading software from this site is at your own risk and Company will not be responsible for any virus, malware, damage to your computer system or loss of data as a result of the download of any content of this site.
12.2
Under no circumstances shall Company be liable for any damage or loss tangible or intangible, contractual or delictual arising out of your access to this site.
12.3
If any provision herein shall for any reason be deemed void or unenforceable, then that portion shall be deemed severable from these clauses, and the remaining portion shall remain valid and enforceable.
12.4
Products and prices could be respectively subject to temporary unavailability and/or change and you are requested to send in your specific queries via electronic inquiry or contact Company on any of the contact numbers given on this website, for prompt clarification.
Copyright ©
2017 Dilmah Ceylon Tea Company PLC. All rights reserved.
Website Design, Development & Hosting by eBEYONDS
Your Consent to our Privacy and Cookie Policy
We use cookies that help to increase the performance of our website to serve you better, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. Click ACCEPT to give your consent to accept our cookies and start browsing the site or click to see detailed descriptions of Privacy Policy.
Accept