https://www.humangivens.com/publications/help/how-to-order/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Publications / Useful information / How to order
How to order
Online
It is easy to order our wide range of publications online using a valid credit or debit card via our secure server. (All transactions are processed in UK sterling.)
To select the product you would like to order simply place the products you would like in the online shopping basket (you will be asked to login if you haven’t already done so to complete your order) and proceed to the ‘checkout’ via the basket when you have finished your selection.
If you can’t find the product you are looking for via the drop down menus above, you can also use our quick search facility to look for publications that feature a particular subject, such as depression, or name of an author.
Once you have completed your selection of the items you would like to order, simply follow the instructions as you proceed through the shopping basket stages. Postage and packing charges are calculated and shown on your order total.
By Phone
Credit/debit card orders are also welcomed for sales over the telephone simply call +44 (0)1323 811662 with your details.
Office hours are 9.00am to 5.30pm Monday to Friday (GMT).
Discounts
To use a coupon code, click to view your basket. Enter the coupon code and select “update basket”. Your discount will be applied and you can proceed to the checkout.
Discounts are available for bulk orders. Please call or write for terms for orders of 50 copies or more of a single product: phone +44 (0)1323 811662 or email us at: info@humangivens.com
You may like
Diploma linked
1-day workshop
How to lift depression
Discover the easy-to-learn psychological techniques and key insights that lift depression quickly, even in the severest cases ... this workshop saves lives
£192.00
View course
Diploma linked
Online course
Understanding Anxiety
– and managing it without drugs: Essential information – discover the quickest, most effective ways to reduce all sorts of anxiety and help people take back control of their lives
£159.00
View course
Human Givens
The new approach to emotional health and clear thinking:  the seminal book about the human givens approach, it contains a rich body of psychological knowledge that will strike a chord with any lively mind...
£14.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 10 customer ratings
View product
Digital download
Relax
...using your own innate resources to let go of pent-up stress and negative emotion: Just find some time, and somewhere quiet, play it and feel the day’s stress and tension drain away. Every time you hear it you will absorb more of the wisdom it contains.
£6.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 2 customer ratings
View product
Subscribe today
Journal subscription
Keep up-to-date with developments by subscribing to the liveliest, most thought-provoking, peer-reviewed magazine about psychology, human behaviour and mental health... it's pure content - no Ads!
£38.00
View product
Just Looking
Upstream and downstream:  A collection of Pat Williams’ columns from the HG Journal.  Each topic is a gem of brilliant writing from a master storyteller. By turns delightful, thought provoking and funny it's packed with stories and observations about life’s vagaries.
£11.99
Rated 5.00 out of 5 based on 4 customer ratings
View product
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.