http://www.harborsweets.com/privacy-policy
DUE TO UNPRECEDENTED DEMAND, DELIVERY TIMES MAY BE LONGER THAN USUAL.
Wholesale Info
To Order:   1-800-243-2115
8AM - 8PM ETCustomer Service:   1-800-234-4860   M-F
9AM - 5PM
Since 1973
My Account
$0.00
View cart
Our Brands
Harbor Sweets
Dark Horse Chocolates
Salt & Ayre
Gather
Cocoa Santé
Our Chocolate
Buttercrunch
Assorted Chocolates
Caramel & Nuts
Dark Chocolate
Milk Chocolate
Exquisite Truffles
Salted Chocolates
Sauces & Toppings
Gluten Free
Gift Ideas
By Price
Best Sellers
Logo Wear
Holiday
Party Favors
Ready Made Favors
Personalization
E-Gifts
Business Gifts
About Us
Harbor Sweets Retail Store
Retail Partners
40+ Years of History
Supporting Our Community
Remembering Our Founder
Home/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Jump to Terms and Conditions
This website ("Harborsweets.com") is owned and operated by Harbor Sweets, Inc. Harbor Sweets recognizes the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers ("Customers"), registered account holders and other website users (collectively "Users"). We have posted this privacy policy ("Policy") to describe our practices regarding the collection and use of information from Users.
This Policy was last amended on 2/14/14. We may update this Policy from time to time, so we invite you to review this page periodically. When we make changes, we may send an e-mail to you or notify you the next time you log-in, and we will post the updated Policy on this web page. All changes will go into effect on the date that is listed in our Policy. The new Policy will apply to all past and current users of Harborsweets.com and will replace any prior Policies. By using this website, you consent to the terms of this Policy.
Note: You must be 18 years or older to register as a Member or use Harborsweets.com.
1. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect the following information about you in various ways, including when you register an account, make purchases, and when you visit our website or social media sites:
If you choose to become a Member, we collect your name, address, phone number, email address, username, password, and birth date. We also collect the names, addresses, and phone numbers of those persons whom you add to your personal address book as a Member.
If you shop with us via Harborsweets.com, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, billing information including credit card number and expiration date as well as the names, addresses and phone numbers of gift recipients (if any). We use your name, address, phone number, billing information/credit card information to process your order or as otherwise described in this Policy.
If you visit our Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or other social media pages, we may collect information you submit or make publicly available.
We also collect any information you submit to us when you participate in our promotions.
We also collect information automatically using technology when you visit our website or social media pages or when you open one of our e-mails.
2. HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you have requested and as described in this Policy. The email address you provide is used for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order. In addition, Harbor Sweets may contact you via email or regular mail to keep you up-to-date on the latest Harborsweets.com news or to send you our latest catalog. Also, we may rent, share, sell or exchange your email or postal address with third parties, who may contact you regarding their products or services that we think may be of interest to you. If you would like to opt out of receiving mailings from Harbor Sweets or our third parties, please contact customer service at Customerservice@Harborsweets.com or call us at (800) 234-4860 Monday through Friday from 9 am to 5 pm EST. Additionally, gift recipients may, from time to time, receive our latest catalog as well as offers from us regarding new products and services that we think may be of interest to them.
In certain instances we may disclose your personally identifiable information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to enforce this Policy, the terms of use that govern Harborsweets.com, to otherwise manage our business, or to bring legal action against persons or entities who may be causing injury to you, Harbor Sweets or others. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we believe the law requires it. In the event of a merger, consolidation or sale or transfer of our company or its assets, it is possible that User information collected will be transferred to the purchaser or the new company.
3. COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND JAVASCRIPT
Harbor Sweets uses automatic tracking technologies, including "cookies" and clear gifs (or “web beacons”). These small files are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Harbor Sweets, and service providers acting on our behalf, may place cookies and web beacons on your computer for the purpose of understanding how Users utilize Harborsweets.com, to track purchases and other website information, and to help measure the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns. Web beacons may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. Cookies also allow Members to save time during checkout in return visits. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but they should also allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. You may use the Help feature on your browser to find information on how to manage, restrict, or prevent the use of cookies. Please note that if you disable cookies certain aspects of Harborsweets.com will not function properly, such as the shopping bag. We also use "web beacons" in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to track the effectiveness of certain communications as well as the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. ‘If you would like to opt-out of these emails please contact customer service at’ Customerservice@Harborsweets.com or call us at (800) 234-4860 Monday through Friday from 9 am to 5 pm EST. Note that if you delete your cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
4. PROMOTIONS
Harborsweets.com sometimes includes notices of promotions we are conducting, and we may permit you to enter electronically in some cases. If that occurs, we will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion and for any other purpose for which we might use information about you collected through this website.
5. MARKET RESEARCH
From time to time, Harbor Sweets may also contact you via email, postal mail or phone to conduct questionnaires and surveys. Survey information is treated like all of the information we collect.
6. ACCESS TO & CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION
You may choose to: (1) stop receiving promotional materials by mail, phone, or email; (2) update or correct your personal information; or (3) disable your account. To carry out any of these choices:
A Member can access, review and/or correct all of their personally identifiable information that was provided to us online by logging into their Account and accessing the My Account section.
If a Member wishes to have their account disabled, the Member can send an email with this request to customerservice@Harborsweets.com. Please include your name, the email address associated with the account and the following message: “I would like to disable my Harborsweets.com website account.”
You may unsubscribe from marketing emails from us or our mail order catalog by contacting customer service at Customerservice@Harborsweets.com or call us at (800) 234-4860 Monday through Friday from 9 am to 5 pm EST.
Please note that removal from our postal lists may take up to 6 to 8 weeks to be effective.
You may send us an email at Customerservice@Harborsweets.com or write to us at Customer Service, Harbor Sweets, 85 Leavitt Street, Salem, MA 01970. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing, and your requested changes. We will make the changes you request or provide an explanation of what actions we will be able to make in response to your request.
Harbor Sweets may disclose your personal information to third parties for their use in marketing to you unless you tell us not to. In order to opt out of our third party mailings, please email us at Customerservice@Harborsweets.com or write to us at Customer Service, Harbor Sweets, 85 Leavitt Street, Salem, MA 01970.
7. LIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE ASSISTANCE
Harbor Sweets offers Users live customer service assistance. Information you provide during a call may be used to assist with your inquiry, as well as for any purpose permitted under the Policy. Calls may be recorded for quality assurance and training purposes.
8. THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS
Harbor Sweets sometimes employs other companies and individuals to perform services for us. For example, we hire agencies to deliver orders you place, and to provide customer service. We may share your personally identifiable information with these parties, who have agreed to hold this information in confidence, not use it for any purpose except to carry out the requested service, and honor Harbor Sweets’ privacy and security policies in the way this information is handled.
9. SECURITY
Harbor Sweets takes your privacy and security seriously. For this reason we work to establish technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access or use of personal information. We cannot, however, guarantee the security of any information you send to us and you do so at your own risk.
Members are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their password and account. Members are responsible for activities that occur under their account and should immediately notify Harbor Sweets of any unauthorized use of their account.
10. OTHER SITES
This website may contain links to websites operated by other companies. Harbor Sweets is not responsible for the policies and practices of those third party sites. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the other sites you visit.
11. CONTACTING HARBOR SWEETS
If you have any questions about our Policy, you can e-mail us at Customerservice@Harborsweets.com or write to us at Customer Service, Harbor Sweets, 85 Leavitt Street, Salem, MA 01970.We'll be happy to answer your questions or hear your concerns.
Harbor Sweets Terms and Conditions ("Agreement")
This Agreement was last modified on March 04, 2014.
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using https://www.harborsweets.com ("the Site") operated by Harbor Sweets, Inc. ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at https://www.harborsweets.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual PropertyThe Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Harbor Sweets, Inc. and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
TerminationWe may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other SitesOur Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Harbor Sweets, Inc..
Harbor Sweets, Inc. has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing LawThis Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Massachusetts, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This AgreementWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
Follow us
Sign up to Receive Exclusive Offers and Updates