http://www.versatrue.com/privacy-policy
You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.
Breadcrumb
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. When you provide information to us via our Web site, we protect it according to this policy. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let us know.
Who Is a Typical User of the Gamber-Johnson Web Site?
Gamber-Johnson operates primarily as a provider of business-to-consumer services. Unlike many companies and Web sites, we do not focus on consumer users or the collection of consumer data. To the extent we collect information online, our purpose is to better serve our business clients and their employees.
What Information Do We Collect Online?
Unless otherwise stated in another, more specific policy on the Web pages you are viewing, we collect the following types of information when you browse www.gamberjohnson.com or any other Gamber-Johnson Web site:
Information you provide directly, such as your name or ordering information when you register or make an online order, or any chat room postings or e-mail messages you send us;
The Web pages your Internet browser visits;
Aggregate data, such as the number of hits per week, per Web page.
How Do We Use This Information?
Gamber-Johnson does not rent or sell customer lists to other companies. Instead, we use information collected via the Web site in the following ways:
For information you provide directly, such as ordering information or e-mail messages, we use the information to respond to your orders and requests.
For some registration and use data, we may direct you to particular Web pages, customize the Web pages you see, or otherwise increase the relevance of the information you access through the Web site.
For information about Web pages visited, page hits per week, and the like, we use this information internally to improve the design of our Web pages.
Gamber-Johnson may use third-party storage or service-provider companies to perform some functions including the processing of data.
Gamber-Johnson may disclose information to protect our rights or property, to enforce our terms of use and legal notices, as required or permitted by law, or at the request of government regulators or other law enforcement officials and the courts (including the issuance of a valid subpoena). We shall have no duty to notify you of such compliance with the law.
E-Mail Lists
Gamber-Johnson maintains e-mail lists to keep interested parties informed about our company, events, products, support, and more. We do not sell the addresses on our list, but we may make information available to specific business partners, sponsors, or service providers.
Users may voluntarily request to join our mailing lists by signing up or opting in through a form on our Web site. To be removed from a Gamber-Johnson mailing list, simply contact us now.
Notification of Data Processing in the United States of America
When you choose to submit information through the Web site, Gamber-Johnson and its affiliates may transfer, process and store the information in countries in which Gamber-Johnson and its affiliates maintain offices, including the United States. The United States does not regulate data protection in the same manner as other countries, including the Member States of the European Union. Accordingly, the data that you submit to Gamber-Johnson may be transferred to, processed, or stored in countries where the data protection laws are different than those of your country of residence.
Information Storage and Updates
You can update your contact information by contacting us at any time. We may keep all information in an off-line form, for archival purposes or as otherwise required by law.
Web Site Revisions
We constantly update the features of our Web site to better serve you and all our customers, so this policy may also be revised from time to time. Gamber-Johnson may modify this policy without advance notice and any modifications are effective when they are posted here. By using our Web site, you indicate your understanding and acceptance of the terms of the policy posted at the time of your use. If you have any questions, please contact us at your convenience.