http://www.martins-philatelie.com/privacy.html
Home
FRANCE
France
Postage
Airpost
Miniature-Sheets
Postage Due
Precancelled
Officials
Complete Year Sets
Booklets
Self-adhesive
Personalized
Military Frank
Other issues
ANDORRA FR.
MONACO
MEMEL
REUNION (CFA)
SAAR
NOVELTIES
GERMANY
Germany
German Empire
Until 1923
Weimar
3rd Reich
World War I, Memel
Plebiscite, Danzig
World War II
Allied Occupation
Britisch-am., Zone
French zone
Russian zone
Local issues
Saar
GFR - Berlin - GDR
Federal Rep. (GFR)
Compl. Year Sets
Berlin with
Compl. Year Sets
Democratic Rep. (GDR)
Compl. Year Sets
OTHER COUNTRIES
Austria
Austrian Empire
Republic 1922-37
After 1945 with
Complete Year Sets
Switzerland
Switzerland, with
Miniature-Sheets and Airpost
Complete Year Sets
Intern. Organisations
Liechtenstein
Liechtenstein, with
Miniature-Sheets and Airpost
Postage Due and Officials
Complete Year Sets
SPECIAL OFFERS
Stamp Packets
France and Germany
Europe, Africa
America, Asia, Australia
Topical Stamp Packets
Bargains
France
Germany
Other Countries
Topicals
Privacy Policy
The protection of your private data is taken very seriously and one of the priorities of MARTINS PHILATELIE !
Our websites are protected against any possible damage or deterioration that could occur. During the collection and usage of your personal data, Martins Philatelie strictly respects the provision of European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) from 2018 as well as the provision of a declaration relating to data protection at the “Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés” CNIL (National Commission for Data Protection and Liberties).
You can visit our websites without having to communicate your personal data. Once you communicate your personal data to us, those are collected, used and saved according to the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)of 2018. The information that we collect help us personalise and continuously improve your buying experience with Martins Philatelie. We use these information for statistical purposes in order to improve our shop and to present you our most pertinent offers according to the following protocol: name of the accessed file, date and hour of the visit, data volume transmitted, name of the internet browser, internet service provider and IP address of the respective computer. The personal data is only collected if the customer has asked for it, if the customer has registered on the website or if the authorisation via the internet browser has been given.
Our websites use small files called “cookies”. These connection witnesses are temporarily created on your hard drive. They facilitate the browsing and considerably improve the conviviality of the website. Cookies are generally saved temporarily and deleted after the end of the visit on our websites. Only cookies saved on your computer are identified and can transfer information for the automatic recognition of your saved IP-address. Most of the internet browsers automatically accept the use of cookies. You can nevertheless oppose the saving of cookies on the hard drive of your computer by activating the respective option in your internet browser. By doing so, the performance of our website would be limited.
When you provide your personal data to Martins Philatelie via the registration from on our website (for example during the registration process as a new client), we use the information in order to process your order, ship the products, deal with the payments and communicate to you information related to your order, products and offers. Personal data shall not be communicated to a third party without prior explicit authorisation, unless it is necessary for the conclusion of the contract, for example during the shipment of the goods. We will only disclose your data to governmental authorities in cases where it is imperatively required by law.
At any time and free of charge, you may ask to consult your personal information contained in our files in order to verify its accuracy and extent, in so far as the legal disposition on data collection does not object.
Search
> Advanced search
Login / Registration
Your email / Customer ID
Password
Daily gift
50 different stamps RWANDA
today for FREE with your order
Secure payment
Credit card only charged when ready to ship
Fast shipment
IMMEDIATE SHIPMENT AND ALWAYS FULLY INSURED
Lexicon
See our philatelic dictionary
×