https://www.perrets.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology.
Privacy Statement
Our Privacy PolicyContacting Us If you have any questions about the following information, or any aspect of our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at: Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores 2514 Williams Blvd. Kenner, LA 70062.
504-466-2532 Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We sometimes collect personal information from our users. This Web page explains what information we collect, why we collect it, what we do with it and what you can do about it. Collection of Personal Information Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores maintains the confidentiality, security and integrity of personal information that we obtain from our users. We do not disclose personal information to any party except to our credit card company for the purpose of conducting sales transactions. We never sell users e-mail addresses, personal information or IP addresses. Our site uses order forms and registration forms for users to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (like users e-mail addresses, names, telephone numbers and mailing addresses) and financial information (like account or credit card numbers) through these forms. Contact information from the forms is used to send orders to our customers, to send information about our products and services and for the purposes of record keeping. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Stop Receiving Mail section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. We sometimes contact by telephone users who have ordered products or services from us with information regarding their order. About IP Addresses Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to prevent credit card fraud. Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores will never report these IP addresses to a third party. An IP address is a number thats automatically assigned to your computer whenever youre surfing the Web. Web servers -- the big computers that "serve" up Web pages -- automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When guests request pages from Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores, our servers may log the users IP addresses. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that a users session will be logged, but the user remains anonymous to us. Use of Cookies Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individuals hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard; you will find them at most major Web sites. Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores sometimes uses cookies to track certain information for our users convenience. Links to Other Sites You should be aware that when you are on Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from our site that take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Always be aware of where you end up on the Web. Security The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of our users financial information from their computers to our servers, utilizing encryption software. Only those employees who need access to our users information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution. How to Stop Receiving Mail from Us If you do not want to receive e-mail or occasional mailings from us, you can let us know by sending us an email message or by calling us at 504-466-2532. Correct or Update Information If you would like to correct or update information that you have previously provided us with, you can let us know by ending us an email message or by calling us at 504-466-2532.  Or you can send mail to the following postal address: Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores 2514 Williams Blvd. Kenner, LA 70062. Your Acceptance of These Terms By using this site, you signify your assent to the Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Your continued use of our site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Contacting Us If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: Perrets Army & Outdoor Stores 2514 Williams Blvd. Kenner, LA 70062.
504-466-2532
Copyright © 2020 Perret's & Perret's Men's Wear, Inc.| Founded in 1926
LINKS×