https://www.hearusa.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
HearUSA, INC. WEBSITE STATEMENT OF PRIVACY
HearUSA, Inc. (“HearUSA”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. HearUSA provides this Statement of Privacy to inform you of our privacy policies, practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and how the information is used. We’ve structured our websites so that, in general, you can visit HearUSA on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. We make this notice readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every HearUSA web page.
Sites covered by this Statement of Privacy
This Statement of Privacy applies to your use of all of the sites and services owned or operated by HearUSA, Inc. and affiliated companies (collectively “we,” “us,” or “our”), including www.necp.com, www.hearx.com, www.helixhca.com, and any other site that we have owned or operated, do own and operate or may own or operate in the future (collectively, the “Sites”). Unless we say otherwise, all references to the Sites in these terms and conditions include all such Sites. This Statement of Privacy does not apply to your use of unaffiliated sites to which any of the Sites link.
Links to non-HearUSA Websites
The Sites may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. If you access these links, you will leave the HearUSA website. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. The personal data you choose to provide to unrelated third party websites is not covered by the HearUSA Statement of Privacy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and procedures of any website before submitting your personal information. Some third-party websites may choose to share the information you provide with HearUSA; that sharing is governed by that third-party’s website statement of privacy.
Types of Information We Collect
This Statement of Privacy covers personal information, non-personal data collections and aggregate reporting.
Personal Information is information that is associated with your personal identity. HearUSA uses personal information to better understand your needs, interests and to provide you with better products and services. Once you choose to provide us with personal information, you can be assured it will be used only to support your customer relationship with HearUSA. We take seriously the trust you place in us. HearUSA will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to any third-party.
On some of the Sites, you can order products or services, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register yourself or your HearUSA products, or apply for a job at HearUSA. The types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, telephone number, email address, user IDs, billing and transaction information, credit card information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, and job interest data.
To personalize our websites, services and or communications and improve our products and services, we may also ask you to provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, and experiences with our products and services. Providing this additional information is optional.
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not associated with a specific identity. HearUSA collects and analyzes non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use the HearUSA websites.
Aggregate data we collect may include pages visited on the Sites, unique URLs visited within the Sites, browser type and IP address. Most non-personal data is collected via cookies or other analysis technologies. The Sites use cookies, Web beacons and other technologies for data analysis and personalization services.
Child Privacy
The Sites are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. The Sites do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and the Sites do not target its websites to children under 13.
How We Use Your Information
HearUSA uses your personal information to provide you with services and to help better understand your needs and interests. Specifically, we use your information to help you complete a transaction or order, to communicate with you, to provide services and support, to update you on services and benefits, to personalize promotional offers and to personalize the Sites. Occasionally we may also use your information to contact you for market research regarding HearUSA products and services. We will give you full control of these opportunities. You will be allowed to choose your privacy preferences regarding such communications (see Section 7, “Your Privacy Preferences and Opting Out”). Credit card information is collected only to facilitate our financial service providers’ credit decisions and will be shared with them only with your permission. Credit card information and sensitive personal data are not used for any other purposes by our financial services providers or the Sites and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your information for future use.
Personal data collected online may also be combined with information you provide HearUSA through other sources such as product registration, call centers or public events such as trade shows or seminars. Personal data given to HearUSA may be transferred across state and county borders for the purposes of data consolidation, storage and simplified customer information management.
Non-personal data is aggregated for reporting about the Sites usability, performance and effectiveness. It is used to improve the customer experience, usability and site content.
Who We Share Your Information With
HearUSA will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others. HearUSA will not share your personal information with third parties except in responding to your request for products and services. Your permission will be requested when you submit your information. HearUSA shares customer information across HearUSA owned business entities and companies working on our behalf, but only as described above in “How We Use Your Information” in Section 5.
HearUSA contracts with third-party service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions described in “How We Use Your Information.” Suppliers and service providers are required to keep confidential the information received on behalf of HearUSA and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for HearUSA. These service providers may change or we may contract with additional service providers to better accommodate our customers. HearUSA will not share personal information with any other third parties without your permission, unless required by law enforcement action, subpoena, or local law.
HearUSA or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity or some or all of their respective assets could be acquired. If such a combination or acquisition occurs, HearUSA will make every reasonable effort to notify you in the event we share with the merging or acquiring entity some or all of your personal information to continue serving you.
Your Choices
HearUSA gives you the choice of receiving a variety of information that complements our products and services. You can subscribe to receive certain product- and service-specific information and HearUSA-wide marketing communications. HearUSA-wide communications may include new product information, special offers, or an invitation to participate in market research.
Your Privacy Preference
HearUSA will not use your personal information for a different purpose other than the one stated when you provided said data. You can choose to receive these types of subscription communications by writing to the HearUSA Web Resources Office, specifying your privacy preferences — be sure to provide your name, email and postal address in all correspondence.
Your Information and Third-Party Companies
Certain HearUSA services are linked with those unrelated third-party companies, some which offer you the option to share with both HearUSA and the third party personal data you provide. Examples include the ability to request communications from HearUSA marketing or solution partners. We will not share your personal information with those third-party companies unless you make that choice.
Access To and Accuracy of Your Information
HearUSA strives to keep your personal information accurate. We have implemented technology management processes and policies to maintain customer data accuracy. We will provide you access to your information, including making reasonable effort to provide you with online access and the opportunity to your information. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. Certain areas of the Sites may limit access to specific individuals through use of passwords and other personal identifiers.
Keeping Your Information Secure
HearUSA is committed to protecting the information you provide us. To prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, HearUSA has in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data such as credit card information. SSL encryption is designed to make the information unreadable by anyone but us. This security measure is working when you see either the symbol of an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser agent) on the bottom of your browser agent window.
Credit card numbers are used only for processing payment and are not used for other purposes, as part of real-time payment processing.
Changes to this Statement
If there are updates to the terms of HearUSA’s Statement of Privacy, we will post those changes and update the revision date in this document, so you will always know what information we collect online, how we use it, and what choices you have. For material changes to this Statement, HearUSA will provide notification to affected customers.
Contacting Us
We value your opinions. If you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, please send them to HearUSA, Inc., Web Resources, 10455 Riverside Drive, Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410.
Call 844-339-1726 for your FREE hearing screening
HearUSA
Hearing Help
Hearing Help OverviewWhat to ExpectInstant Hearing EvaluationAsk a Professional Back
LocationsHearing AidsHearing Loss
Hearing Loss OverviewHearing Health FAQHearing Loss FactsGlossary of Hearing Terms Back
Search