http://www.grandflags.com/policy.php
Welcome to.....
products | categories | order status | checkout
Home
Custom Orders
Order Status
Search
Cart
so
Shop by Product
Canada Day
Decorative Flags
Garden & Decor
Canadian Flags
International Flags
Poles & Hardware
Other Flags
Merchandise
ON SALE
Garden Flags 12x18
House Flags 28X40
Welcome
Spring and Summer
Fall and Thanksgiving
Winter and Christmas
Flowers
Animals
Beach and Cottage
Birds
Celebrations
Easter
Valentines
St Patricks Day
Other Garden Flags
Sale, Sale, Sale
Garden Flag
Stands
Welcome
Spring and Summer
Fall and Thanksgiving
Winter and Christmas
Flowers
Animal
Beach and Cottage
Birds
Celebrations
Easter
Valentines
St Patricks Day
Other House Flags
Sale Sale Sale
Decor Pole/Access.
Floor Mats
Mailbox Covers
Yard Design
Windsocks R
Spring and Summer
Fall and Winter
Spring and Summer
Fall and Winter
Canadian Flags 18x36
Canadian Flags 27x54
Canadian Stick Flags
Canadian Car Flags
Canadian Other Small
Large Canada Flags
XLarge Canada Flags
Canada Provincial
Other Canada
Canadian Flags 36x72
Canadian Flags Grand
Ontario Flags
Provincial Flags
Canadian Pins
Pennant Strings
USA Flags
Scottish Flags
Union Jack
Stick Flags
Flags of the World
International Pins
Other Popular Flags
Pennant Strings
Hardware
Yard Poles & Parts
Porch Poles
Display - Indoor
Parade
NHL & Sport Flags
Novelty Flags
Pirate Flags
Business Flags
Toronto Maple Leafs
NHL Stick Flags
NHL Car Flags
NHL Flags & Banners
Mohawk Flags
Additional Sports
Sports Collectables
Specials
Decorative Flag Sale
Garden Flag Sale
Monthly Special
Bargain Buys
Your Cart
Shopping cart
0 Product(s) in cart
Discounts CDN$ 0.00
Total CDN$ 0.00
» Checkout
Quick links
Gift certificates
Delivery FAQ
Returns policy
Privacy policy
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Grand Flags is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (the phrase "contact information" means any information by which you can be contacted, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of, the information. By using any of our web sites or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Grand Flags agrees to honor customers' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers and customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations by Grand Flags.
Collecting Information About You
There may be times when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.
Using Information About You
We use your contact information for internal purposes only, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration; analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics; informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and providing you with other information from and about Grand Flags. We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
Opting Out Of Marketing , Updating and deleting information about you.
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive email newsletters, call us at
519 846 0088 or email us at info@grandflags.com.
Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us please contact us the same way.
•	Grand Flags collects online information for the sole purpose of serving you more efficiently, and making your online shopping experience more enjoyable.
•	Please be assured that our policy is to never sell customer information to an outside party
•	Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13 without first requesting verifiable parental consent.
•	Grand Flags wants to ensure you are always satisfied with our services, and our relationship with our users is paramount to our success. In an ongoing effort to create a hospitable environment for you and all our users.
We hope your online experience with us is positive and rewarding
Garden Flags
Decorative Flags
Canadian Flags
International Flags
Quick links...
Contact Us
About us
Checkout
Shipping Information
Tell me more?
About us
About Our Flags
Decorative Flag FAQ
Flag Care
Need some help?
Custom Orders
Gift certificates
Order Status
Contact us
Connect with us...
Email Us
Phone: 519 846 0088