https://www.cbperformanceparts.com/terms-and-conditions/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Call Us: (847) 662-5916
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Services
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Blog
Gallery
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Categories
Exhaust
Signs and Trail Markers
Snowmobile Accessories
Track Templates
OEM Parts
Studs and Backers
Roetin Products
Studboy Products
Woody's Products
Performance Stud Stars
Carbide Runners
Woody's
Camso Tracks
Cross-Country Tracks
Mountain Tracks
Racing Tracks
Touring Tracks
Trail Tracks
Utility Tracks
93" Tracks (Youth)
114" Tracks
116" Tracks
120" Tracks
121" Tracks
128" Tracks
129" Tracks
136" Tracks
137" Tracks
139" Tracks
141" Tracks
144" Tracks
146" Tracks
150" Tracks
151" Tracks
153" Tracks
154" Tracks
156" Tracks
159" Tracks
162" Tracks
163" Tracks
165" Tracks
174" Tracks
175" Tracks
Engine Components & Ignition
Spark Plugs
Apparel
Helmets
Clutching and Drives
Belts
Yamaha Helixes
Suspensions
Front Suspension
Rear Suspension
Body Accessories
Aluminum Steering Spindles
Snowmobile Skis
Slides
Sale
Popular Brands
Camoplast Woody's Voss Signs NGK SPI Roetin CB Performance Parts GMAX Camso Carlisle
See all brands
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomeTerms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
CB Performance Parts Terms and Conditions ("Agreement")
This Agreement was last modified on November 04, 2013.
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Agreement", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using www.cbperformanceparts.com ("the Site") operated by CB Performance Parts ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at www.cbperformanceparts.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual PropertyThe Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by CB Performance Parts and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
TerminationWe may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other SitesOur Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by CB Performance Parts.
CB Performance Parts has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing LawThis Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois, USA, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This AgreementWe reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms and Conditions by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms and Conditions.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact UsIf you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 CB Performance Parts.
Sitemap |
Shopping Cart Software by BigCommerce
Connect with us: Facebook
Visit us on Google+