http://www.surviveyourgrief.com/privacy-policy
How to Survive Your Grief
I take your privacy and security seriously. I always have and I always will.
To better protect your privacy I provide this notice to explain my online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Personal Data I Collect and Why.
What little personal information this site collects is collected to better serve you. If you’re a client I need to know how to reach you so I can deliver what I’ve promised. If you’re interested in what I have to offer, I need your information to send you free stuff and to offer you opportunities to further our relationship.
You are welcome to visit this site as well as my Facebook page without giving me any personal information at all. If you choose to interact further we do need to collect some information so we can, in fact, interact.
Personal information will be shared with me when you choose to interact with me in the following ways:
• My list service provider is MailChimp. If you share your email address with me via a form on this website (or another platform like Facebook), it will be to send you what I offered to send you. MailChimp keeps a secure record of the information you give me and I keep a secure backup. Your information is just for my use and will never be shared or sold. You can access your account settings or unsubscribe at anytime by following the link at the bottom of every email.
• If you make a purchase, I will collect your name, address, phone number and any other information necessary to complete the transaction. All direct purchases are completed using the EJUNKIE shopping cart and PayPal who is responsible for storing your credit card information and keeping it secure. I have no access to your credit card info. Purchases through other sites such as Amazon.com are subject to their own privacy policies.
• Likes and Sharing: I use various social sharing plugins so that you can like and share my content. These also connect directly to your accounts in the social networks your participate in but they might also transmit non-personal information like your IP address (see below).
How Your Personal Information is Used
For the most part, I use what data I do collect to serve you. Understanding more about you also helps me identify and reach out to more people like you because those are the people I want to serve.
With that in mind, I may use your information to find you and people like you on other platforms (primarily Facebook).
Cookies
This site uses cookies which are small text files placed on your device to help me make your experience using this site better. Cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymous tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. Generally, cookies will make your browsing experience better. If you do not want this site to use cookies you can, and have always been able to, control that use by opting out in your own browser settings.
Pixel tags may be used on this site.
Pixel tags collect anonymous information. A pixel tag knows only that a device has gone to a certain site which allows me to see larger patterns and trends. It has no way of collecting or transmitting any personal data about the person using that device.
Anonymous Data
Your IP address is an anonymous piece of data shared by all site visitors. In addition to cookies and pixel tags cited above, your IP address is used by the following services for security, content creation and marketing purposes.
Your browser may also send anonymized information about the type of browser, what kind of device, and which ISP you are using as well as your general location.
• Google Analytics helps me spot general trends of use on my site.
• Facebook Pixel Tracking helps me target ads to like minded people on that platform via IP address not email.
• My Hosting Account  keeps server logs in order to maintain security and stop bot attacks.
• Facebook Groups and Pages provide me with user data but do not connect that data with any particular person.
• Amazon Web Services stores some content like pdf files and videos. Some anonymous information may be sent here.
Third Party Links
Throughout this site I often link to info and resources I hope you’ll enjoy. By clicking on those links you may be allowing those third party sites to collect or share your data for their own uses. I have no other relationship with these third party sites and I am not responsible for their privacy policies.
Contact me if you have any questions and I will be happy to address your concerns.
How to Survive Your Grief is also available in these versions...
©2007-2018 How to Survive Your Grief
All Rights Reserved
Privacy
This site uses cookies and similar technologies to ensure you
have the best possible experience and to help me understand how you use it. Continue Read MorePrivacy Policy