https://www.colop.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
1. Information about the controller of colop.com and contact data
colop.com is a website operated by COLOP-Stempelerzeugung Skopek Gesellschaft m.b.H. & Co. KG, Dr.-Arming-Straße 5, A-4600 Wels (“COLOP”). When accessing and using colop.com, data is collected and used which – as described in more detail below – may be data regarded as personal or affecting your privacy.
In this Privacy Policy we describe which data we collect during your visit on our website and the purpose for which we use the data collected. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before you consent to it and continue to use our website.
COLOP always collects, processes and uses the data in accordance with the statutory regulations in particular in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and the Austrian Telecommunications Act (Telekommunikationsgesetz) (TKG).
COLOP is the controller for the use and processing of your personal data within the meaning of GDPR. If you have questions concerning the protection and security of your data or wish to assert your rights and claims in connection with data privacy (for instance objecting to the use of your data or requesting correction of any data), please call +43 (0)7242/66 104 or send a fax to +43 (0)7242/46 664 or an e-mail to [javascript protected email address].
2. Collection and purposes of data processing
Every access to the website colop.com is logged by COLOP. Specifically, in particular the anonymized IP address is logged and stored to optimize the user friendliness of the website (see Clause 3 hereof).
Furthermore, COLOP collects data with respect to every access to the website for the purpose of creating server log files. The data collected in this context consists of the name of the relevant web page, date and time of access, data volume transmitted, information whether the web site has been successfully retrieved, browser type and version, operating system of user, the previously accessed web site, as well as the IP address and the requesting provider. We use this log file data solely for statistical purposes, namely the purposes of evaluating the operation and security and the optimization of our web site. We do however reserve the right to scrutinize log file data ex post, if and when we have a legitimate concern that our web site has been used in an illicit way.
In addition, COLOP processes the data provided by users or entered on colop.com for the purpose of contact, login and generating accounts if the user wants this. The following provides a detailed presentation of the individual data applications as well as details of the data stored:
2.1. Data processing for the purpose of making contact
COLOP offers users the option of getting in touch with COLOP using an online form: Users enter the required data in particular name, email address, country, company, phone number, address, business activity of company and message into an online form and transmit this to COLOP using an encrypted connection.
This data is stored by COLOP and used for the following purposes (the “purposes”): answering all queries and comments, processing the contact request.
By sending the online form (click on “Submit”) you give your express consent for the data to be processed and stored for the purposes as defined in Clause 2.1. In case your location is outside of Austria, you furthermore give your explicit consent to the transfer of the information provided to the local COLOP partner of your country for the purposes of answering your request and establishing contact. Depending on the specific content and scope of your request, this transfer may be necessary within the meaning of Article 49(1)(b) GDPR for the implementation of pre-contractual measures taken at the data subject’s request, in cases where the local COLOP partner can better and more purposeful answer your request. If the local COLOP partner is located in a third country, you are hereby informed of the possible risks of such transfer due to the absence of an adequacy decision and appropriate safeguards (inadequate data protection level in third countries).
You have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by calling +43 (0)7242/66 104, or sending a fax to +43 (0)7242/46 664 or an e-mail to [javascript protected email address].
2.2. Download via e-mail
COLOP furthermore offers the option of downloading files via an online form. You can either download a ZIP file or request the files to be sent to you via e-mail. In the latter case, we will process your e-mail address for the purpose of sending the e-mail and the documents requested. The e-mail address will be recorded for a period not longer than the statutory limitation period for liability claims in connection with pre-contractual declarations and will only be transferred to processors for the purposes of sending the e-mail.
3. Cookies
3.1 Use of cookies
Cookies are text files that are stored on your computer and enable COLOP to analyse in particular how you use our website. COLOP uses or places cookies in compliance with Union law and the Austrian legal position (Article 5 (3) E-Privacy-RL and Section 96 (3) Austrian Telecommunications Act (TKG) 2003).
colop.com needs to place cookies for correct functioning and in particular for saving users’ language preference and to make the functioning of the website more efficient.
Cookies are used or placed without your prior consent only in those cases where the sole purpose is the execution or transmission of a message via a communication network or if it is absolutely essential so that COLOP can provide the service of the information company that you expressly requested. In these cases, you can prevent the use of placement of cookies by making the relevant changes in your browser settings. However, you may not be able to utilise all the services of COLOP to the usual extent.
If cookies are used or placed that contain personal data or have privacy implications, COLOP will obtain your consent in advance by requiring you actively to read through the information on the purposes of the cookies used and to use our cookie banner to navigate to colop.com and give your consent to the placement of cookies.
Using a link in the cookie banner you have the option of obtaining further information on the individual cookies and to block the placement of all cookies using your browser’s settings.
Furthermore, you can disable the use of cookies on our website altogether, by clicking
Disable all Cookies
3.2 Third party cookies
If you visit a page on colop.com that contains embedded content (e.g. from YouTube), there may also be cookies stored on these web pages. The cookie settings of third parties are not controlled by us. We recommend therefore that you obtain information on the use of cookies from the respective web page.
3.3 Facebook Pixel, Facebook Custom Audiences and Facebook Conversion
Our website uses the remarketing function known as Facebook Pixel. Essentially, this function is provided by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA. To the best of our knowledge, users within the European Union are provided with this service by Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland.
The purpose of this remarketing function is to present visitors to this website with advertising that reflects the interests of the viewer (known as Facebook Ads or Instagram-Ads), provided that these people use the social network “Facebook” and/or the social network “Instagram”, create audience segments (Custom Audiences) and analyse the Facebook and Instagram users' response (Facebook Conversion). When called up at our end, the Facebook Pixel remarketing function embedded in this website establishes a direct connection to the servers on the Facebook social network and/or of the social network "Instagram". This communicates to the Facebook social network server and/or Instagram social network server that you have visited this page. Facebook and Instagram will then process this information, where necessary it may assign it to your Facebook account or Instagram account, and will then use it to generate interest-based advertising.
The legal basis for using the Facebook Pixel remarketing function is defined in Art 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR (legitimate interest) because we have a legitimate interest in the analysis of visitor behaviour which enables us to adapt our web offering and/or our advertising to suit the interests of visitors.
You do, however, have the option of opposing the use of this function. One way of doing this is to select the settings in Facebook and/or Instagram that define the types of ads displayed. Furthermore, you can disable the use of facebook cookies on our website altogether, by clicking
Facebook-Pixel is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable Facebook Pixel
For further information about the processing of your details by Facebook, please refer to the Facebook data privacy statement at https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
For further information about the processing of your details by Instagram, please refer to the Instagram data privacy statement at https://help.instagram.com/402411646841720.
3.4 Google Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service from Google Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses so-called ‘cookies’, text files that are stored on your computer and that allow the analysis of the use you make of our website. In particular, we have also enabled the use of demographic data by Google Analytics (Google Signals). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) is transmitted to a Google server in the USA and is stored there.
Because we have enabled IP anonymisation on our website, your IP address will first be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases is the full IP address sent to a Google server in the USA where it is then shortened.
Google will use this information to analyse how you use our website, to generate reports about website activities for the website operator, to compile demographic statistics relating to users of the website and to provide further services associated with the use of the website and of the internet. Google may pass on this information to third parties if this is legally required or if third parties process these data on behalf of Google.
If you wish to disable Google Analytics for all web pages, download and install the following browser add-on for your web browser: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on
If you wish for your visit to our website not to be tracked by Google Analytics:
Google-Analytics is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable Google-Analytics
Google-Optimize is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable Google-Optimize
3.5 Google Remarketing
Our website uses the remarketing function Google Remarketing from Google, Inc.
The purpose of this remarketing function is to present visitors to this website with advertising that reflects the interests of the viewer in the context of the Google advertising network. To do this, your browser stores what are known as ‘cookies’ on our terminal device. These enable the Google advertising network to recognise visitors when they call up a website. Google then processes this information and uses it to generate interests-based advertising.
The legal basis for using the Google Remarketing function is defined in Art 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR (legitimate interest) because we have a legitimate interest in the analysis of visitor behaviour which enables us to adapt our web offering and/or our advertising to suit the interests of visitors. According to Google, the Google Remarketing tool is not used to process personal details.
You do, however, have the option of opposing their use by selecting settings in http://www.google.com/settings/ads that define the kinds of ads that are displayed to you. Furthermore, you can disable the use of Google-Remarketing cookies on our website altogether, by clicking
Google-Remarketing is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable Google-Remarketing
For further information about the processing of your details by Google, please refer to the Google data privacy statement at http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
3.6 Google Adwords Conversion Tracking
Our website also uses the Google Adwords Conversion Tracking function from Google, Inc. This tool is an analysis service provided by Google Inc. which causes what is known as a ‘cookie’ to be set after you have clicked on option on your terminal device. These cookies ensure that information provided to us only remains available for a limited period of time, they do not store any personal details and therefore cannot be used for identification purposes. While a cookie is still valid, and if you visit a specific page on our website during that time, we and Google can both tell that you clicked an ad that caused you to be redirected to this page. The purpose of this tool is to produce conversion strategies. Here we learn about the total number of users who clicked our ads and could then be redirected to a page provided with a conversion tracking tag.
The legal basis for using the Google Adwords Conversion Tracking function is defined in Art 6 Para. 1 lit f GDPR (legitimate interest) because we have a legitimate interest in the analysis of visitor behaviour which enables us to adapt our web offering and/or our advertising to suit the interests of visitors. According to Google, the Google Adwords Conversion Tracking tool is not used to process personal details.
You do, however, have the option of opposing their use by selecting settings in http://www.google.com/settings/ads that define the kinds of ads that are displayed to you. Furthermore, you can disable the use of Google Ads cookies on our website, by clicking
Google-Ads Tracking is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable Google-Ads Tracking
For further information about the processing of your details by Google, please refer to the Google data privacy statement at http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/.
3.7 LinkedIn
Our website also uses LinkedIn social media plugins. This means that certain contents of the LinkedIn platform are implemented on our site. We do not perform data processing. However, if your a customer or client on the LinkedIn platform, your details may get processed by LinkedIn.
For more information, please consult the LinkedIn data privacy statement: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
LinkedIn Insight Tag
Our website also uses the ‘Insight Tag’ on the social media platform ‘LinkedIn’, operated by LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland. This is a Javascript code that is added to our website and that makes it possible to collect data about visits to our website, including URL, referrer URL, IP address, device and browser properties, time stamp and page views. This data is encrypted, anonymised within seven days, and that anonymised data is then deleted within 90 days. LinkedIn does not share any personal details with us as the owner and operator of the website. Instead, it only provides summary reports about the website target group and the advertising performance value. LinkedIn also offers a ‘retargeting’ service to website visitors. This data enables the owners of the website to display targeted advertising outside its website without this causing the member to be identified. Members of LinkedIn can manage the use of their personal details for promotional purposes in their account settings (reference to: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/advertising/actions-that-showed-interest).
Further information can be found in LinkedIn’s privacy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
You can also prevent the recording of the data generated by the cookie and related to your usage of the website by LinkedIn and can also prevent this data from being processed by LinkedIn by setting an opt-out cookie that prevents your data from being recorded at a future date when you visit this website again. To do that, click this link
LinkedIn Insights is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable LinkedIn Insights
The opt-out cookie only applies in this browser and only for our website. It is stored on your device. If you delete the cookies in this browser, you must set the opt-out cookie again.
Each of these data processing operations is fully compliant with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR because we have a legitimate interest in displaying personalised adverts to you, and in evaluating your use of our website.
3.8 Hotjar
On our website, we use the ‘Hotjar’ cookie from Hotjar Limited (Level 2, St Julian’s Business Centre, 3, Elia Zammit Street, St Julian’s STJ 1000, Malta) to evaluate visitor details statistically.
Hotjar is a service that analyses the behaviour and feedback from website users through a combination of analysis and feedback tools. To accomplish this, we have used cookies to integrate a tracking code on our website that is transmitted to the Hotjar servers located within the EU. Specifically, this tracking code contacts the Hotjar servers and sends a script to the computer or terminal device that you are using to access our website. The script records defined data with reference to the way users interact with the corresponding website. This data is then transmitted to the Hotjar servers for processing.
More details on the data protection directive, and about which type of data are recorded by Hotjar can be found at https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy.
You can prevent the processing of data by Hotjar by enabling the Hotjar opt-out:
Hotjar-Tracking is enabledNOT enabled.
DisableEnable Hotjar-Tracking
These data processing operations are fully compliant with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR because we have a legitimate interest in evaluating your use of our website.
3.9 Exclusion of liability
We accept no liability for losses caused to you by the use of your data by Facebook, Google or other third party pages.
4. Data transfer
Your data will only be transferred to service providers and, if applicable, to local COLOP partners as laid down in Clause 2.1. hereof in detail. There will be no other transmission to third parties.
The web presence of COLOP may contain advertising of other companies and also links to other websites. No data relating to you will be directly transferred by us to these companies.
5. Content of the website
COLOP does not guarantee that the information contained on this website is correct, up-to-date, of good quality or complete. It may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. COLOP accepts no responsibility for updating this website to provide up-to-date information or to ensure the correctness or completeness of the information published and expressly excludes corresponding liability.
Any and all liability for direct or indirect losses, consequential losses or other disadvantages which relate to damage of a material or non-material sort for the user caused by the use or non-use of the information on this website is strictly excluded unless COLOP can be proved to be deliberately or blatantly grossly negligently at fault. COLOP does not assume any liability for consequential losses.
The information on this website may be changed, removed or supplemented by COLOP at any time.
6. References and links
Where access to other, third-party websites is enabled with (hyper)links, COLOP is not responsible for third-party content they contain. COLOP does not endorse the third-party content and there is no appropriation of work. If COLOP becomes aware of illegal content on external websites, the electronic reference or link will be immediately removed. At the time the initial link to the external website in question was placed, there was no indication of an infringement.
This website furthermore provides the possibility to communicate with different social networks via COLOP-developed modules. These social networks are:
Facebook, operated by Facebook Ireland Ltd, 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Irland
Linked In, operated by LinkedIn Inc., 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA
Youtube, operated by Youtube LLC, 901 Cherry Avenue, San Bruno, CA 94066, USA
When you click on one of these social media modules, you establish a direct connection with the relevant social media platform, which presumably collects personal data. Please refer to the privacy policy of the respective social media site.
7. Copyright
The images, product and application photos, graphics, logos, (audio) files, video sequences and texts used on the colop.com website are protected by copyright and other property rights of the respective owners. COLOP is expressly authorised to use/exploit them. The copyright or the other property rights for items published and created by COLOP itself, of any sort whatsoever, lie solely with COLOP. Any duplication or use of such images, graphics, (audio) files, video sequences and texts in other electronic or printed publications is not permitted without the express consent of COLOP or the third-party rights holders.
However, the images, product and application photos, graphics, (audio) files, video sequences and texts made available in the download area may be duplicated or used for the purposes of promoting and selling COLOP products. COLOP must be indicated as picture source of single images or in the respective directory (as regards to catalogues). You have to indicate if you have made minor changes to images (obligation to indicate).
You may embed the images in advertising material and changed for this purposes always provided that such changes do not materially change the character of the image. Changes that are specifically allowed are the inclusion of model stamp prints in the stamp window or the illustration of ImageCards™ design possibilities in the viewing window.
The right to use the images expires automatically, if and when COLOP withdraws the products from the market or when COLOP ceases to produce or distribute the products. In any case, COLOP reserves the right to object to the use of images. In such case, COLOP will inform the user by e-mail and user has to procure that the pertaining images are erased without undue delay but not later than 30 days after having received the objection.
Any misuse of the material provided, in particular any use for purposes other than promoting and selling COLOP products, is explicitly forbidden. Any transfer of images against consideration (= selling of images) is explicitly forbidden. COLOP reserves its rights in this context.
8. Your Rights
You have to right to request access to and rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing and to object to processing as well as the right to data portability. If you think that the processing of your personal data infringes applicable data protection law or your data privacy rights, you can lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. The competent supervisory authority for COLOP is the Austrian Datenschutzbehörde (https://www.dsb.gv.at).
Your browser it too old!
Please update your browser to display site correctly
Update Browser
×