http://www.stonehousegolf.com/terms-conditions/
For custom orders call :
1-800-949-7274
Sign in to storefronts
English
Sign in
Terms & Conditions
Stonehouse Golf Collection - Framed Golf Prints
Play the course. Cherish the memory.
Shop our renowned collection of commemorative prints.
Quick Search
Categories
By State
Alabama (6)Arizona (34)California (92)Colorado (31)Delaware (1)Florida (116)Georgia (15)Idaho (2)Illinois (47)Indiana (10)Iowa (17)Kansas (55)Kentucky (5)Maryland (48)Massachusetts (3)Michigan (17)Minnesota (31)Mississippi (5)Missouri (75)Nebraska (132)Nevada (2)New Jersey (24)New York (42)North Carolina (48)Ohio (59)Oklahoma (39)Oregon (10)Pennsylvania (108)Puerto Rico (1)Rhode Island (1)South Carolina (31)South Dakota (10)Tennessee (1)Texas (88)Utah (1)Virginia (17)Washington (2)West Virginia (25)Wisconsin (14)Wyoming (2)
By Country
Argentina (1)
Aruba (1)
Barbados (4)
Bermuda (3)
Canada (2)
Cyprus (2)
Egypt (1)
England (68)
France (13)
Gran Canaria (1)
Greece (1)
Ireland (50)
Jersey (1)
Mexico (2)
Morocco (1)
Northern Ireland (10)
Norway (1)
Portugal (3)
Russia (1)
Scotland (92)
South Africa (4)
Spain (5)
St. Kitts and Nevis (1)
Turkey (8)
United Arab Emirates (11)
Wales (8)
Two Frames and A Free Caddie Deal
Redeem discount now!
Buy two frames, Club size or larger, and get a Free Desk Caddie! Make sure to choose out your Desk Caddie before check out to get this deal
Take an additional 10% off by joining our Collector’s Club!
Terms & Conditions
Home » Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
StonehouseGolf.com recognizes that its customers, visitors, users, and others (known collectively or individually as “Users”) who use www.StonehouseGolf.com (the “Website”) value their privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services, and Websites offered by StonehouseGolf.com, and details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Website.
Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the StonehouseGolf.com Terms of Service.
com Privacy Policy applies only to Websites and services that are owned and operated by StonehouseGolf.com. While other Websites may be displayed as links from within StonehouseGolf.com, those sites are owned and operated by others, and they may have different privacy policies. When linking from StonehouseGolf.com to other websites, if you have privacy concerns, we urge you to review the privacy policies of those sites.
We may use third-party advertising companies to serve or track ads on our website and other websites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
1. Information Collection and Use
General
Stonehousegolf.com does not require that you register in order to view its products. Registration is required to use certain interactive features such as wish lists.
Stonehousegolf.com collects personal information when you register with StonehouseGolf.com, when you visit the Website, when you make a purchase, or any time you provide information to StonehouseGolf.com about yourself. StonehouseGolf.com may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
Stonehousegolf.com automatically receives and records other non-personally-identifying information (“Non-Personal Information”) on our server logs from your browser even if you do not register with StonehouseGolf.com, for example, your IP address, StonehouseGolf.com cookie information, and the pages you visit.
Stonehousegolf.com uses Non-Personal Information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, improve our services, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Registration
In order to participate on this Website, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you on the registration form and require you to create a user name and password. During registration you are required to give contact information (such as name and email address). We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in which you have expressed interest. When you register with StonehouseGolf.com and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
During registration, you can choose to opt into our newsletter as well as periodic email updates from our Website regarding newly printed designs, new products, and upcoming sales on our Website.
Stonehouse Publishing Company is the sole owner of the information collected on Stonehousegolf.com.
Stonehouse Publishing Company collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Website.
Orders
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date and the 3 digit security code). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Newsletter
If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.
Choice / Opt-out
We provide you the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product or service from us but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at info@Stonehousegolf.com.
You will be notified when your personally identifiable information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party.
Children Under 13
StonehouseGolf.com is committed to protecting the privacy of children. StonehouseGolf.com does not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information online from children under the age of 13.
3. Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site and we do link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as the shopping cart and design scoring pages, will be limited.
Stonehousegolf.com does utilize tracking technology to better understand site traffic patterns and use. However, none of the information collected via tracking technology is personally identifiable information.
The use of cookies by our partners, affiliates or tracking utility company is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our partners, affiliates, tracking utility company and service providers use session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, in order for you to use the shopping cart, etc.
If you click on a link to a third party site, including on an advertisement, you will leave StonehouseGolf.com and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as StonehouseGolf.com. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services.
Stonehousegolf.com may use web beacons in connection with e-mails sent to StonehouseGolf.com users, to let us know whether and when the email was opened. No personal information is transmitted through web beacons.
Our third party advertising partner employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information. To learn more about our advertising company’s use of clear gifs, please go to https://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx.
7. Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
StonehouseGolf.com may update this policy at any time in its sole discretion and without prior notice. We will strive to notify you about significant changes in the way we treat Personal Information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your StonehouseGolf.com account and/or by placing a notice on the Website.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
8. TRUSTe Disclosure
Stonehouse Publishing Company is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the Internet by prompting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the Website www.StonehouseGolf.com. Because this Website wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact the Website Manager at info@stonehousegolf.com. If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact TRUSTe at TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns.
Stonehouse Publishing Company complies with the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
9. Effective Date
This Privacy Policy was last modified September 10, 2012.
10. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Stonehouse Publishing, 4700 F Street, Omaha, NE 68117.Email: sales@stonehousegolf.comPhone: 800.949.7274Fax: 402-734-7492
2. Information Sharing and Disclosure
Stonehousegolf.com does not rent, trade, or share Personal Information with third parties except to
provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We use other third parties such as a shipping company to fulfill orders, a credit card processing company to bill you for goods sold on our website, and an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf. When you make a purchase on our website or sign up for our email list, we will share the necessary amount of personally identifiable information as necessary for the third party to provide that service, including your name, address, credit card information and email address. These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for promotional purposes.
We provide Non-Personal Information to interested third-parties for purposes of understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.
We use both your Personal Information and certain Non-Personal Information to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, or legal process served on our Website.
We may share Personal Information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of StonehouseGolf.com”s Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
In the event Stonehouse Publishing Company goes through a business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
We post customer news and/or events on our website which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer’s consent via email prior to posting the news and/or event to post their name along with their news and/or event.
4. Confidentiality and Security
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can send us an email at info@stonehousegolf.com.
We limit access to Personal Information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with Personal Information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
5. Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire to maintain an account on StonehouseGolf.com, you may correct, update, amend, delete/remove or deactivate it by making the desired changes on account profile page (https://www.StonehouseGolf.com/customer/account) or by emailing our customer support at info@StonehouseGolf.com. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.
6. International Users
If you are a User accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law and this Privacy Policy as incorporated in our Terms of Use, you will be transferring your Personal Information into the United States and you consent to that transfer.
Back to top
ORDER BY PHONE
TOLL FREE 1-800-949-7274
Get to know us
About Stonehouse Golf
Stonehouse Publishing
4700 F Street,
Omaha,
NE,
68117,
U.S.
Email: sales@stonehousegolf.com
Order Toll Free: 1-800-949-7274
Hours: Mon / Fri 8 AM - 5 PM CST
Personalized Storefronts
Sell personalized Stonehouse prints from your resort's website. No overhead! No buy-in! Earn commission on each sale.
Click here to register your storefront today.
Support
Contact us
About
FAQ
Shipping
Framing Specifications
Terms & conditions
Shop
Browse Collection
Specialty Products