http://www.flamexinc.com/privacypolicy.aspx
FLAMEX is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy and the other documents referred to herein set out the basis on which any personal data we obtain from you will be used by us. This policy applies to our website. By visiting the website and allowing us to collect personal data from you, you are agreeing to and accepting the practices in this privacy policy.
Our website is maintained by FLAMEX and is designed to display information about our company, products and services.
As a visitor to our website, we may keep your name, address, company name, and business contact details as well as an indication of the particular areas of business that interest you. We retain any personal information you provide us in our internal files only.
Uses Made of Your Personal Information
We will use the information you provide to us for our business communication and sales purposes only.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to any of our direct subsidiaries or affiliates, or their processors or agents. We do not disclose this information to any other parties for any reason.
Disclaimer
No part of this website may be reproduced or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical (included photocopying), recording or by any information, storage or retrieval system, without prior permission from the copyright owners. The website is published by FLAMEX.
Contact
If your wish to contact us in order to exercise any of your rights identified in this policy you may do so by contacting us as follows:
FLAMEX Inc.
4365 Federal Drive
Greensboro, NC 27410-8116
Email: flamex@sparkdetection.com
"Unilin-US MDF has utilized Minimax/Flamex as our supplier of choice for fire detection and elimination since the facility was constructed in 2000. In that time we have been very happy with the quality of equipment they supplied us and the level of dedication they have shown in servicing the equipment." - Plant Manager, Unilin-US MDF
Don't Wait! Request a quote now!
The only North American supplier of Spark Detection and Extinguishing Systems associated with a major global fire protection equipment manufacturing organization. Learn More
Home I About Us I Products & Services I Applications I Resources I News I Contact Us I Request Service I Privacy Policy I Sitemap
Copyright 2013 Flamex
Web Design and Development by BEM