http://www.justblinds.com/privacy/form
Guarantee, Warranty, and Shipping Policies | JustBlinds
CUSTOMER SERVICE: 1-800-959-9939
ALWAYS FREE SHIPPING. ALWAYS LOW PRICE.
CONFIDENCE DELIVERED: GET A DELUXE WARRANTY
JUSTBLINDS. SIMPLY SIMPLE SINCE 1999
life should be this simple.
Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Wood Blinds
Aluminum Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Shades
Cellular Shades
Roller Shades
Solar Roller Shades
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Horizontal Shades
Pleated Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Outdoor Shades
Shutters
Shutters
Help
How to Measure
Become an expert with our step-by-step measuring guides.
Shipping & Policies
Read our shipping policies and warranty information.
Child Safety
Find out what the safer options are for kids and pets.
On Sale!
Check out our latest sales and promos!
How to Install
You can do it! We make installing window treatments easy.
Check Order Status
Get excited! You can check the status of your blinds order here.
Frequently Asked Questions
Want to get brainy about blinds? We've got you covered.
Video Central
View measure and installation videos, product demos and more all in one spot.
Order Status
Cart
OCTOBER 10, 2020 - COVID-19 Update -
Learn More
We are experiencing high call volumes and longer than normal wait times due to COVID-19. Skip the wait and check your order status online.
A note from the team at JustBlinds.
We, at justblinds.com, know that times are uneasy, and we sincerely wish everyone well as we find ourselves in uncharted territory with Covid-19.
We want you to know that our business remains open and our sales and customer service teams are available ready to help. Just reach out.
FAQ's
Can you order samples?
Great news! Our crew at Justblinds is now able to send out samples on a limited selection of our products with plans to expand this to our full array of products soon. You can view availability on each product page. To ensure the safety of our associates, we have reduced the number of people allowed in our warehouse to ensure appropriate social distancing. This may mean that you may experience slower delivery than normal, and we appreciate your patience.
Any changes to ordering or shipping time?
You can order blinds, shades and shutters as you normally would. We are working hard to communicate with all of our vendors and partners to ensure we provide the most recent information for all window treatments on our sites. Want to know how long your choices will take to make? As usual, you can check each item's production time right from that product's page.
What does all this mean for customers?
For the most part, it's business as usual. We are working. We are staying home. We have amazing teams well-equipped to help our customers from just about anywhere — whether it's at our offices or remotely from our homes, we've got your back.
Our commitment to safety and our customers
We truly value you, our staff and all of our communities, so in following our local government's Stay Home — Work Safe order and best practices provided by the CDC, we are working remotely and will continue to go above and beyond to provide the best customer service and deliver quality window treatments to you all.
MENU
Help
About Us
Affiliates
Check Order Status
Child Safety
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Install
How to Measure
Shipping Policies
Promotions and Exclusions
California Supply Chain Act
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
Exercise Your Privacy Rights
justblinds values and respects your privacy. Some of the ways we use the personal information we collect include:
Convenience
To provide you with the best experience through services like eReceipts, in-home measure, and installation.
Consistency
To provide the same customer service experience when you engage online or over the phone.
Communication
To inform you about your orders and accounts, and to respond to your inquiries.
Awareness
To make you aware of the products and services we offer to support your home improvement needs.
You can learn more about how justblinds uses the personal information we collect in our Privacy Policy.
Complete the form below to submit your request. When we receive your information, we'll use it to verify your identity and review your request. Need to make more than one request? Complete a new submission form for each request.
You can:
Request the personal information we collect about you.
Ask that we delete the personal information we collect about you.
Opt out of having your personal information sold (while we do not share your personal information with third parties in exchange for money, we disclose certain information in exchange for insights and other valuable services, and California law treats such sharing as a "sale" even if no money is exchanged; click here for more information).
Important Note Regarding Requests to Opt Out of Sales
If you submit a request to opt out of having your personal information sold, we will use the information you provide to verify your identity. After verifying your identity, we will associate the information you provided with information we hold to prevent further sales of that information. However, if you use our websites, mobile applications, connected device applications, or digital services, we may not be able to associate the information you provided in your request with the information collected from your usage of our websites, mobile applications, connected device applications, or digital services. Please click here for information about how to control certain digital tracking tools that may involve sales of digital information.
Making a Request
A working email address is required to complete your request online or call 800-620-2753 to speak to a representative
you don't want to provide an email address.
For each request you submit, we'll send a verification email to the email address you provided. This may take up to 72 hours. Check your spam folder if you don't see it. You'll have 3 days to verify your email before your request expires. If you don't, you'll have to submit another request.
If you are making a request on behalf of another person, please send your request to privacy@justblinds.com and include the following information about you and the person on whose behalf you are making the request: name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
You should also provide proof of your authorization to act on the other person's behalf.
We will contact you for additional information once your request has been received.
After we process your request to delete your personal information or to opt out of the sale of your personal information, you may still see advertising regarding our products and services. We may deliver advertising to a general audience or place advertising on websites, mobile applications, and connected device applications that relates to our products and services. For example, if you visit a do-it-yourself website, you may see advertising on that website that promotes our products and services.
Sign up & Save $20
on orders of $200 or greater.
Don't miss out on sales, tips, and new products.
Yes, Keep Me Updated!
Opt-out at anytime. View privacy policy here.
Shop Custom Blinds & Shades
Aluminum Blinds
Cellular Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Faux Wood Blinds
Outdoor Shades
Plantation Shutters
Pleated Shades
Roller Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Shades
Vertical Blinds
Wood Blinds
Woven Wood Shades
We'll Make It Easy!
SALES:
Mon-Fri 8AM - 11PM | Sat-Sun 10AM - 9PM EST
SERVICE:
Mon-Fri 8AM - 11PM | Sat-Sun 10AM - 7PM EST
Get In Touch!
Direct Line:
1-800-959-9939
About Us
Products
Shipping & Policies
Privacy Policy
Do Not Sell My Information
FAQs
FREE Samples
Child Safety
Measuring
Installation
Current Sales
Video Central
Order Status
Affiliates
California Supply Chain Act
Sitemap
Viewing prices as of
Show current prices
Logged in as
Empty Cart
Logout
on behalf of
Current
yourself