http://www.music-exchange.co.uk/privacy.php
Home
Tutors
Examinations
Gifts
Recordings
All departments
Groups/Artists
Tutors
Examinations
Gifts
Recordings
Instruments and Accessories
Music Collections
Instrumental Music
Children and Education
Choral and Vocal
Scores and Parts
Text Books
Multimedia
Sheet Music
Sign in / Register
Items: 0 Goods Value: £0.00
Home : Information : Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
General
Music Exchange (Manchester) Ltd is hereafter referred to as "Music Exchange". The website at www.music-exchange.co.uk is hereafter referred to as “the Site”.
This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use.
By accessing and using the Site you are agreeing with the Terms and Conditions of Use and with this Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect?
•	Information that you give us includes: your name, email address, billing information and delivery addresses, telephone number, service preferences.
•	Information that is automatically collected through the use of cookies. See here for further detials of our Cookie policy
What is the information used for?
•	The information that you give us for the purposes of fulfilling orders you make through the Site and the delvery and tracking of these orders.
•	Cookie data is used so that we can analyse the interests and behaviour of our users and improve the service we provide.
How long do we keep your information?
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes set out in this Policy.
Different retention periods apply for different types of data, however the longest we will normally hold any personal data (names/addresses) is 6 years, as required by HMRC.
Is the information ever shared with third parties?
•	Information associated with orders placed on the Site is passed to our Payment Processing partners solely for the purposes of fulfilling your order. Our fulfilment partners process and authorise payments made by Credit and Debit Cards. These partners are:
Secure Hosting Ltd,
Innovation House,
Davidson Road,
Lichfield,
WS14 9DZ
United Kingdom
www.securehosting.com
•	Cookie information is passed in aggregate to the servers operated by Google Inc solely in order that we can use Google Analytics software to analyse user numbers and patterns. No personal information is associated with the cookie information.
•	No other information is shared with any third party.
Can I prevent any information being collected about me?
Yes. You do not need to give us any personal information to use the Site. We only require personal information when you make a purchase on the Site or when you register to receive discounts and other services.
You can disable the cookies in your browser and this will prevent the Site from using the data string. Consult the Help file in your browser software for details.
Please be aware that a number of features of the Site use cookies. If you disable cookies in your browser these features may not operate as intended or at all.
Can I find out what information you have collected about me in the past?
Yes. You can request a copy of the personal data we hold by emailing mail@music-exchange.co.uk.
Please note that we will not send financial information by email.
top of the page
Information
About Music Exchange
Using this Site
Delivery
Discounts
Policies
Returns
Cookies
Security
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
By Post:
Mail Order Department,  Music Exchange (Manchester) Ltd,
Claverton Road,
Manchester, M23 9ZA,  UK
By telephone (Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm):
(44) (0)161 946 9301
By fax:
(44) (0)161 946 1195
By email:
mail@music-exchange.co.uk
By web site:
Contact Us
Find us on: