http://www.totallybamboo.com/policies/privacy-policy
My Cart
Close
Personalized Products
Shop by State
Cutting Boards
A Slice of Life Boards
State Destination Boards
GreenLite™ Dishwasher-Safe Boards
Tools & Utensils
Storage & Organization
Bowls
Entertaining
Gift Ideas
Hollywood Chairs
About
Why Bamboo?
We are OPEN! Orders ship in 1-2 business days. Free 2-Day Shipping on Many Items.
Home
About
Shop
BAMBOO DRINKING STRAWS
BAMBOO FLATWARE
CUTTING BOARDS
ORGANIZERS
DESTINATION BOARDS
ENTERTAINING
PERSONALIZED
SALT BOXES
TOOLS UTENSILS
Why Bamboo
Personalized Products
Shop by State
Home
/
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent? When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent? If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at TiffanyA@TotallyBamboo.com or mailing us at: Totally Bamboo 1810 Diamond Street San Marcos California US 92078
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment: If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).