http://www.frogprints.co.nz/help/privacy.cfm
Choose Upload
Our Prices
Product Range
Delivery Guide
Testimonials
Contact Us
Help Overview
Uploading Images
Photo Sizes
Quality Advice
Terminology
How do I...?
Privacy Policy
Our promise to you
At Frogprints we respect the privacy of every individual who visits this site. Our promise is to protect any personal information that you give us, and to make every reasonable effort to use this information only as you choose. The aim of this Privacy Statement is to inform you what our privacy practices are and to describe the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. It also explains the security measures taken to protect your information, how it is stored and whom you can contact at Frogprints to answer your questions about this privacy statement and resolve any issues that may arise.
Collecting and Using Your Information
This Online Privacy Statement covers the collection and use of personal information on the www.frogprints.co.nz web site and all other Frogprints online services. The information covered by this statement is information an individual provides to Frogprints during an online transaction outside of the individual's trade, business or profession.
Personal Information
Frogprints collects personal information online when:you submit questions or comments to us
you request information or materials
you register for any Frogprints online service
you use our services to store, share, and/or print your pictures online
you make online purchases
you participate in online surveys
you participate in online promotions, competitions or other online activities
The type of information collected may include name, address, billing and delivery information, e-mail address, gift recipient information, and credit card information.
Frogprints uses the personal information you provide to register you in programs; answer your e-mail; send information you request; create and maintain accounts and process, fulfill, and follow up on orders. We also use this personal information to provide you with information related to your account and the products or services you purchased from us, to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service and to personalize our communications and special offers to you.
Non- personal details
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you, such as the type of browsers you use or the web site from which you linked to us. This information is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on this web site. We may, from time to time, supply the owners and operators of third party web sites which have a link to our site with information about the number of users linking to our site from their web site. You cannot be identified from any of this information.
E-mail communications
Frogprints may send you e-mail about your orders or your account and in response to your questions. We will give you an opportunity to let us know your preference regarding the receiving of promotional e-mail when you use our services, when you provide us with your personal information, or when we send you e-mail. If you choose not to accept this promotional e-mail, you may not receive special offers that may be of value to you. This option applies to promotional e-mail only, as we may find it necessary to send you e-mail relating to your account or order.
All promotional e-mail that you receive from Frogprints will tell you how to decline receiving future promotional e-mail.
Personal Information about Others
If you send us information about others, we will use that information (usually an e-mail address) to do what you asked us to do (for example, to send information or to enable a print order). We may also send them information and/or special offers about products and services, but they can easily decline receiving any further communications from us.
Sharing Your Personal Information
Frogprints will not sell, rent, or trade the personal information you provide online. We may share your personal information with certain Frogprints business affiliates, in order to provide a seamless service, or to bring to your attention certain offers that we think will be of interest to you. You will always be given the option to opt out of any affiliate service that we introduce. Frogprints may disclose personal information to third parties without your consent as required by law or court order, to cooperate with Government authorities in a criminal investigation, and to enforce or protect Frogprints's property or contractual rights.
Outside Links
This site contains links to other sites. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other web sites. We recommend that you check the policy of each site that you visit.
You may have linked to this web site from a third party web site. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the third party web site from which you linked to our web site. We recommend that you check the policy of that third party site and contact its owner or operator if you have any concerns or questions.
Cookies
We may store some information on your computer when you look at our site. This information facilitates your use of our web site, and ensures that you do not need to re- enter your details on each visit. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which allows you to choose whether or not to protect it.
Protecting Your Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place certain physical, electronic, managerial and security policies to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We safeguard information according to established security standards and procedures, such as using Secure Socket Layer (SSL), and we continually assess new technology for protecting information.
When making online purchases, we use a secure server. When your browser communicates with a secure server, all information is encrypted, keeping it private. This technology makes it safer to transmit your credit card information over the Internet. To use this server, your web browser must support SSL (Secure Socket Layers).
The technology that we use and the policies that we have implemented are intended to safeguard your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use. Frogprints employees are trained to understand and comply with these information principles and we communicate our privacy policy, practices and guidelines to all employees.
Accuracy
We aim to keep our records as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details that you have supplied us with at any time, please contact us as set out below.
Contacts At Frogprints
If you have questions or concerns about your privacy when using the Frogprints Web site, please contact us by e-mail: or by mail at: Contact Details
Frogprints will work with you to resolve any concerns you have about this policy.
^top
Login
Email Address:
Password:
Forgotten Password?
Register Now!
Current Order
Home |
Services |
Contact Us |
Help |
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy
 FrogPrints 2020 - Online Digital Photo Prints, Photo Books & Gifts
>