http://www.dollshouse.com/terms/
Basket (0 items)
Checkout
GO
Search
Home
Houses
Building Supplies
Decor
Lighting
Furniture
Accessories
Figures
Garden
Tools
Children's
Seconds
1/24th Scale
Sale
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions apply to the use of this website. By accessing this website you agree to the terms and conditions set out below.
The Dolls House Emporium website at https://www.dollshouse.com/ ("the website") is owned and operated by Safeship Fulfilment UK LTD, registered in England and Wales (company registration number 07882931) at Enterprise House, Enterprise Way, Edenbridge, Kent, TN8 6HF, United Kingdom.
We are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner's Office (registration number Z628004X). Unless we say otherwise, we use the terms "we" and "us" to refer to Dolls House Emporium. If you would like to get in touch with us, or ask us anything, please contact us.
General Terms and Conditions of Sale
These apply to any order placed through the website; you must read these general terms and conditions of sale. By placing an order through the website, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to these in their entirety. We have taken all reasonable precautions to try to ensure accuracy of prices and product descriptions. However, when ordering, please note that:
orders are accepted on the basis that there are no material errors in the description of the goods or their advertised price
packaging may vary from that shown
the weights and dimensions shown are approximate only
whilst we try to replicate colours accurately, actual colours you see depends on your monitor and we cannot guarantee that the colour you see will accurately reflect the actual colour
all products are subject to availability
Website Terms and Conditions
The website terms and conditions apply to your use of the website at https://www.dollshouse.com/. By accessing, browsing, using or registering with the website, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to the website terms.
These website terms are in addition to the terms of our privacy policy which explains which personal information we collect about you. You may find it helpful to view our privacy policy. Please note that when you agree to the website terms you also agree to have read and understood our privacy policy.
Customer Security
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise as a result of any failure by the account holder to protect their account.
Acceptance of Your Order
Completion of the online checkout process does not constitute our acceptance of your order which takes place only when we despatch your products. Products remain our property until we have received payment in full from you. Card payments are subject to authorisation by your card issuer and we take payment when you place your order. If your payment is not received before products are delivered to you, payment must be made or the products returned within 30 days, in the same condition that you received them, and at your own expense. We reserve the right to charge for any damage to any product that is subject of an unpaid order.
Delivery
Most products are held in stock and are available for same day despatch. However, if a product is temporarily out of stock we will let you know as soon as possible. We aim to despatch orders placed by 2pm Monday - Friday the same day. Orders placed after 2pm, at the weekend or on a public holiday are dispatched the next working day.
Your order will be despatched from the United Kingdom. Due to customs, legal, regulatory and / or other restrictions, some of our products may not be available to certain destinations outside the United Kingdom. We reserve the right to define what can be delivered to which destination. Please note that your order may be subject to import duty and note cannot be held responsible for any import taxes or fees incurred on your order.
Please refer to our delivery page for information about delivery.
Returns
If an item is damaged, incorrectly supplied or you simply want to return an item, please inform us by phone or e-mail within 15 days of delivery. The items must be returned to us within 30 days of purchase. Please note that we are unable to accept your return if we have not been notified first.
Refunds will be made using the same method used to pay for your order within 5 working days of us receiving your return.
Please refer to our returns policy for information about returns.
Use of This Website
You may use, download and print content on the website solely for your own personal use or internal business purposes. You may not without our prior written consent:
copy, reproduce, use or otherwise deal with any content on the website
modify, distribute or re-post any content on the website for any purpose
use the content of the website for any commercial exploitation whatsoever
Ownership of Copyright
All of our published material and images within our website are protected by copyright. "The Dolls House Emporium", www.dollshouse.com and its logo are registered trademarks. If you acquire any copyright or other intellectual property rights in the website, whether by operation of law or otherwise, including any rights you may have in user generated content that you submit through the website, then you agree to assign those rights to us.
The Queens' Dolls' House Collection is manufactured under licence from The Royal Collection 2012 © 2012 HM Queen Elizabeth II
Changes to Website Terms
We reserve the right to change and update our website terms and recommend that you revisit this page to keep informed of the current terms that apply. By continuing to access, browse and use the website, you will be deemed to have agreed to any changes or updates to our website terms.
Accuracy of Content
Although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of information, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we disclaim all representations and warranties, express or implied, that content or information displayed in or on the website is accurate, complete, up-to-date and/or does not infringe the rights of any third party. The views expressed in user generated content are the opinions of those users and do not represent the views, opinions, beliefs or values of Dolls House Emporium.
Damage to your computer or other device
We make every effort to ensure that the website is free from viruses and other harmful content. However, we cannot guarantee that your use of the website will not cause damage to your computer or other device. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the right equipment (including antivirus software) to use the website safely and to screen out anything that may damage or harm your computer or other device. Except where required by applicable law, we shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage they suffer as a result of viruses or other harmful content that they access from or via the website.
Links to Other Websites
We have placed links on the website to other websites we think you may wish to visit. We do not vet these websites and do not have any control over their content. Except where required by applicable law, we cannot accept any liability in respect of the use of these websites.
Exclusion of Liability
We accept no liability for any losses or damages which are not reasonably foreseeable arising out of, or in connection with, the website terms or your use of the website. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we shall not be liable for any loss or damage which may arise from the use of or reliance on any content or information displayed in or on the website. These exclusions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. If any provision of these disclaimers and exclusions shall be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
Last updated in January 2015
Contact Details
support@dollshouse.com
01795 665336
Dolls House Emporium3 Cullet Drive
Queenborough
Kent
ME11 5JS
United Kingdom
Please note that we are an online retailer and do not have a shop or showroom for visitors.
Customer Promise
Free & Fast DeliveryFree UK delivery when you spend £50 or more.
Same Day DespatchAim to despatch orders placed by 2pm (GMT) Mon - Fri same day.
Stock PromiseAll items are in stock ready for immediate despatch.
No Quibble Guarantee If you're not happy with your order, we'll offer a full refund.
Join in the conversation
Facebook
Twitter
Subscribe & Save
Sign up to our newsletter and we'll send you a coupon for 5% off your order.
Subscribe
Subscribe
Email
Information
My Account
Contact
Delivery
Returns Policy
Blog
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Details
support@dollshouse.com
01795 665336
Open weekdays 9am - 5pm (GMT) excluding public holidays in the United Kingdom.
Currency
Currency
AUD - Australian Dollar
GBP - British Pound
CAD - Canadian Dollar
EUR - Euro
USD - US Dollar
Location
Country
Albania
Andorra
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Canada
Croatia
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Estonia
Finland
France
Germany
Gibraltar
Greece
Guatemala
Guernsey
Hong Kong SAR China
Hungary
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Jersey
Latvia
Liechtenstein
Luxembourg
Macedonia
Malta
Monaco
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Poland
Portugal
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
South Africa
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Turkey
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
© Safeship Fulfilment UK LTD (07882931)
Loading...