http://www.realhealthlabs.com/pages/privacy-policy-and-disclaimer
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW
Simply register below to receive our newsletter with health news and exclusive offers!
800-565-6656
answers@realhealthlabs.com
My Account
Welcome to Real Health Labs!
Login
Create Account
0
Men's Health
Women's Health
Kid's Health
Blog
Contact Us
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Real Health Labs!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
If you have any questions about our privacy, contact us via email: answers@realhealthlabs.com or telephone: 1-800-565-6656
Commitment to Privacy and Security
Real Health is committed to upholding the highest level of customer service. Accordingly, we maintain the following privacy/security policy to safeguard the personal information you provide online.
Information We Collect Online For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's IP address and domain name, but not the e-mail address. We collect the following from visitors to the Real Health Laboratories website:
IP address and domain name
Aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit
E-mail address (if a customer places an order or requests placement on our mailing list)
Mailing address (if a customer places an order)
Information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations
Information volunteered by the consumer so Real Health can communicate new information, specials, etc.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, used to notify consumers about updates to our website, and used by us to contact consumers about their orders or for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Privacy and Security In addition to our line of nutritional supplements, we are also happy to offer a collection of books that we found to be an excellent resource for a wide variety of healthcare needs, and new, innovative, natural solutions that we have come across in our research and exploration of total healthcare and natural remedies.
Cookies: What They Are and How We Use Them A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a website that is retrievable by that website whenever you return to it. As a convenience for our customers, the Real Health website generates a cookie for those who place orders; the cookie stores customer name, billing address and email address to be used to pre-fill specific fields in our on-line order form when you return to our site.
How We Use E-mail After you place an order on our site, you will receive a confirmation email outlining the details of your order. You may also receive emails from us if there are questions about your order.Additionally, if you place your name on our mailing list through our website, we may send you email updates on new Real Health products, specials and company/industry news. If you would like to unsubscribe from the mailing list, please return to the mailing list page on our website and follow the instructions for removing yourself from the list (http://www.realhealthlabs.com/signup.htm).
How We Use Postal Address and Telephone Number If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services, specials on existing products, or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address or by calling us at the above telephone number.Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Ad Server Companies: Ad Server Companies: With respect to Ad Servers, we do not currently partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. Ad server companies place banner ads on web pages and then collect information such as domain type and IP address from customers who click on the respective ads.
Information Practices From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Access to Transaction Information Upon request, we provide customers with transaction information that we maintain about them (e.g., dates purchases were made, amounts and types of purchases), and contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. Customers can call us at the above telephone number to obtain this information.Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, or by calling us at the above telephone number.
How do we use your personal information?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to: - Communicate with you; - Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and - When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services. We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). Sharing you personal Information We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. Behavioural advertising As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work. You can opt out of targeted advertising by using the links below: - Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads - Google: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous - Bing: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/. Do not track Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. Your rights If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States. Data retention When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Real Health
© 2020 Real Health/Kids Smart/PharmaCare US, Inc.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease
Keep in Touch
Sign up for our newsletter and be the first to know about coupons and special promotions.
More Info
About Us
Guarantee and Return Policy
Quality Assurance
Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Security
Store Locator
Coupons
Shipping Policy
Careers
© 2020 Real Health Labs | Powered by Shopify
American Express
Apple Pay
Discover
Mastercard
PayPal
Venmo
Visa