http://www.curvaceousbeauties.com/pages/terms-conditions
Home
SHOP
Search
Contact
FAQ
Log in
Create account
The Curvaceous Beauties® website and all other web stores within the group are provided for personal use. Any contract for sale of goods between Curvaceous Beauties® and yourself will be interpreted, construed and enforced in all respects in accordance with the laws of Great Britain.
How to Pay for Your Order Our checkout is held on a completely secure area of our site and payment is through Shopify payments,  Amazon pay, Apple pay or G-Pay.
We ask you to provide your name, address, e-mail address and credit/debit card details. Goods will be sent to the registered card holders address unless otherwise agreed.
Please check your order summary details to ensure the items and invoice and delivery addresses are correct. Should there be any errors then please contact us straight away. Please be sure to include your name, address and order number, when contacting us. Our team will e-mail you when the order has been amended.
We accept Visa Delta, Paypal, Mastercard, Visa and your bank’s debit cards. Your account will be charged on the day of the order in pounds sterling at that day's exchange rate, if ordering from outside the UK.
Please be advised we are a UK STORE and our prices are in POUNDS STERLING any error on the part of the customer to fail to read these details correctly, Curvaceous Beauties® are not responsible for.
Data Protection For your protection we never share your information or pass your details on to any third parties for marketing purposes.
Items remain the property of Curvaceous Beauties® plus size lingerie store until paid in full.
Our shipping and returns page makes up part of these terms and conditions. By placing an order with us or any of our web stores it is deemed you have read and agree with our terms and conditions and all pages made up thereof. If an order is not delivered through Royal Mail or our couriers you will need to notify us in writing before 90 days have elapsed from despatch to enable us to make a claim.
Privacy Policy and Cookies: We respect your privacy and when ordering or dealing with Curvaceous Beauties® we assure you we do not pass any of your private information on to third parties. We do not use cookies to enforce any kind of advertising onto you but only to keep the items you have placed in your shopping basket. You can of course clear cookies on your computer but this will clear your shopping basket also. By using the CB store you agree to the use of cookies as formerly described.
All information pages on our website make up parts of our terms and conditions - by ordering you agree to comply with same.
E & O E
Curvaceous Beauties is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to curvaceousbeauties.com - prices are updated once a week and prices can change daily. Allow up to 7 days for prices to catch up.