http://www.naturopathica.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Shop
Shop
Cleansers
Moisturizers
Serums
Facial Oils
Enzyme Peels
Eye & Lip Care
Masks
SPF
Facial Mists
Best Sellers
New!
Gift & Sets
E-Gift Cards
Virtual Facials
Final Farewell
Skin Advisor
Shop All
Book
Blog
Contact Us
For Professionals
About
Account
When typing in this field, a list of search results will appear and be automatically updated as you type.
Popular Searches
Add to cart
Calendula Essential Hydrating Cream
Add to cart
Manuka Honey Cleansing Balm
Add to cart
Aloe Vera Cleansing Gel
Add to cart
Vitamin C15 Wrinkle Remedy Serum
Your Bag
You are $75 away from Free Shipping!
Free shipping available upon spending
$75
Your bag is empty
×
Total
$0
Checkout
Privacy policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy – Naturopathica Holistic Health
Published: January 22, 2020
SCOPE
Naturopathica Holistic Health, Inc. ("NHH") is committed to protecting your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you, how we may use and share that information, specific use controls, and how we safeguard the information. The Privacy Policy applies to information collected through our website(s), e-commerce activities, social media, catalog, and retail.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
Information You Provide Directly to Us
When you provide us with information through this website, ecommerce activities, catalog transactions or retail transactions, we may collect various information including your name‚ email address‚ mailing address‚ shipping address‚ phone number‚ and payment card information. In addition, we may collect the information you provide us through various social media services, sweepstakes, contests or joint promotions with partners.
There may also be times where you provide us with information in the course of our marketing or customer service activities, such as using our customer service help desk, submitting a testimonial or rating, or providing product or service feedback.
Information from Other Sources
In order to improve our products, services or marketing efforts, we may collect information about you from third party sources. The information may include demographic information, psychographic information, and geographic location-based information. These third-party sources may include public record databases‚ social media platforms‚ marketing data providers‚ data sharing cooperatives‚ and others.
Automatically Collected Information
When you visit our website or retail store, read our emails or interact with our marketing partners, we may collect certain types of technology-specific information from you. This information will help us optimize your visit, merchandise our products, and track the performance of our marketing efforts. Examples of this type of information include:
Pixel tags (aka; web beacons) that enable us to identify the number of visitors to our website, the web pages visited or emails viewed.
Cookies which enable us to uniquely recognize your browser or device, authenticate your account, prevent fraud, personalize your web experience, associate your shopping cart or account information with your visit, and advertise to you on other websites.
Internet Protocol addresses which enable us to identify the regional location of your Internet access point, and provide additional information to be associated with pixel tags and cookies.
Browser or mobile device heuristics such as manufacturer, browser type, browser version, mobile or desktop operating system, and other user-agent information.
Creating or Connecting Your Account With Social or ‘Single Sign-On’ Services
We may enable you to register or connect your social media or other service accounts with our registration and account management process. This may include your consent to share your information associated with a third-party service such as Facebook or Google. Once connected‚ you will be able to use this information for Naturopathica transactions, or potentially to post Naturopathica content on the third-party website. Please note that any information or content that you post to a third-party website will be subject to that website’s own Privacy Policy. Should you consent to share information through these services with us, then we may also access and use information from your third-party social network profile‚ such as your name‚ location‚ profile picture and information‚ gender‚ list of friends‚ friends’ profiles or postings‚ email address‚ wall postings and news feed.USE OF YOUR INFORMATIONNaturopathica will primarily use your information to provide our products and services, and to complete core business functions such as authentication, order fulfillment‚ internal business processes‚ marketing‚ loss and fraud prevention‚ and legal functions. Here are some of the ways we use your information:
Fulfill your product orders;
Respond to your requests for information, including regular email communications through newsletters or promotions;
Complete your account registration;
Administer marketing promotions through advertising, sweepstakes, and contests;
Combine information we collect with third-party information to better understand our customers, and conduct more relevant marketing or advertising;
Conduct market research through surveys, analytics or other interactions;
Connect with social media or other tools to enable you to engage with friends or others;
Provide customer service and alert you to product information‚ including potential recalls;
Help us improve our products or services;
Protect the security or integrity of our business.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may disclose information we collect with third parties for the following purposes:
Operational Service ProvidersIn order to fulfill our products and services, we may use payment processors‚ shipping agents‚ product fulfillment services‚ marketing service providers such as email and web analytics, and companies that help us improve our website, retail, catalog or other service offerings. With any of these providers, we require them to secure your information from unauthorized access, and prohibit these services from using the information for their own independent marketing purpose.
Catalog Marketing Services
Naturopathica participates in a cooperative network with other mail-order catalog providers. As a result, we may share your postal address and related customer information with carefully selected companies who may offer you complementary products and services. As noted in the ‘Controls’ section below, you may opt-out of this type of information sharing at any time.
Legal, Regulatory or Other Necessary PurposesIf we receive a valid subpoena or regulatory inquiry, we may be compelled to share your information with relevant authorities, courts or other officials. We may also provide information to third parties if we need to protect or defend our legal rights‚ property or operations such as combating fraud. Business TransfersAs Naturopathica continues to develop, we may buy, sell or combine with other businesses. If so, any information that we or other businesses have collected may be transferred as part of the transaction. If we sell any part of our business, you consent that your customer information may be included with the sale of our other business assets.
CONTROLS WITH YOUR INFORMATION COLLECTION OR USEYou have numerous choices regarding how your data is collected, used or shared.
Email CommunicationsWithin each commercial email, we include an unsubscribe link that you can follow to opt-out, or potentially reduce the frequency of emails you receive from us. We process opt-outs immediately, but it may take up to 10 business days if there is a technical challenge. Even if you opt-out, we may still communicate with you for transactional purposes such as receipts, shipping notices, customer service‚ product or service recall, health or warranty alerts.
Cookies and Online AdvertisingYou may block Naturopathica and third-party cookies on this website through your browser controls, but if you do so, we may be unable to remember your shopping cart or personalize your account.
We work with numerous third-party advertising services who assist with our various online display and social advertising campaigns. These services may use your browsing history from this website or customer information to serve Naturopathica targeted ads to you on other websites. If you would like to learn more or opt-out of these types of third party ads, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance website at www.aboutads.info.
You may also choose to delete your cookies associated with this website, but if you do so, you will need to repeat the opt-out process.
Catalog MailingsAs noted, we may share your postal address with complimentary mail-order catalog companies. If you would like to opt-out of this information sharing and from receiving Naturopathica catalogs, please mail us a letter with your full name and mailing address associated with your account to:
Attn: Direct MailNaturopathica127 W 26th Street, 11th FlNew York, NY 10001
Please note, it may take up to 30 days to process your opt-out request.
For California residents, please note that at this time we do not provide a list of third-party recipients of postal data sharing, and instead provide you with the alternative to opt-out by following the instructions above.
We may retain your information even after you have made opt-out choices if we deem it necessary to comply with our regulatory or other legal obligations, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud, or maintain your suppression status. We also may also retain anonymous or otherwise de-identified information indefinitely.
INFORMATION SECURITYThe security of your personal information is important to us. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to secure your personal information. We use security measures consistent with industry standards, such as firewalls and encryption technology such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our website or service providers, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted.
CHILDRENNaturopathica products are not intended or suitable for use by children under thirteen. Our website is not designed for use by children under the age of thirteen, and we ask that website visitors under the age of thirteen not submit any personal information through our website. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and therefore we do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
INTERNATIONALNaturopathica distributes products internationally. Orders requiring international shipping may be placed over the phone by calling our Customer Care team at 646-979-3997 during business hours of Monday – Friday 9:00am to 5:00pm EST. The international shipping fee is $30.00 USD. All international sales are final.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYNaturopathica may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. We will also notify you of material changes either by email and/or by a notice on this website.
CONTACT USPlease contact us at any time. If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@naturopathica.com.
_________________________
Cookie Policy
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small text files that are stored within your internet browser by the websites that you visit. In a similar way to many other websites, naturopathica.com places cookies on your device to understand more about your visit and help us to enhance your experience.
HOW DOES NATUROPATHICA.COM USE COOKIES?Cookies are used for various aspects of functionality such as keeping track of the items in your shopping bag, learning more about how you arrived at our website and to store your preferences, so you don’t have to enter them each time you visit.
See below for the types of cookies we use and the functionality they support.
COOKIE TYPES THAT NATUROPATHICA.COM USES:
Essential Cookies
These are cookies that our website needs in order to function and if they are not accepted by you, parts of the site won’t be usable. Examples of where these cookies are used include: to store how many items are in your shopping bag, to anonymously determine when you are signed in, and to determine which currency we should use based on your preferred delivery location when displaying prices to you.
Third-Party Cookies
Aside from setting cookies ourselves, we also allow carefully-selected third parties to set cookies during your visit to our website. These organizations provide us with information on how you use harrods.com. They may also use cookies to promote our newest products and latest offers to you on other websites based on your activity at harrods.com. For example, you may see products that you viewed at harrods.com presented on other websites as you move around the internet. Some of our partners will use your location to provide more relevant messaging.
Read on to learn how to disable these cookies should you wish to switch this feature off.
Analytics Cookies
We use various software tools that allow us to study, and then improve, how customers interact with our website - this is known as website analytics. Examples of analytical tools that we use are Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and User Replay.
Analytics cookies allow us to understand more about how many visitors we have to the website, how many times they visit harrods.com and how many times a user viewed specific webpages within our site. Although analytics cookies allow us to gather specific information about the pages that you visit and whether you have visited naturopathic.com.com multiple times, we cannot use them to find out details such as your name or address.
HOW CAN I MANAGE MY COOKIES?
If you do not want to accept cookies from naturopathica.com, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. If you choose to do this, please be aware naturopathica.com may no longer function as intended.
HOW CAN I TURN MY COOKIES OFF?
All popular browsers (e.g. Chrome, Internet Explorer, Edge and Safari) allow you to amend your cookie settings so that cookies are no longer enabled across all websites that you visit. You can find information explaining how to disable cookies for the main browsers in the options settings for each.
For any queries regarding your visit to naturopathica.com, please contact our Customer Service team at service@naturopathica.com.