http://www.comvita.com/privacy-policy
×
Get A FREE Propolis Oral Spray with Any Purchase of $50 or More! Plus FREE Domestic Shipping.
Privacy Policy
1.  PRIVACY POLICY
Comvita Limited (“Comvita”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which Comvita collects information from you and also the basis on which any such information collected from you is dealt with. By accessing:
(a)  The Comvita website at www.comvita.com (“Website”);
(b)  Any other social media website or page, containing pages or content established by or associated with Comvita, including but not limited to:
(i)  www.facebook.com
(ii)  www.twitter.com
(“the Internet Sites”) you are deemed to have read and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must not access the Internet Sites.
2.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS
As well as this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions of Use (“Terms and Conditions”) for the Internet Sites also govern your access to and use of the Internet Sites. You should ensure that you read the Terms and Conditions in conjunction with this Privacy Policy. By accessing the Internet Sites you are deemed to have read and agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions as well as this Privacy Policy. In addition, if you are purchasing goods from the Website (“Goods”) you should ensure you read the Terms of Purchase as these will govern the purchase of any Goods you make.
3.  AMENDMENTS
Comvita reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Amendments will be effective immediately upon being placed on the Website. Your continued use of the Internet Sites following such amendments being placed on the Website will represent an agreement by you to be bound by the Privacy Policy as amended.
4.  AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED INFORMATION
Whenever you access any of the Internet Sites Comvita will, and is entitled to, automatically collect the following types of information from you:
(a)  The IP address of your machine when connected to the internet and the domain name from which you are accessing the internet;
(b)  The operating system and the browser your computer uses and any search engine you are using;
(c)  The date and time you are visiting; and
(d)  The URL’s of the pages you visit.
5.  SUBMITTED INFORMATION
Additional to automatically collected information dealt with by clause 4 (above), we may collect information posted by you explicitly on the Internet Sites. This includes information such as:
(a)  Your name, gender, email address and other personal details such as a telephone number; and
(b)  Any other comments, statements or interactions posted as a Post or otherwise.
6.  FURTHER COLLECTION
Comvita also reserves the right to collect more extensive information where it deems such action is appropriate, such as in the case of any security concerns which may arise. Where possible, information will be obtained directly from you. However, you acknowledge that by accessing the Internet Sites information may be collected from you as a result of the workings of the Internet Sites and the attached systems and software.
7.  FACEBOOK
Comvita’s Facebook page is set to the “everyone” setting in accordance with Facebook’s terms and conditions. This means that information you post is publically available and may be accessed by everyone on the internet, be indexed by third party search enquiries and be imported exported, distributed and redistributed by us and others, without privacy limitations.
8.  USE OF INFORMATION
Comvita uses the information provided by you or generated by your use of the Internet Sites to provide you with any services or Goods you may request from Comvita. Comvita also uses information collected from you to assess the performance of the Internet Sites, to ensure that the Internet Sites serve your needs in the most efficient manner possible, and for Comvita’s marketing purposes.
In posting a Post (as defined in clause 8 of the Terms and Conditions of Use) on any of the Internet Sites, you are deemed to consent to Comvita publishing or otherwise using that Post for marketing and other purposes. This includes the content from any feedback from submitted by you on the Website.
Comvita will not provide information provided by you to any third party for their use in marketing their products or services to you without your consent but we do not control Facebook’s or Twitter’s use of such information.
9.  COOKIES
Comvita may also place cookies on your computer. Cookies are alpha numeric identifiers which are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable Comvita to recognise you whenever you access the Internet Sites and therefore better personalise your access of the Internet Sites. A cookie does not identify you personally but it does identify your computer. The help portion of your browser’s toolbar should tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive new cookies, or how to disable cookies altogether. You should note however that if you do not allow the use of cookies or do not wish to provide certain information to Comvita you may not be able to take full advantage of the Internet Sites and the range of services and goods offered by Comvita.
10.  STATISTICS
Comvita may use and publish non-personal aggregate statistics and group data about those people who access the Internet Sites and their usage of the Internet Sites. However, subject to the further terms of this Privacy Policy, Comvita will not share or make public information about you without your prior permission.
11.  DATA TRANSMISSION
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed as totally secure. Whilst Comvita strives to protect such information, we do not warrant, and cannot ensure complete security of any information which you transmit to us. Accordingly, any information which you transmit to us is transmitted at your own risk. Nevertheless, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable steps to preserve the security of such information.
12.  ACCESSING INFORMATION
You are entitled to access any information which Comvita may hold about you and Comvita is obliged to provide this information to you as long as it has such information and such information can be readily retrieved. You are also entitled to request Comvita correct any inaccuracies in any information which Comvita holds about you. Comvita is entitled to charge you for the reasonable costs of retrieving, providing this information, and as applicable correcting this information.
13.  PROVIDING INFORMATION
You agree that Comvita may provide any personal information it collects about you to its related companies (as defined in section 2(3) of the Companies Act 1993 (NZ)), debt collection and credit reference agencies and any other parties it deems necessary in relation to providing you access to the Internet Sites, for any services you access or Goods you purchase from the Website, to recover any money you owe to Comvita and to exercise any lawful right Comvita, its related companies or debt collection and credit reference agencies may have. You also authorise any person to provide Comvita with such information as Comvita may require in response to credit enquiries.
14.  DISCLOSING INFORMATION
You agree that Comvita is entitled to disclose information it holds about you without your prior permission if Comvita reasonably believes that such disclosure is necessary to:
(a)  Conform to legal requirements;
(b)  Comply with legal process or help to maintain the law;
(c)  Protect the rights or property of Comvita or its related companies; or
(d)  Enforce the Terms of Conditions of access to this Website.
15.  COMBINING INFORMATION
Comvita may combine any information which it collects from you with information collected by its related companies.
16.  STORAGE
You should be aware that information which Comvita collects from you may be stored or processed outside of New Zealand.
17.  WAIVER
If Comvita delays or does not exercise any of its rights and remedies available to it under this Privacy Policy, that will not be a waiver of that right or remedy.
18.  SEVERABILITY
If any provision of this Privacy Policy is held to be invalid, void, unenforceable or illegal for any reason, such provision shall be deemed to be severed from this Privacy Policy and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force.
19.  PRIVACY ACT
This Policy does not affect your rights under the Privacy Act 1993.
20.  QUERIES
If you have any queries in regard to our Privacy Policy please don’t hesitate to contact Comvita.
For personal data requests please use our contact us page or phone us toll free on Telephone:  1.855.449.2201
TERMS AND CONDITIONS - click here to see our Terms and Conditions.
Back to top