http://www.nicemuscle.com/privacy.htm
Browse Categories
Browse Brands
Your Account
Bodybuilding Forums
Stuff: Your cart is empty.
Top Sellers - [View All]Extreme Body RTD 50 ShakeRussian Bear 5000 PowderMus-L Blast 2000NOX2Extreme Smoothie
Sale Items - [View All]
Muscle Milk
NoX2
1-TU
Protein - [View All]
Nitro-Tech Bars
Pro Complex
Isopure Protein
Muscle Milk
Creatine - [All]
Betagen
Cell-Tech Creatine
Creatine Serum
Dimaxx Creatine
Muscle Building - [All]
L-Glutamine
NO
Nitrix
NOX2
ErgoPharm 6-OXO
Cytomax
Fat Loss - [View All]
Body Fat Index
Ephedra
Xenadrine EFX
Hydroxycut
Lean System 7
Cutting Gel
Ripped Fuel
Meal Replacement - [All]
Myoplex
Myoplex Lite
Myoplex Deluxe
Privacy and Security Policy
At NiceMuscle.com we protect your privacy as if it were our own. We use the information you provide to us for four purposes only: to process your order(s), to reply to your questions, provide our newsletter via email and to incorporate your feedback into improvements to our web site. We will not ever give, sell, or rent your personal information or specific account activity to anyone for any reason except as required by law.
SecurityWe use 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt the information you send us when you place your order. The information is encrypted on your computer, sent through the Internet as encrypted code, and decoded on NiceMuscle.com's secure server. It cannot be read in transit.
No credit card information is ever stored in our database.
Once the transaction is complete our server destroys the credit card information you supplied during checkout.
Additionally we employ our own proprietary technology to recognize potentially fraudulent transactions, collect information on the potentially fraudulent transaction, and ban the user from continuing use of the checkout process until a NiceMuscle.com employee can review the account in question.
Information We Collect
In designing this site, we started with the core belief that customer service is our number one priority. Therefore the customer information we collect is used to enhance our services to our customers.
When you visit this website, we collect non-personal information about your visit. We collect your IP address, browser type, referrer domain name, and we log the length of time of your visit and the number of times you visit and purchase from us. We assign you a unique internal identifier to help keep track of your future visits. We use this information to gather aggregate demographic information about our visitors, and we use it to personalize the information you see on our website and the emails you receive from us (should you grant us permission to send to you). We keep this information for our internal use; we do not share it with others.
Our site uses cookies to store information between visits to our site. Cookies are a mechanism to remember information about a visitor from one page to another. Web browsers store cookies so that the browser itself can remember some information and then, on request, pass all that information up to the server at one time. We use cookies to remember your name and the contents of your shopping cart. This allows you to leave our site, come back later, and still have the contents of your shopping cart intact. It also lets us personalize your experience at NiceMuscle.com, LLC, tailoring the content to your interests. Our website requires the use of cookies. Turning off cookies or rejecting the NiceMuscle.com cookie will prevent you from completing a purchase on the website.
If you place an online order, our secure order form requests contact, billing, and financial information (such as your credit card numbers for purchases). Contact information from the order form (email address, name, billing and shipping address, and phone number) is used to send orders and information about our company to you. Your contact information is also used to get in touch with you should we have questions regarding your order or should we need to notify you of the status of your order. And yes, you can opt not to get email from us, as described in the opt-out section below. The credit card information we collect is used ONLY to bill you for products you purchase. For your safety, your credit card information is never stored on our server. You will automatically be registered to receive our newsletters unless you opt-out at the time of registration. You may opt-out at any later time by following the unsubscribe instructions in the newsletter or sending an email with the word UNSUBSCRIBE followed by your email address in the subject of the email (example: UNSUBSCRIBE youremail@emailaddress.com).
We have several types of third-party relationships.
We use third-party intermediaries. When you purchase from us, we send your credit card information, name, and billing address to credit card companies for verification and to authorize your purchase.
We occasionally run our own online surveys and we ask visitors for contact information (such as email address) and demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about our company. You may opt-out of the survey and also opt-out of any future mailings at the time of the survey. The demographic information is used to learn more about the types of people who visit our site. This information is not shared with any other parties currently. We reserve the right to share this information with other parties in the future in an aggregated format that would not disclose any personally identifiable information.
Opt-Out
If you decide to opt out of our newsletter, our emails provide you the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us. You can also opt-out by emailing us with the word unsubscribe followed by your email address in the subject line of the email.
Links
This site contains links to other sites. NiceMuscle.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Delete/Deactivate
This site gives you the following options for removing your information from our database, to not receive future communications, or to no longer receive our service.
You can email us
You can send mail to the following postal address:
NiceMuscle.com, LLC
6512 Six Forks Rd. Ste 601B
Raleigh, NC 27615
Change/Modify
Our site provides you the opportunity to correct or update your account information. You can do this by:
You can email us
Send mail to the following postal address:
NiceMuscle.com, LLC
6512 Six Forks Rd. Ste 601B
Raleigh, NC 27615
When You Send Email to our Customer Service Department
We provide an online form that allows you to contact us directly with any questions or comments you may have. We read every message sent in and try to reply promptly to every one. The information you send us is used to respond directly to your questions and comments. We also keep your email correspondence on file so that we may better serve you should you have additional questions in the future. Your personal information is not shared with third parties (such as manufacturers).
How We Notify You of Changes to our Privacy Policy
Whenever we change our privacy policy, we will post a notice on our website indicating that a new version is available. If NiceMuscle.com changes how it uses a users personally identifiable information, the user will be notified by email and they may opt-out at that time. However, if you have opted-out of all communication with the site you will not be contacted, nor will your personally identifiable information be used in this new manner.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Customer Service
NiceMuscle.com, LLC
6512 Six Forks Rd. Ste 601B
Raleigh, NC 27615
To email: click here
Home  |  Contact Us  |  Return Policy  |  Shipping Cost  |  What Our Customers Are Saying
Bodybuilding Sites  |  Discontinued Brands  |  Terms of Use  |  Security and Privacy
© Copyright 2002-2006 nicemuscle.com