http://www.india-showroom.com/info/privacy
Login  |  Signup  |  Orders
Advanced search
Home
Store Policies
Contact Us
Wedding Services
Cart (0 items)
Privacy policy
The data we collect
Under the requirements of the new European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the European Union and the European Economic Area, India Showroom (india-showroom.com) has the obligation to safely store and process the data you provide only for the purposes mentioned in this document.
The India Showroom (india-showroom.com) website is operated by India Showroom, registered under the Company Number EIN and with offices located in 367 Teal Drive, USA PA, Hollidaysburg.
India Showroom (india-showroom.com) is a Data Controller for the data that you provide to us as Data Subject.
The personal data you may provide
We process your personal information to operate, provide, and improve the Services that we offer our customers. These purposes include:
Purchase and delivery of products and services that you request from us;
Evaluation of the products and services that we provide to you;
Providing you as registered user with the features of this website;
Managing our website;
Analysis and improvement of our website, retail offering and advertising;
Providing you with access to promotional actions, giveaways, competitions;
Sending you non-commercial or functional messages (regarding website changes, your user account etc.);
Sending you promotional and advertising messages regarding the retail offering of India Showroom (india-showroom.com), but only if you have given your consent.
How we may use your personal data
Your personal data is processed at our headquarters.
We may share your personal data with our service providers, suppliers, business partners and sub-contractors, search engine and web analytics providers. India Showroom (india-showroom.com) does not store any information about your credit card.
We may disclose your personal information to other parties in order to protect ourselves from fraud or to protect our legal rights. We may also disclose your information if required by law.
How long we keep your data
We will not keep your personal information for any purpose(s) for longer than is necessary and we will only retain the relevant personal information that is necessary in relation to the purpose. We will retain the personal information you provided on registering an account on our website so long as that account remains in existence. Following your request that you can send to India Showroom (india-showroom.com) by email at webmaster@example.com or by accessing the designated features available within your user account on the website, you can request the cancellation of you user account and the deletion or anonymization of your information.
We will keep your personal information for marketing purposes so long as you do not notify us that you would no longer like to receive marketing messages from us.
What are your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by contacting us at webmaster@example.com. Where you have consented to us using your personal data, you can withdraw that consent at any time by contacting us.
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you can notify us and ask us to correct or supplement it.
To exercise these rights or if you have any queries or concerns regarding how we use your personal data, please contact us at webmaster@example.com.
Shop by category
"Traditional Asian Clothings"Indian SareesLehnga CholiSalwaar Suits"Men's Clothings""Western-Indo Clothings"Ladies Dresses"Collection of Bags""Winter Wears"Ladies Jackets & CoatsQuilted Jackets"Home Furnishings & Textile""Jewellery""Wedding Services"
Subscribe to newsletter
Would you like to receive our emails regarding discounts and special offers? Sign up now for our newsletter and stay up to date with everything that's new!
Subscribe
Information
About usTerms and conditionsPrivacy policy
Payment and shipping
How to buyCartPayment methodsShipping and returns
Support
Contact usFAQSitemap
Customer account
SignupForgot passwordOrders
MerchantPro e-Commerce Solution
Report abuse