https://www.talkncoffee.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Coffee
Regular Coffee
Flavored Coffee
Decaf Coffee
Decaf Flavored Coffee
Premium Coffee
Tea
White Tea
Green Tea
Black Tea
Red Tea
Organic Tea
Flavor Shot
Bulk Flavor Can
Single Serving Flavor
Twist Stir
Flavored Syrups
Gourmet Chocolate
Gift Certificates
Coffee
Coffee of The Month
Premium Coffee
Regular Coffee
Regular Coffee Sampler
Regular Flavored Coffee
Flavored Coffee Samplers
Decaf Coffee
Decaf Flavored Coffee
Organic Coffee
Green Coffee Beans
Flavor Shot Coffee Flavoring
Coffee Flavoring Singles
Coffee & Tea Gift Baskets
David Rio Chai
Gift Certificates
Gourmet Chocolate
Wedding Favors
Coffee Talk BlogPrivacy PolicyReturn PolicyShipping PolicySite MapShopping Cart HelpCoffee and Tea Links
Home > Privacy Policy
February 15, 2009
Privacy Policy
Talk N’ Coffee believes in keeping your information secure as if it was our own.  This privacy policy describes the information that will we collect from you the customer through use of our website or via the phone or email.  Our policy also includes the way your information will be used and protected.
By using our services and viewing this Site, you are consenting to the information collection, use and disclosure practices described in this privacy policy.
Please note the date at the top of this page.  Anytime our policy is updated this date will change to reflect date it was changed on.  Please check our policy page as it can change from time to time without notice.
If you have any questions or concerns about our policy please feel free to contact us anytime via the phone number provided on the contact us page and in our header.
Links to Sites:  Links to other sites may be found on our website.  We are not responsible for the information these site will collect and how they will use your information.  Please review there privacy policies and terms as they have no affiliation with Talk N’ Coffee.  Once you click the link to any external site Talk N’ Coffee assumes no responsibility for your information.
International users. If you are located outside of the
United States, please note that this Site is hosted on our computer servers in the
United States. Any personal information collected through this Site may be transferred to the
United States and other countries that might not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. Your use of this Site or submission of any personal information will therefore constitute your consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country.
Personal Information Collected:  Some of the personal information that may be collected includes
name, address, phone number, e-mail address,
financial information, such as credit card number;
shipping information
Non personal information: Business contact information (i.e. office address, telephone number) is not considered personal information in certain jurisdictions.
Information such as ip address, service provider, browser type, domain name, and other web related information may be gathered for your personal security.
What does Talk N’ Coffee do with my information?  Talk N’ Coffee has a strict policy on emails and mailing.  As a company we believe it is wrong to send abundant amounts of emails or postcards for soliciting business.  We all receive junk mail everyday so we keep our mailings to a minimum.  So what do we do with your information?
From time to time we will email you our specials.
We may notify you of a promotions or special limited time product.
You may receive a postcard by mail of upcoming events, specials, products or even just a thank you for your continued support.
Your information may also be used to contact you in case of a problem with your order.  In this case the method of contact will either be the phone provided or email.
Will you information be shared with a third party?  Absolutely not.  All information collect is for our company use only and not to be shared with any outside party.  The information is only used by our company and sub companies (i.e. Twist Stir and Flavor Shot).
How can I be removed from your mailings?  All of our emails include an opt out function that will allow you to be removed from our list forever.  If you update your information by entering a new email address that address will be added to our mailings.  You must then opt out again to be removed.
To be removed from any postage mailing please send us and email or call at the number provided and you will be removed from our list.
How can I change or remove my personal information?  If you would like to change your personal information log onto your account and you can edited your personal information including your name, address, phone number, and email.  You can also change your password in this section as well.  Talk N’ Coffee suggests that your password be unique and include letters and numbers to be more secure.  Your password must be at least 6 characters long but does not have to include both letters and numbers.
If you would like your account to be removed from our site please email us using the form on the contact us page.
How is my personal information secured?  Talk N’ Coffee strives to maintain a safe and secure site.  Our site is protected by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your information is sent safely over the internet to us.
Terms and Conditions: Please also visit our Return Policy and Shipping Policy section that explains other terms governing the use of the site.
Questions and Feedback: We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any questions you may have via our contact us form on the contact us page.
If you would like you may also mail us at this address:
Talk N’ Coffee
1353 Hurffville Rd.
Deptford,
NJ
08096
Popular Search Terms
Today's Coffee News Gift Certificates
See How Coffee
is Roasted
Talk N Coffee
Store Pictures Store Hours
Your cart is empty.
Email Address:
Password:
Remember Me
Create an account
Forgot Password?
Coffee Calendar