https://www.tuckermanandtamalpais.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to contentPrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy:Tuckerman and Tamalpais ("Tuckerman and Tamalpais") operates tuckermanandtamalpais.com and may operate other websites. It is Tuckerman and Tamalpais's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.Website VisitorsLike most website operators, Tuckerman and Tamalpais collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Tuckerman and Tamalpais's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Tuckerman and Tamalpais's visitors use its website. From time to time, Tuckerman and Tamalpais may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.Tuckerman and Tamalpais also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on tuckermanandtamalpais.com blogs/sites. Tuckerman and Tamalpais only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.Gathering of Personally-Identifying InformationCertain visitors to Tuckerman and Tamalpais's websites choose to interact with Tuckerman and Tamalpais in ways that require Tuckerman and Tamalpais to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Tuckerman and Tamalpais gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at tuckermanandtamalpais.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Tuckerman and Tamalpais are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Tuckerman and Tamalpais collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Tuckerman and Tamalpais. Tuckerman and Tamalpais does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.Aggregated StatisticsTuckerman and Tamalpais may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Tuckerman and Tamalpais may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Tuckerman and Tamalpais does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying InformationTuckerman and Tamalpais discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Tuckerman and Tamalpais's behalf or to provide services available at Tuckerman and Tamalpais's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Tuckerman and Tamalpais's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Tuckerman and Tamalpais will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Tuckerman and Tamalpais discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Tuckerman and Tamalpais believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Tuckerman and Tamalpais, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Tuckerman and Tamalpais website and have supplied your email address, Tuckerman and Tamalpais may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Tuckerman and Tamalpais and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Tuckerman and Tamalpais takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.CookiesA cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Tuckerman and Tamalpais uses cookies to help Tuckerman and Tamalpais identify and track visitors, their usage of Tuckerman and Tamalpais website, and their website access preferences. Tuckerman and Tamalpais visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Tuckerman and Tamalpais's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Tuckerman and Tamalpais's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.Business TransfersIf Tuckerman and Tamalpais, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Tuckerman and Tamalpais goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Tuckerman and Tamalpais may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.AdsAds appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Tuckerman and Tamalpais and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Privacy Policy ChangesAlthough most changes are likely to be minor, Tuckerman and Tamalpais may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Tuckerman and Tamalpais's sole discretion. Tuckerman and Tamalpais encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a tuckermanandtamalpais.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.Recent Posts Kitchen Lighting Ideas & Fixtures for Your HomeNovember 15, 2020 Flooring: Colored Decorative TilesNovember 2, 2019 Home Roofing Material: Solar ShinglesOctober 11, 2019 Things to Consider before Purchasing Attic LadderSeptember 30, 2019 Basement FlooringSeptember 4, 2019ShareFacebookPinterestTwitterLinkedin