https://www.salsa-dvds.com/privacy-policy
Steps4Salsa
Your Currency:
Euro - EUR
US Dollar - USD
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Home
Dance
Salsa
Beginners */**/***
Intermediate ***/****
Advanced ****/*****
Bachata
ChaCha
Merengue
Reggaeton
Rueda de Casino
Cuban
Pachanga
Rumba
Bachatango
Zouk
Kizomba
Semba
Latin Exersize
Other Dances
Instructors
Instructors A-E
Afrolatin Connection
Al Espinoza
Alberto Valdes
Alex Lima
Alison Hurwitz
Amanda Estilo
Angel & Tulane Rivera
Ania Chagowska
Anne & Anichi
Ataca & la Alemana: Island Touch
Ava Apple
Brian & Mechteld
Carlos el Unico Bachatero
Charlene Rose
Claudio Gomez: Zouklovers
Christian Jean Francois
Cuban Dance: José Carrion
Dani de Francesco
Dave Paris
Dirty Salsa
Eddie Torres
Edie, the Salsa Freak
Elder Sanchez
Elegua
Enio & Terryl
Instructors F-L
Gregrory Campillo & Jessica Diaz
Fabrizio (Fabsalseros)
Felipe Polanco
Granda Dance Project
Hacha y Machete
Hips on Fire
Inaki Hernandez
Irene Miguel
Iris de Brito
Ismael Otero
Ismaray Chacon 'Aspirina'
Jami Josephson
Jazzy Dance Co
Johnny Vazquez
Jorge Contreras
Jorjet Alcocer
Jose Francisco Barroso
Josie Neglia
Juan Ruiz
Karla Palomino Espinoza
Laura Canellias
Leon Rose
Lisa Nunziella
Loco Amor Prod
Louis Tirado
Instructors M-R
Mambo Mom: Susan Peach
MamboCaliente
Manuel Mascarell
Marcelo Nascimento
Marchant Birch
Marlon & Annetje Castillo
Masacote
MasSalsaBrava
Melissa Fernandez
Melissa Rosado
Miguel Monteiro
Mirella
Nelson & Sophia KentSalsa
Nelson Flores
Nuno & Vanda
Oliver Pineda
Omar Chocolate
Orod & Dessy: Cubandance
Orville Small
Pupy Insua
Pura Salsa
Robert Cordoba & Deborah Székely
Ruby Karen
Instructors S-Z
Salsa Brava
Salsability
SalsaCrazy
SalsAddiction (Brian & Mechteld)
SalsaIsGood
Salsalife: Helder & Sandra
SalsaMania
SalsAventura / Morry
Saltuya
Santo Rico
Seaon 'Stylist'
SondeLuz
Strictly Salsa
SuperMario
Susana Montero
Swinguys
Tamambo
Tenia
Tomaj Trenda
Tony Lara
Troy & Jorjet
Universalsa
Vanda
Waldemar Guijarro
Yoannis Tamayo
Yvonne Laycy (form Goldsmith)
Timing
On1
On2
Technique & Styling
Shines
Ladies Technique & Styling
Men's Technique & Styling
Various Techniques
Congress & Festival
Los Angeles Salsa Congress
European Salsa Congresses
Other Congresses
Salsa Accessories
Arm Wallet Black Studded
Arm Wallet Black
Arm Wallet Blue
Arm Wallet White Studded
Arm Wallet Dark Brown
Arm Wallet Light Brown
CD's
Home
/
Privacy Policy of Salsa-DVDs.com, your one stop shop for Latin & Salsa Instruction and Show DVD s
Search
Go
Privacy Policy
Steps4salsa and Salsa-videos.com are divisions of Steps4Dance.
At Steps4salsa and Salsa-videos.com we respect your privacy.
We have created this privacy policy and statement to demonstrate our commitment to protecting the privacy of our members and we are disclosing our policy to you so that you can be aware of our information and gathering practices.
Although we collect information about you, we will not knowingly disclose personal identifying information about you to third parties without first obtaining your consent.
The following links provide detailed information about how we gather information about you and about our privacy practices:
1. What personal information do we gather about you?
2. How is information about you used?
3. With whom do we share your information?
4. What choices do you have regarding the collection and use of information about you?
5. How can you access and change or delete information about you?
6. Amendments to our privacy policy.
7. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
1. What general and personal information do we gather about you?
Steps4salsa and Salsa-videos.com collect a variety of personal information about you. In addition, if you register for certain services at steps4salsa.com or salsa-videos.com, then during your registration process with steps4salsa.com or salsa-videos.com, we may ask you to provide us with personal information including, but not limited to your name, email address and information needed to send you your purchases.
2. How is the information used?
Steps4salsa.com and Salsa-videos.com use your information to monitor general use of our service and to provide personalized service to you and to better serve you. For example, we may use the personal information that you have provided us to send an e-mail in response to a question that you have asked. In addition, we may, from time to time, send e-mail messages to you regarding shopping opportunities that we think may be
of interest to you. In addition, as discussed below under the subtitle "With whom do we share the information?" we may release your information to law enforcement agencies in certain situations.
3. With whom do we share the information?
Steps4salsa.com and Salsa-videos.com will not use or disclose your personal information with any third party without your prior express consent except (I) as necessary to provide the Site, (II) as required by law, governmental authority or court orders, (III) in order to cooperate with law enforcement authorities or governmental regulatory bodies or (iv) as we deem necessary to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy.
We may ask your permission to release your personal information to a third party. If you consent to such release, then that third party will have access to your information. If you do not consent, then we will not release your personal information to that third party.
We may contain links to other sites from our web site. Steps4salsa.com and Salsa-videos.com does not control the content or practices of any other site, including what information those sites collect about you. Although we try to link only to reputable companies, we do not control the privacy policies of any web site other than ours and we do not hold ourselves responsible for the privacy policies of any site that you may link to from our site. In addition, you may choose to respond to advertisements that are posted on our web site or to direct marketing offers from third party sponsors or advertisers. We do not control the content or practices of our sponsors or advertisers and, accordingly, we do not hold ourselves responsible for the privacy policies of any third party sponsors or advertisers who may collect information about you.
Steps4salsa.com and Salsa-videos.com cooperate with law enforcement agencies to identify those who use our services for illegal activities. Steps4salsa.com and Salsa-videos.com reserve the right to release information to law enforcement agencies about our registered users or any user of our Site who we believe is in violation of applicable law, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe may be unlawful.
4. What choices do you have regarding the collection and use of information about you?
It is Steps4salsa.com and Salsa-videos.com's policy not to share user personal information with third parties who would use such information for direct marketing purposes. From time to time, we may contact you directly via email to make you aware of changes to our Site or the Service, to respond to questions or to deliver direct marketing material that we believe is appropriate for you. You may elect to opt-in or opt-out of the receipt of direct marketing material from us by sending an email to info@salsa-videos.com or info@steps4salsa.com; provided, however, that Steps4Dance shall be entitled to a commercially reasonable time after receipt of such election or modification to implement any changes to your election.
5. How can you access and change or delete information about you?
You can access or amend your personal information from our online servers by sending an email to info@salsa-videos.com or info@steps4salsa.com and following the process set forth in the response to your email. You may choose to opt out of direct marketing materials from Salsa-videos.com or Steps4dance.com and remove your personal information from our servers at any time by sending an email to info@salsa-videos.com or info@steps4salsa.com and typing "unsubscribe" in the subject field.
6. Amendments to our Privacy Policy.
We may, from time to time, amend our Privacy Policy. If we do, then we will post such amendments to this document so that you may always have access to our most recent policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of our Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. This Privacy Policy has not been modified since its original posting date of August 28, 2001.
7. Acknowledgment and Acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Site is subject to this Privacy Policy and, by using the Site and/or registering as a user on the Site, you affirmatively agree to all terms of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your continued agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy, then you are not permitted to use the Site and, if you have provided personal information to us via the Site, then we ask that you remove your personal information, as described in paragraph 5 above.
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Follow us
Newsletter Sign-up:
Submit
Information
About Us
Ordering
Conditions of Use
About Your Order
Privacy Policy
Links
Privacy Policy
Information
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us
© 2011 Steps4Salsa. All Rights Reserved.