http://www.cmple.com/privacy-policy
Christmas Sale is Here - Savings up to 45% OFF
Free Shipping on selected items
Privacy Policy
Your security is a priority at Cmple.com. To provide credit card security and keep your personal information safe, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, the most widely used data encryption coding system for secure e-commerce transactions. All of your information is encrypted (scrambled) prior to being sent over the Internet to our system. To protect your information once we receive it, we place it on systems behind secure firewalls, which are communication-management computers designed to keep information safe and inaccessible to other Internet users. If your browser doesn't accept the SSL technology, transactions will not be permitted.
For return visits to the site, we can also store your credit card information in our system using that same technology. Shopping at Cmple.com is safe, convenient and secure.
To confirm that your connection is secure, look for a locked padlock icon or solid key icon at the bottom of your browser window. The letters "https" (rather than "http") located in the URL address window at the top of your browser also indicate that you are using a secure browser.
How do we collect your information?
Registration and Ordering: In order to use certain parts of this Site or order products, all customers must fill out an online registration form with personal information, including but not limited to, your name, shipping and billing address(es), your country of residence, phone number, email address, and credit card number. This information is used for billing, order processing and internal marketing as well as to communicate with you about your order and our site.
Log Files: Like most websites, the Site server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access this Site. We may also log your Internet protocol (IP) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)
Product Reviews: We ask for an email address and location along with the submission of all product reviews. Your email address will be kept private, but your location will be visible to other users. All other personal information that you choose to submit as part of the review will be available to other visitors to the Site.
How do we use your personal information?
Internal Use: We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with customer service. We may use your personal information internally to collect general information about visitors to this Site, improve Site content and layout, improve our outreach, and market our services and products.
Communication with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about our Site and your orders. All customers must provide an email address to allow communication with Cmple.com regarding orders placed. We may send you a confirmation email after you register with us as well as service-related announcements as necessary You may also submit your email a or to sign up for our email newsletter and special offers. You can unsubscribe or opt out of future emails at any time.
Does Cmple.com ever give out your personal information?
We do not sell, rent, trade, license, or otherwise disclose your personal or financial information to anyone, except in the following specific situation:
Third-party service providers: Like most online retailers, we sometimes use third-party service providers to perform specific functions on our behalf. Any information disclosed to them is solely to help in their provision of service. For example, we provide your name, shipping address, email and phone number to partners such as USPS and UPS in order to guarantee delivery of your orders, and we may use relevant customer information in order to monitor the quality of the third party’s service.Similarly, we must provide your credit card number to financial services organizations such as credit card processors and issuers in order to process payments. We protect all submissions of your credit card number for authorization with state-of-the-art data encryption.
Merger and/or sale of assets: We do not normally sell, trade or rent personal information to other companies in the course of our business. However, it is possible that we might acquire, merge with or be acquired by another company, or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets, in which case your personal information could be disclosed to another company, subject to the Privacy Notice in effect.
Non-personally identifiable information: We may share information that does not identify you or any user, such as the number of daily visitors to a particular page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date, with third parties such as advertising partners.
Contact us
Call
Toll Free
877.718.7575
Email Us
Customer Service Support:
support@cmple.com
Business Inquiries:
sales@cmple.com