http://www.thequilttrail.com/shipping-and-policies.aspx
Shipping and Policies - The Quilt Trail
Home
About Us
Newsletter
Shipping and Policies
Shop Online
View Cart
Check Out
Shipping and Policies
USPS
Over $150.00 free for USPS orders
$1.00 to $9.99 ....................... $3.00
$10.00 to $59.99 ...................... $6.25
$60.00 to $149.99 .................... $12.50
Over $150.00 .......................... FREE
USPS Foreign
Over $150.00 HALF PRICE shipping for USPS FOREIGN orders
Orders up to $39.99................... $13.00
$30.00 to $99.99 ..................... $30.00
$100.00 to $149.99 ................... $60.00
Over $150.00 .......................... HALF PRICED shipping
Privacy Statement
In Stitches / The Quilt Trail has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: thequilttrail.net.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites. thequilttrail.net is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information, unique identifiers, and financial information. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Our online surveys ask visitors for demographic information. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to privacy@thequilttrail.net
You can visit the following URL: http://www.thequilttrail.net
You can call the following telephone number: (402) 382-3282
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email privacy@thequilttrail.net
call the following telephone number: (402) 382-3282
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
The Quilt Trail
216 North Main
Ainsworth, NE 69210
US
Copyright
All Web site design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement thereof, Copyright © 2011 by In Stitches / The Quilt Trail All rights reserved.
Trademarks
The Quilt Trail, the The Quilt Trail logo, all product names, and all page headers, custom graphics, and button icons contained on this site are service marks, trademarks, trade names and/or trade dress of In Stitches / The Quilt Trail All other trademarks, service marks and companies names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
Terms of Use
By accessing, browsing and/or using this site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these terms and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site. In Stitches / The Quilt Trail makes no representation that this site or its contents are appropriate or available for use in any locations outside the United States. Those who choose to access the site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
The Quilt Trail DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND WARRANTIES OF ACCURACY, TIMELINESS OR COMPLETENESS OF THIS SITE OR ITS CONTENTS.
None of The Quilt Trail, any of its directors, employees, agents or representatives will be liable for damages (including, without limitation, any compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties) arising out of or related to, and the use of, this site or its contents.
Site Map |
Printable View |
© 2008 - 2020 The Quilt Trail
Home
Site Map