https://www.coffeebeandirect.com/privacy/
Roasted CoffeeBest SellersRoaster's BlendSingle OriginAfricaIndia & IndonesiaCentral AmericaSouth AmericaNorth America & CaribbeanRoast LevelsLight RoastMedium RoastDark RoastSignature BlendsEspressoFlavored CoffeeRegular FlavoredDecaf FlavoredLimited ReleaseDecaf & Half-CaffChicoryGift CardsUnroasted CoffeeBest SellersSingle OriginAfricaIndia & IndonesiaCentral AmericaSouth AmericaSignature BlendsEspressoDecaf & Half-CaffGift CardsLoose Leaf TeaBest SellersLimited ReleaseBlack TeaEarl Grey TeaFlavored TeaFlavored Black TeaFlavored Herbal TeaGreen TeaHerbal TeaDecaf TeaGift CardsBest SellersRoasted CoffeeUnroasted CoffeeLoose Leaf Tea CommercialLearnAbout Us
Help
888-232-6711Mon-Thur 8am-5pm ET Fri 8am-4pm ET contactus@coffeebeandirect.com
FAQs Shipping & Returns
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective Date: June 30, 2017
Coffee Bean Direct, LLC (“Coffee Bean Direct,” “Us,” “We,” or “Our”), which provides the www.coffeebeandirect.com website and various related services and Coffee Bean Direct branded websites and web pages on which this Privacy Policy is posted (collectively, the “Website”), recognizes that users of the Website (collectively or individually “Users”) value their privacy. This Privacy Policy details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Website. Coffee Bean Direct provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to utilize or continue utilizing the Website.
This Privacy Policy describes:
The Information that we collect on the Website and how we collect it
How we may the information that we collect
How we may share information with third parties
The security of your information
User Consent and Incorporation
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU SUBMIT INFORMATION TO OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OUR TERMS OF SERVICE AND CONSENT TO OUR COLLECTION, USE, DISCLOSURE AND RETENTION OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF SERVICE, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE WEBSITE.
Information We Collect and How We Collect It
User Provided Information: You may provide certain information, including personally identifiable information (such as your name, email address, telephone number, billing address, shipping address, and credit card information) (“Personal Information”) to Coffee Bean Direct when choosing to participate in various activities on the Website such as purchasing our products, contacting us for further information, subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists, posting a product review or registering on the Website in order to set up a new account.
Any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online as part of product reviews or via comments to the Coffee Bean Direct blog or Coffee Bean Direct articles becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Users when you upload comments. We urge you to exercise caution when posting Personal Information as part of these activities as we cannot guarantee that it will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Cookies Information: When you utilize the Website, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. Coffee Bean Direct uses both session cookies and persistent cookies (persistent cookie remains after you close your browser). Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, some features of the Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
Our third party advertising management partners may also use cookies and other data collection tools on the Website to enable them to learn which advertisements bring Users to the Website. In addition, our third party advertising management partners may use cookies and other data collection tools (such as clear GIFs) to track the actions of Users of the Website, measures statistics relating to our marketing efforts and to deliver advertisements relating to the Website and our products and services on other websites you may visit. For more information about your choices regarding collection of information by our third party advertising management partners, please see section E.3, below entitled, “Opting out of tracking by third parties.”
Log File Information: When you use the Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
Clear GIFs Information: When you use the Website, we may employ “clear GIFs” (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally-identifiable manner). In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our Users to track which emails are opened by recipients.
How We May Use the Information We Collect
We use information that we collect on the Website, including Personal Information:
To provide you the features and functionality of the Website.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with advertisements and information while you are on other websites regarding our products and services that we believe you may find interesting and to monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.
For non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website or of information about your account or for customer service purposes).
To improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services and for research and analysis, including by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends.
To remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website and to provide custom, personalized content and information
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
How We May Share Information
We may disclose aggregated, de-identified information about our Users and information that does not identify any individual for any purpose as permitted by applicable law. For example, We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.
We may share or disclose Personal Information that we collect or you provide in the following ways:
To our subsidiaries, partners and affiliated companies. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy.
To our third party service providers to processing such information on our behalf in connection with the operation of our business. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Coffee Bean Direct's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Coffee Bean Direct about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information or for which we obtain your consent.
We may release Personal Information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
Coffee Bean Direct also reserves the right to disclose Personal Information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that Coffee Bean Direct believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Service, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the Website, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Coffee Bean Direct, our Users or others.
We do not share your Personal Information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their own commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out.
Your Information Choices
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Information we collect or which you provide to us. There are a number of ways you can exercise control over the Personal Information collected on the Website, which are described below. Of course, you may choose not to provide any Personal Information to Coffee Bean Direct online by electing not to enter any Personal Information into a form or data field on our web sites, and by not using any personalized services provided by the Website. However, some of the Website is available only to individuals who provide Personal Information or who use personalized services.
Limitations and options regarding uses and disclosures for other purposes: Some services on the Website may request your permission to use and disclose Personal Information about you in order to add you to our contact lists, to enable you to list yourself in a directory or a social media resource, and to identify and offer additional services and promotions that we believe you might find interesting. You can limit the use of Personal Information about you by checking or un-checking options provided at the time that you enter that information or that we may offer to you in the future. Additionally, you may change your communications preferences (such as to opt-out of communications you requested previously) by contacting us.
Limitations and options on tracking: Coffee Bean Direct online resources that use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to remember your personal preferences and selections, enable you to choose whether you want Coffee Bean Direct to use such technologies to remember you, or to provide additional services to you, by checking or un-checking options provided during registration, or at the time that you enter Personal Information into forms or data fields.
Our online resources do not limit collection of non-identifiable information by tracking technologies for individual users. Individual users can control the use of certain tracking technologies, such as cookies, through most Internet browsers. Some Internet browsers enable you to limit or disable the use of cookies for individual Web sites. Other browsers allow you to select cookie settings for all websites that you visit. If you are concerned about the use of cookie technology, please read section B, above entitled, “Information We Collect and How We Collect It” to understand the ways that Coffee Bean Direct uses tracking technologies. If you limit or disable cookies, certain functions of our Web sites may not work properly, including access to some of our registration-based Web sites.
Opting out of tracking by third parties: If you would like to opt-out of the cookies set by other companies who deliver e-mail communications on our behalf or place Coffee Bean Direct advertisements on other web sites, you may do so by following the options provided by the Network Advertising Initiative at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and the Digital Advertising Alliance at: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. If you are using mobile services provided by or on behalf of Coffee Bean Direct that use the analytics provider, Flurry, to track use of the mobile services, you can opt-out of tracking by Flurry at https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do. We also use Google Analytics, which uses cookies to make advertising more engaging to our users. Additional information about these cookies may be found here. You may opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Data Security
Coffee Bean Direct uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your Personal Information. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Coffee Bean Direct and you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of data.
The safety of your information also depends on you. Users of the Website are responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any of our Website. In order to protect you and your data, we may suspend your use of the Website, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of
the Website are restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited.
A Note About Children
The Website is not directed to or designed to attract individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals not provide Personal Information to Coffee Bean Direct. Consistent with the federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Coffee Bean Direct will never knowingly collect or maintain personal information from any person under the age of thirteen (13).
Do Not Track
The Website does not support Do Not Track at this time. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your webpage visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit www.donottrack.us.
International Users
The Website is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are a User accessing the Website from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Policy, and our Terms of Service, you are transferring your Personal Information to the United States and you consent to that transfer and the processing of your information in the United States or other location determined by Coffee Bean Direct in is discretion.
Alterations and Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically by us in our discretion. We will post changes to this web page and this will be reflected by the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.
Unless stated otherwise, Coffee Bean Direct’s current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Contact Information:
Please contact Coffee Bean Direct with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information, your consent, or your opt-in or opt-out choices by emailing us at Privacy@CoffeeBeanDirect.com. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.
© 2004-2020 Coffee Bean Direct LLC. All Rights Reserved.