http://www.harlane.com/index.php/pages/privacy.html
Home   |   Garden Shop   |   News   |   Links   |   Contact   |   Privacy Policy
MEMBER LOGIN
, Guest!
Login or Register
Harlane Company, LLC
New Address:
2412 NW 121 Circle
Vancouver, WA 98685
(404) 771-9300 Pacific Time
Home > Our Privacy PolicyOur Privacy PolicyWe respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. That is why we have adopted this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy lets you know how your personal information is processed and used. We promise that we will take steps to use your personal information only in ways that are compatible with this Privacy Policy.
Our web sites use cookies, which are pieces of information that a web site sends to your computer while you are viewing it. We and other companies use cookies for a variety of purposes. For instance, when you return to one of our sites after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your Web experience smoother, like the features mentioned above, and some of our services will not function properly or at all.
No personal information, including your name, address, phone number, or email address will be sold, rented or otherwise shared with any third party for any reason.
We also do not send unsolicited emails for advertisers for any reason.
Any email you receive from us will relate to the products or services you have purchased, expressed interest in or in reference to previous correspondence you have made with us.
Home   |   Garden Shop   |   Links   |   Testimonials   |   Contact Us   |   Privacy Policy
Copyright 1998-2020 Harlane Company, LLC
All Rights Reserved.Powered By FlexCMSSite Development & Hosting Services by the
Webbed
Otter