http://www.k9closet.com/privacypolicy.html
homeabout ushelp/infoemailview cartSearchk9 closet- style, comfort & quality...guaranteed!This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo! Privacy Policy for more
information about how Yahoo! uses this information.ALL NEW SWAROVSKI STONES!! INCLUDING OPALS!
**Please DO NOT send items back to our store without emailing us first. We do not take custom made items back for any reason unless in rare cases such as faulty hardware.
k9 closet is not responsible for any return shipment that does not follow our return procedures.**
Please scroll down to the bottom of the page on each collection to find our leashes, harnesses and more!
UPDATE:
We do not guarantee our collars when used as a tie out.
Please DO NOT tie your dogs out in a martingale, it is extremely dangerous and our welded hardware, although strong, will not hold up in this situation.
The metal slide will snap in a specific spot.
It requires taking apart the entire collar and sewing new loops on it.
Sorry, these will no longer be accepted. This will NOT happen when walking your dog on our martingales, only when used as a tie out.Our Quality Guarantee
All k9 closet products are protected against hardware defects or failures for one year from date of purchase. If your hardware is found to be defective, we will repair or replace it free of charge. If it needs to be replaced and is no longer available, it will be replace with a comparable item. The fabric is not protected against normal wear and tear. The crystal buckle should be treated as a jewelry item and is not covered by our guarantee. Our collars are quadruple-stitched at all stress points for added strength and safety. If you have any issues with your product, please contact us at customerservice@k9closet.com.
k9 closest does not accept returns on items unless stated in our guideline above. When placing your order online, each item is handmade at your time of order and this is the reason for our strict return policy.
We cannot accept items returned for fading and normal wear and tear.k9 closet has products in pet boutiques throughout the United States. If you purchase an item from one of our approved pet boutiques and a return is necessary, the customer must take the item back to the store where the item was purchased and follow the return procedure of that store.
Returns should not be sent to k9 closet unless purchased from our online store and you are given approval and the correct return address.
**Please DO NOT send items back to our PO Box address without emailing us first. We do not take custom made items back for any reason unless in rare cases such as faulty hardware.
k9 closet is not responsible for any return shipment that does not follow our return procedures.****It is the responsibility of the pet owner to determine the appropriate type and fit of collar or harness for their pet. We cannot be held responsible for injury as a result of improper use or poorly fitted collars. Please measure your pet properly and discontinue using collars that show signs of wear or weakness.**
What is a Martingale collar?
Martingale Dog collars are also known as Greyhound Collars or Humane Choke Dog Collar. The Martingale Dog Collar was designed for Sight hounds because their necks are larger than their heads and they can often slip out of buckle collars. These collars have gained popularity among other breed owners in the recent past with many trainers now recommending them instead of choke chains or choke collars.Martingale Dog Collars are fitted to the exact size of the dog's neck when the Dog Collar is pulled closed. Properly fitted, the collar will be comfortably loose when not in use. When the Martingale Control loop is pulled, the 2 slides (hardware on the small control loop of the Martingale Collar) should pull close together but the two slides should never touch.
Martingale collars should NOT be left on when your pet is unattended and are not suitable for use with tie-outs. They are meant for walking only.What is a Combo Collar?
A Combo collar is the same as a Martingale collar, but has a side release buckle. The buckle can make it easier to take off and on for dogs who do not like things slipped over the head. The Martingale collar on the left does not have a side release buckle and must be adjusted off and on.
The bonus to the "Combo" collar is that you get the safety of a Martingale collar, but you can even jazz it up with swarovski crystals.
If your pet is not into the "crystals" we also make them without.Martingale/Combo collars should NOT be left on when your pet is unattended and are not suitable for use with tie-outs. They are meant for walking only.What is a Side Release Collar?
A Side Release collar is an adjustable collar (as all of our collars are) and has a Side Release buckle for easy off and on.
These collars can be left on, and you can jazz these up with or without swarovski crystals just as you can our popular "combo collar"What is a Hip Harness?
This is a classic harness that your dogs legs go through and it covers the chest and buckles on the side. It has a strap down the back, and when choosing embroidery for this type of harness, the name will go down the back strap.All harnesses, including our smoothies, have webbing on the inside. Our products are strong and safe!What is a Step in Harness?
This is a harness that your dog steps into and it has a buckle on the back with two D rings that you attach your lead to. It tightens when pulled.
It serves the same purpose as our "Hip Harness" but is a personal preference. When choosing embroidery for this harness, the embroidery will be on one of the "shoulder straps"All harnesses, including our smoothies, have webbing on the inside. Our products are strong and safe!How do I measure my pet?
Use a soft tape measure and be sure your pet is standing up if measuring for clothing. *you will get a different measurement if your pet is laying down when measuring* When measuring for a collar: measure around the neck and the largest part of the head if purchasing a Martingale.
Our Betty below will show you the measurements needed for clothing!
Our Commitment To Your Privacy
At k9 closet we are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not distribute or sell your name or personal information to any third party. Any information you provide to us with will be held in confidence.
Should an item you purchased be one that a manufacturer ships for us, we will share only the necessary information needed for them to do so.
Gift CardsDog Collars, Leashes and Harnesses Pet Clothing Dog Toys Dog TreatsSupplementsBath Kitty Closetk9 closet human clothing Visit us on FacebookCustomer Testimonials Return Policyhome | about us | help/info | email | view cartCopyright 2001-2016 k9 closet All rights reserved.