https://www.factoryoutletscooters.co.uk/privacy
VAt Relief If you are disabled or have a long term medical condition you are eligible for VAT relief saving you 20% . Please note that the product will go in your basket with VAT but will be removed when you select VAT relief on step 2 of the checkout process when entering billing details.
Don't show again
YOU CAN STILL ORDER ONLINE AND WE ARE STILL ALLOWED TO DELIVER ITEMS TO YOUR HOME (please advise if you or any member in the house is isolating or has symptoms of the virus)HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyFactory Outlet Scooters are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your order and secondly to provide you with the best service possible. We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your content. We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing e-mails from us in the future.The type of information we will collect about you when you place an order or register on our website includes:AddressPhone numberE-mail addressThis information is stored on our internal systems and our website simply verifies you as a customer of Factory Outlet Scooters. We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by visiting your account or by contacting us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. The personal information that we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law. We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. We use the information you provide for the following purposes:Aid strategic developmentAudit usage of the siteProviding the best possible service processing any orders you may have madeProviding you with information about products and services we offerIf you have any questions or comments about your privacy you can e-mail us: customerservices@factoryoutletscooters.co.uk.Factory Outlet Scooters maintains a strict privacy policy in full accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.We expect you to maintain the confidentiality of your user name and password for your Factory Outlet Scooters account.Unless otherwise stated, all rights, including copyright, in the content, text and graphics of these Factory Outlet Scooters web pages are owned and controlled for these purposes by Factory Outlet Scooters. You are not permitted to copy, broadcast, download, store, transmit, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the content of these Factory Outlet Scooters pages for any other purpose whatsoever, in any medium, without the prior written permission of Factory Outlet Scooters.In accessing Factory Outlet Scooters web pages, you agree that you may only download the content for your own individual and non-commercial use.We use cookies to enhance the user experience with this site by delivering both personalised content and offers whilst ensuring you see the products most relevant to you. Any information collected is not shared with any other third parties.We use information held about you in the following ways:To ensure that content from the website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.To notify you about changes to our service.We may also use your data to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we may contact you about these by post.If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by email or post with information about goods and services similar to those of a previous sale to you.Your ConsentBy submitting information to Factory Outlet Scooters you consent to the collection and use of this information by Factory Outlet Scooters in the fulfilment of your order.By entering into an agreement with us when you place an order you have consented to this use of your data (where applicable). You may ask us at any point not to share your information with third parties for this purpose by contacting customerservices@factoryoutletscooters.co.uk and providing your customer account number.If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post changes on this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.Data SecurityWe have designed our site to protect the information we collect online from unauthorised access. We safeguard your private information by implementing the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedure necessary to protect your privacy. To further protect your security, we also take the reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to your personal profile or making data changes. We are committed to protecting your privacy and have security measures in place to prevent unauthorised access to and disclosure of your personal information.CookiesCookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's (or alternative web browsing device’s) hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognise your browser and to provide rich shopping features such as recommended products and loyalty discounts, as well as the storage of items in your Shopping Basket between visits.To take advantage of some of Factory Outlet Scooters essential features we recommend that you leave your cookies turned on. However the Help menu in your browser will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies and how to disable cookies altogether.Google AnalyticsGoogle Analytics is a systems used by many website to record information about who visits a website. Google set five difference cookies with expiry dates ranging from 1 day to 2 years. These cookies are used mainly to differentiate between first time visitors to a website and repeat visitors. They do not contain any personally identifiable information. You can find out more about how Google use cookies here.