http://www.louielighting.com/content/privacy/info.aspx?bid=footer
1-866-334-7894
Call Center Hours
Due to an unprecedented increase in demand, we are currently experiencing long hold times.
SALES HOURS:
Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. (Arizona Time)
Saturday & Sunday: 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. (Arizona Time)
SERVICE/RETURNS HOURS:
Monday - Friday: 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. (Arizona Time)
Saturday & Sunday: Closed
Cart (0)
order status
Contact Us
need a quote?
Login/Sign Up
0
Due to COVID-19, We are experiencing longer than normal chat and hold queues. We apologize for the inconvenience.
HOME > Information > Privacy
Privacy Policy
Date Of Policy Update: 8.28.2020
Louie Lighting respects your privacy and it is extremely important to us. This privacy notice is about the personal information that we collect on Louielighting.com and via communications with you.
Topics:
Type of information that we collect.
How we use this information.
How we share the information to third party companies.
Your ability to modify your personal information.
How you can opt-out of future communications.
Accessibility
Policy changes
How to contact us
The types of personal informantion we collect:
The types of personal information that you may provide during your shopping experience are: name, address, email, telephone number, professional affiliations, company tax ID, login name and password, payment information, order details, and other information related to communications with us like questions and project information. Also any other information that you may provide us via surveys and or other means of communications with us.
There is also information that is collected by automated technology like Google Analytics, remarketing agents and others which may place cookies on your computer to collect information like how long you’ve been on our website, browser type, pages you visited etc.
How we use this information:
We use the information we collect to perform order processing for you, to inform and communicate with you about products, special offers, track and process the orders and returns, and other administrative and sales/marketing efforts like providing quotations, discounts, inform you of delivery times, and protect against fraud.
We use the automated information we collect for visitor data analytics, for remarketing with the help of third parties, for market research and to better serve products and information to you via customization of your online experience with us.
AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google. It connects the activity of www.louielighting.com with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. You can opt out of the cookie tracking here: http://google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data. Place of processing: USA
How we share the information to third party companies:
We never sale your information to any party. We may share the information you provide us with employees and service providers. Your name addresses and phone numbers are also shared with our vendors for shipping purposes
Or we may release Information about you in the folowing cases:
In case of investigation of possible illegal activity.
If required by law, by regulations, or by a legal process like a court order.
If requested by government agencies in accordance with the law.
If needed to assist in collecting debt owed by you.
In situation that we sell or transfer all or part of our business.
Your ability to modify your personal information:
You may log to your account on our web store and do the following:
View/modify Your Address Book
View/modify Wish Lists
View/modify your Account Details
How you can opt-out of future communications
How You can Opt-Out of future communications
You may opt out of future newsletter communications by clicking the unsubscribe link on the bottom of the newsletter emails.
You may reply to the order updates emails requesting to opt out of future communications. In that case customers may still get automatic order notifications for orders that are already in process.
Our Commitment to Accessibility
Louie Lighting Inc. is committed to making our website's content accessible and user friendly to everyone. If you are having difficulty viewing or navigating the content on this website, or notice any content, feature, or functionality that you believe is not fully accessible to people with disabilities, please call our Customer Service team at
866-334-7894 or email our team at sales@louielighting.com with “Disabled Access” in the subject line and provide a description of the specific feature you feel is not fully accessible or a suggestion for improvement.
We take your feedback seriously and will consider it as we evaluate ways to accommodate all of our customers and our overall accessibility policies.
Additionally, while we do not control such vendors, we strongly encourage vendors of third-party digital content to provide content that is accessible and user friendly.
Policy Changes/Updates
This policy may be updated from time to time without prior notice. In case of significant change we will post a notice of change on this page.
Please contact us with any questions about our privacy policy at:
Louie Lighting, Inc.
15875 N. Greenway Hayden Loop, Suite 111
Scottsdale, AZ 85260
Your Recently Viewed Items
Are You a Designer or Contractor? We Offer a Free Membership for PRO Customers
Enjoy tiered trade discounts, a dedicated professional account manager, and more!   |
SIGN UP
Customer Service
Help Center
Order Status
Quote Requests
International Quote Requests
Returns & Replacements
International Shipping
Login
Shopping
View Your Cart
FAQs
News and Articles
Company Info
About Us
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Reviews
Louie Lighting Blog
Accessibility
About Us
Privacy Policy
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Reviews
Louie Lighting Blog
Customer Support
1-866-334-7894
Due to an unprecedented increase in demand, we are currently experiencing long hold times.
SALES HOURS:
Monday - Friday: 6:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. (Arizona Time)
Saturday & Sunday: 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. (Arizona Time)
SERVICE/RETURNS HOURS:
Monday - Friday: 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. (Arizona Time)
Saturday & Sunday: Closed
© 2020 LouieLighting. All Rights Reserved.
Compare
Clear All