http://www.nutru.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy | Nutru, Inc.
Big Savings Today!Find a Retailer
or call (833) 466-8878
NutruInnovation in Prevention
Home
Products
Our Company
Where to Buy
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Our Philosophy
Your privacy and the security of the information that you provide to us is important to us and we take the privacy and security of the users of this website seriously. To better protect your privacy and the security of your information, we provide this Privacy Policy to explain our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on www.nutru.com.
To make this Policy easy to find, we make links to this Privacy Policy available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. Nutru.com will not use your personal information except as outlined in this Privacy Policy. By using our website you consent to the terms of this Policy. This Policy applies to users in the United States only. Users in other countries should refer to the Privacy Policy available on each distinct international website for Nutru Inc. which can be found from our corporate website.
Children
We will never knowingly collect or solicit information from individuals under the age of 13 without first obtaining verifiable parental consent. If you are under the age of 13 you should not provide information to us via this website. If we become aware that a person under 13 has provided personally identifiable information to us without verifiable parental consent, we will remove such personally identifiable information from our files.
What Information Do We Collect?
Nutru Inc. will not collect any personally identifiable information about you through our website unless you provide it to us voluntarily. The information we collect varies, depending on how you use our site. This Policy applies to all information collected or submitted to www.nutru.com. On some pages, you can make requests to join email announcement lists, enroll in customer loyalty programs, enter contests, participate in promotional events, register to receive materials from us or from others, or receive other types of information. The types of personal information collected include: name, shipping address, billing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card information to complete purchases, and other general questions relating to areas of interest on our website.
How Do We Use Your Information?
We may use the information we request from you to notify you of Nutru Inc. products and services, sales and promotions, or other matters that may be of interest to you. The information we collect from you may be shared with our affiliates, subsidiaries and/or agents, and may be used to provide services and other information that you request from us. Sharing your information enables our partners to follow up with you on information you request, to complete your transaction or to perform other services that you may request from us. We do not authorize any of those third parties to make any other use of your information. We may also use your information for market research purposes.
We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone. We will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to do so.
We need to share the information in order to provide the product or service you have requested.
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Nutru Inc. to provide a product or service for you on our behalf and to provide other services, including, but not limited to, payment processing, shipping, order tracking, promotional fulfillment, and customer service. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us, unless they have your consent to do so.
We need to respond to a valid legal process. This includes a search warrant, subpoena, or court order, and any other instance when we believe we are required to do so by law.
Nutru Inc. may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information about our users with affiliates or other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes.
Business Transfers
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless you consent otherwise). Also, in the event that Nutru Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
How Do We Use Cookies?
We use "cookies" to help us provide a better user experience by measuring which website areas are of greatest interest. We may also use cookies when you register for further information. In this situation, a cookie will store useful information that enables our website to remember you when you return. We can only read cookies from the Nutru.com website. You may choose to disable cookies using the tools in your browser. However, by doing so, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the functions of our website.
Linking to Other Websites
We may provide links to other websites that are not under our control. These websites have their own policies regarding privacy that you may wish to review. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors.
How Do We Keep Your Information Secure?
In an endeavor to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical and electronic procedures to safeguard and secure personal information we collect. We cannot guarantee 100% security of any information that you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.
You are required to register with Nutru.com in order to purchase products, participate in promotions or contests or to receive other information from us. At the time you register you will create a password. Please remember your password as you will be asked to provide it each time you make a purchase or attempt to access your personal information. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for all uses of your password, whether or not authorized by you. You should not disclose your password to any other person. In order to protect the security of your account and personal information, when your visit is complete you should be sure to log off of our website and shut down your browser.
Nutru Inc. incorporates security measures such as encryption and authentication tools to protect your data from unauthorized use. Firewalls are utilized to protect our servers and network from unauthorized users accessing and tampering with files and other information that we store.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your credit card information. Upon entering the checkout page your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode. You will be able to tell that you are in secure mode because the "https" in the web address on your browser will change to "https".
How Do I Correct My Information or "Opt-Out"?
Please assist us in keeping your information current by notifying us of changes to your name, address, title, phone number or email address. You may correct your personal information or select the option not to receive future contacts (i.e., mailings, calls, etc.) by logging in to My Account Nutru.com or by contacting customer service at support@nutru.com. In the event you elect not to receive any future contacts from Nutru.com, we will endeavor to remove your name from all of our contact lists. However, information is sometimes difficult, if not impossible, to remove from all data sources, and we can only promise to remove you from any lists we control.
We shall have no liability under this Privacy Policy for our failure to accomplish this objective. If you have questions, you should direct them to support@nutru.com. You may also request changes to or removal of your personal information from our website by contacting us at the address or telephone number provided below. Requests submitted via mail or telephone take longer to process. You should not expect your information to be removed for a minimum of six (6) weeks after submitting a written or telephonic request. During that time you may continue to receive materials from us via email or regular mail. We apologize for any inconvenience such materials may cause you.
Effective Date and Modifications
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date first written above. Nutru Inc. reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this section of our site regularly in order to remain informed of any changes. Changes to our Privacy Policy shall become effective as of the date they are posted to this site.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our data collection practices, please contact us as follows:
By Email:
support@nutru.com
By Mail:
Nutru Inc.
4924 Balboa Blvd.
Suite 618
Encino, CA 91316
USA
By Phone:
(773) 348-8452
Comments
If you have any comments or questions about our Site, please contact our customer service department at support@nutru.com
Our Products
E-Toca-Chi2® Vitamin E
O-Mega-Zen3® DHA + EPA Capsules
O-Mega-Zen3® DHA + EPA Liquid
O-Mega-Zen3® DHA Capsules
P-Tidyl-Wei1®
Sa-To-Ri7® Stress Relief
Vegan Brain Pak®
Quick Links
Our Company
Products
Where to buy
Connect to Us
Find a Retailer
NuTru, Inc
833-466-8878
support@nutru.com
Sitemap • Privacy Policy | © Copyright 2019 Nutru Inc. - Site Designed by
Foxxr, Inc Copyright © 2020 · Dynamik-Gen on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
HomeProductsOur CompanyWhere to BuyContact Us