http://www.blazie.co.uk/site/terms_and_conditions
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
Making Software Applications Accessible
Making Websites Accessible
Training
End-to-End Consultancy
Products
JAWS® Screen Reading Software
MAGic® Screen Magnification Software
Openbook® Scanning and Reading Software
Application Add-ins
Support
About
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Please take a moment to read our policy
Home
Terms & Conditions
Home
About
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
About our terms and conditions
This website terms and conditions describes the terms that you agree to when you use this website.
These terms and conditions are updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website terms and conditions was updated on 10 February 2016.
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website. By using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our company's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our company's privacy policy and cookie policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Blazie and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website)
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website
show any material from the website in public
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose
edit or otherwise modify any material on the website
redistribute material from this website, except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan virus, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Blazie's express written consent.
You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Blazie's express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted.
Blazie reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at the company's discretion.
If Blazie provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
Blazie may disable your user ID and password in Blazie's sole discretion without notice or explanation.
No warranties
This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied. Blazie makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Blazie does not warrant that:
this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial, or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
Limitations of liability
Blazie will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss
for any indirect, special or consequential loss, or
for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Blaize Engineering Ltd has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Blazie's liability in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by Blazie's negligence
fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Blazie, or
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Blazie to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Blazie has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Blazie's officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Blazie's officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Blazie.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Blazie and undertake to keep Blazie indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Blazie to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Blazie's legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Blazie arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Blazie's other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Blazie may take such action as Blazie deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Blazie may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.
Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.
Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Blazie may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Blazie's rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent. You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions, together with our privacy policy, constitute the entire agreement between you and Blazie in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
Law and jurisdiction
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the governing law of England and Wales, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Registrations and authorisations
Blazie is registered with Companies House UK.
You can find the online version of the register at the Companies House website.
Blazie's registration number is 03715365.
Blazie's VAT number is GB 735 4049 37.
Blazie's details
The full name of Blazie is Blazie Engineering Ltd.
Blazie is registered in England under registration number 03715365.
Blazie's registered address is Midsummer Court, 314 Midsummer Boulevard, Milton Keynes, MK9 2UB, United Kingdom.
You can contact Blazie by email at info@blazie.co.uk.
Who We Are
Formed in 1999, Blazie has
provided assistive technology services for
numerous organisations across the UK and Ireland
looking to improve accessible technology
for their users.
More about us
Useful Links
About
Services
Products
Support
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Freedom Scientific
Get in Touch
We'd like to hear from you. If you have any questions or comments,
please give us a call or send us an email and we'll contact you as soon as possible.
Midsummer Court, 314 Midsummer Boulevard
Milton Keynes, MK9 2UB
+44 (0) 1908 843 680
info@blazie.co.uk
© 2020 Blazie - All rights reserved.