http://www.nkuku.com/pages/cookie-policy
Gifts
Christmas Gifts
Gifts for Her
Jewellery Gifts
Gifts for Cooks
Gifts for Him
Home Office Gifts
Bestselling Gifts
E-Gift Card
Gifts for Cooks
JEWELLERY GIFTS
SHOP NOW
Christmas
Christmas Decor
Baubles & Tree Decorations
Festive Décor
Christmas Table & Entertaining
Christmas Bestsellers
Board Games
CHRISTMAS BAUBLES
FESTIVE DECOR
SHOP NOW
Home
Home Accessories
Photo Frames
Wall Art
Clocks
Lanterns & T-Lights
Candlesticks
Decorative Accessories
Desk Accessories
Furnishings
Mirrors
Cushions & Throws
Rugs
Baskets
Storage
Hardware
Planters & Vases
Planters
Vases & Decorative Pots
Garden Planters
Lifestyle
Jewellery
Jewellery Boxes
Bags & Scarves
Board Games
E-Gift Card
WALL ART
Lanterns & T-Lights
SHOP NOW
Furniture
Living
Armchairs & Loungers
Footstools
Coffee & Side Tables
Sofas
Cabinets & Shelving
Storage Furniture
Mirrors
Rugs
Dining & Kitchen
Stools & Bar Stools
Dining Chairs
Dining Tables
Benches
Cabinets & Shelving
Garden Furniture
Hardware
Inspire Me
New Collection
Contemporary Living
Natural Home
Home Office
Modern Rustic Interior
BAR STOOLS
Mirrors
SHOP NOW
Lighting
Lighting
Table Lamps
Floor Lamps
Pendant Lighting
Wall & Spot Lights
Lampshades
Outdoor Lighting
Shop by Style
Industrial Lighting
Natural Lighting
Classic Lighting
Kitchen Lighting
TABLE LAMPS
FLOOR LAMPS
SHOP NOW
Kitchen & Dining
Tabletop
Tableware
Mugs
Glassware
Cutlery
Table Accessories
Serveware
Chopping Boards
Serving Bowls
Trays & Platters
Cake Stands
Cheese Boards & Knives
Kitchen
Small Storage
Kitchen Utility
Wine Racks & Storage
Kitchen Lighting
Kitchen Stools
Dining Tables & Benches
TABLEWARE
SERVEWARE
SHOP NOW
Nkuku Life
Discover Nkuku
Our Story
Our Values
Our Artisans
Our Materials
Blog
Saving Lives With Safe Water
Christmas Table Inspiration
Style Your Home for Christmas
All Blog Posts
Shop in Store
Lifestyle Store & Café
Stockists
READ OUR BLOG
Discover Nkuku
What are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored by the browser (for example, Google Chrome or Safari) on your computer, tablet or mobile phone, but only if you agree to them.
Cookies help us to distinguish you from other users of our website. They tell us about how you are using our site and help us improve your shopping experience. Cookies enable our systems to remember your choices like items browsed and products address to basket, this enables us to customise recommendations, communications and other services.
How does Nkuku use Cookies?
A visit to a page on our website may generate the following types of cookie:
Functional cookies
Analytics cookies
Advertising cookies
Other third-party cookies
Functional cookies
Websites use functional cookies to provide you with an excellent shopping experience. Without these cookies, you may struggle to use the website. The information collected is anonymous. Examples include:
Cookies to determine whether the email capture pop-up should deploy
Cookies to recognise when an item has been added to the basket
Cookies to store your recently browsed items
Analytics cookies
We use software provided by other organisations (e.g. Google Analytics) to collect data on how you use our website. This information helps us to make improvements to the website and identify when errors have occurred.
These cookies collect anonymous information such as what pages you have viewed, what content and functionality you have interacted with, the date and time you visited the site, and what hardware, software and browser you use.
These cookies also collect personally identifiable information that you provide to us via forms (such as your name, address, phone number and email address). This information is used to support us in troubleshooting issues that may have impacted your shopping experience.
We don’t use cookies to collect sensitive information such as payment details and passwords.
Advertising cookies
We work with third-parties such as Google, Bing, Pinterest and Facebook (and Facebook owned channels like Instagram, Messenger and Audience Network) to provide targeted adverts. With Facebook and Pinterest, we use a Pixel to collect anonymous information about what adverts you have clicked on. The use of these tools can tell us when and how you came to visit our website, the pages that you visited and products you went on to buy. This information will be used to make advertising more relevant to your interests and keep you up to date with news of products and services, offers and promotions.
We also set cookies when you click on a link in one of our Nkuku emails. These cookies enable personalisation of marketing materials to help us send relevant communications to registered visitors.
Other third-party cookies
On some pages of our website, other organisations may also set their own cookies. Our website cannot access these cookies.
Company/Software
Classification
Purpose
Shopify
Functional
These cookies allow the website and checkout to function correctly.
Bold
Functional
These cookies can distinguish between humans and bots to make valid reports and product recommendations.
Emarsys
Functional, Analytics
These cookies carry information about how you use our website, and whether you’ve come from an Emarsys managed marketing channel such as email. Users are assigned a unique ID for statistical purposes.
Facebook.com
Functionality, Advertising
These cookies allow advertising features and optimization, identifying users and providing relevant advertising as well as analytics data.
Mailmunch
Functional, Analytics
These cookies identify user visits and trigger relevant messaging.
Google.com
Analytics, Advertising
These cookies carry information about how you use our website and any advertising you may have seen before visiting our website. They also help us show you relevant information. They work by identifying your browser and device, registering a unique ID.
Pinterest
Advertising
The Pinterest Pixel helps us understand when you have clicked on an advert from Pinterest. It helps us show you more relevant adverts in the future.
Criteo
Advertising
These cookies set unique User IDs and enable delivery of relevant advertisements.
Limespot
Functional
These cookies enable personalised product recommendations.
Bing
Advertising
Microsoft cookie adding unique user IDs for tracking and advertising purposes.
How do I turn cookies off?
Most modern browsers will allow you to see what cookies you’ve got and delete these on an individual basis, block third party cookies, block cookies from sites, block all cookies and delete all cookies. Please note, if you choose to block all cookies from our website, some functionality may not work.
The following links provide further detail on how to manage your cookie settings:
Cookie settings in Internet Explorer
Cookie settings in Firefox
Cookie settings in Chrome
Cookie settings in Safari web and iOS
You can turn off cookies generated by advertisers by going to the Your Online Choices site
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies for advertising, including DoubleClick cookies, by visiting Google's Ads Settings page
Please note Nkuku is not responsible for the content of external websites.
If you would like to contact us about cookies, please email:
privacy@nkuku.com
Last updated: 25/11/2020
Join Our Newsletter
Sign up for the Nkuku newsletter and be the first to preview our new collections, receive exclusive offers and discover the stories behind our products.
By subscribing you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy & Cookies Policy.