http://www.lampsplus.com/help-and-policies/return-policy/
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Free Shipping on Most Orders*
Stores
Locate a Store
Find
View All Stores
Inspiration
Room Inspiration
Ideas & Advice
Lighting Catalog
Sign In
Contact Us
800-782-1967
|
Open Box
|Search with photoUpload
Saved
Wish List
()
Saved Rooms
()
Cart
Need Help? 800-782-1967
Chandeliers
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
Modern Chandeliers
Crystal Chandeliers
Kitchen Island Lights
Farmhouse Chandeliers
Mini Chandeliers
Dining - Living Room
Entryway
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendants
Mini Pendants
Kitchen Pendants
Pendant Chandeliers
Design Your Own Pendant Light
Light Bulbs >
All Light Bulbs
More To Consider
Chandelier Shades
Lighting Fixtures
Pool Table Lights
Ceiling Medallions
Dimmers & Controls
Lighting Collections
Ceiling Lights
Close to Ceiling Lights >
All Close to Ceiling Lights
Flushmount
Semi-Flushmount
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendant Lights
Mini-Pendants
Swag Lights
Kitchen Pendants
Track Lighting >
All Track Lighting
Complete Track Kits
Monorail Systems
Recessed Lighting >
All Recessed Lighting
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
More To Consider
Kitchen Lighting
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Lighting Collections
Table & Floor Lamps
Table Lamps >
All Table Lamps
Table Lamp Sets
Tiffany Style Table Lamps
Art Shade Table Lamps
Desk Lamps >
All Desk Lamps
Task Lighting
LED Desk Lamps
Swing Arm
Floor Lamps >
All Floor Lamps
Task Floor Lamps
Torchieres
Arc Lamps
Swing Arm Floor Lamps
Floor Lamps with Tables
Art Shade Floor Lamps
Lamp Shades >
All Lamp Shades
Art Shades
Up Lights - Clip Lights >
All Up - Clip Lights
More To Consider
Color Plus Lighting
Custom Photo Lighting
Novelty Lamps
Lighting Accessories
Dimmer Switches
Light Bulbs
Wall Lights
Bathroom Vanity Lighting >
All Bathroom Vanity Lights
Under Cabinet Lights >
All Under Cabinet Lights
Picture Lights >
All Picture Lights
Sconces >
All Sconces
Wall Lamps >
All Wall Lamps
Swing Arm Lamps
Art Shade Wall Lamps
More To Consider
Wall Mirrors
Bathroom Vanities
Night Lights
Lighting Accessories
Glass Shades
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Outdoor Lights
Outdoor Lighting >
All Outdoor Lights
Wall Lights
Post Lights
LED Outdoor Lighting
Hanging Lights
Ceiling Lights
Party & String Lights
Landscape Lighting >
All Landscape Lighting
LED Landscape Lights
Path Lighting
Solar Landscape Lights
Landscape Lighting Kits
Outdoor Security Lighting >
All Security Lights
Motion Sensor Lights
More For Outdoor
Outdoor Fountains
Outdoor Furniture
Barbeque Lights
Fire Pits
Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans >
All Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans with Lights
Ceiling Fans without Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Hugger - Flush Mount
Large Ceiling Fans
More To Consider
Fan Light Kits
Glass Shades for Fans
Bathroom Exhaust Fans
Desk and Floor Fans
Furniture
Seating >
All Seating
Barstools
Sofas
Sectionals
Accent Chairs
Dining Chairs
Office Chairs
Recliners
Ottomans
Tables >
All Tables
Accent Tables
Sofa - Console Tables
Dining Tables
Coffee Tables
Desks
Beds >
All Beds
Headboards
Cabinets & Chests
>
All Cabinets & Chests
Chests
Bathroom Vanities
Entertainment Centers
Mirrored Furniture
Outdoor Furniture >
Outdoor Furniture Sets
Outdoor Seating
Outdoor Tables
Outdoor Benches
Fire Pits & Fire Tables
Furniture By Room
Living - Family Room
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room
Kitchen
Bathroom
Home Office
Mirrors & Décor
Mirrors >
Wall Mirrors
Vanity Mirrors
Wall Art - Wall Décor >
Prints
Canvas and Giclee Prints
Metal Wall Art
Sculptures >
Indoor Sculptures
Outdoor Sculptures
Home Accessories >
Clocks
Candleholders
Vases
Floral
Frames
Fountains >
Indoor Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Pillows & Textiles >
Decorative Pillows
Decorative Throws
Area Rugs >
All Area Rugs
Fire Pits >
All Fire Pits
More Décor
Bed and Bath
Outdoor Décor
Dining & Entertaining
Sale
Sale
Daily Sales
Clearance
Open Box
Image Search
Search for an item using a photo!
Start
Try Again
Lamps Plus
/
Help, Policies & FAQ
/
Return Policy
Return Policy
60-Day Return Policy - Your Satisfaction is Guaranteed!
We stand behind the products we sell. If for any reason you are not satisfied with a purchase, return it within 60 days of receiving it. Note that some conditions apply and not all products are eligible for return; read below for our complete policy. Absolutely no returns will be accepted after 60 days; please inspect all products upon receipt.
To return a purchase, please follow the directions below.
1. Returns of Online Purchases
2. Returning an Online Purchase to a Lamps Plus Store
3. Returning Online Purchases Made at Amazon.com
4. Returning Online Purchases Made at eBay.com
5. Returning Online Purchases Made at Walmart.com
6. Returning Online Purchase Made at Google Shopping
7. Returning Online Purchase Made at Target.com
8. Returning an Item Purchased at a Lamps Plus Store
9. White Glove and Threshold Delivery Orders
10. Blanket Wrap Delivery Orders
11. Howard Miller Furniture and Clock Orders
12. International Customers
Returns of Online Purchases
To ensure that your return is processed accurately and promptly, please call us first at 877-704-2425.
If you purchased at an online marketplace like Amazon, eBay, Walmart, or Google Shopping, please log into your online marketplace account to make a return.
A Customer Service Specialist will provide you a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA)* and instructions on how to ship the product back to us. Please note the following:
Returns made without a Return Merchandise Authorization will not be accepted.
Furniture and rug purchases cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus store location; they must be shipped back to our warehouse.
Free Returns valid on select items in the 48 contiguous United States only; does not apply to freight, Daily Sale, designs with Giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, Open Box items, or certain items with designer shades; other restrictions may apply.
If your item was delivered via freight, your return is subject to a $99.00 freight pick up fee which will be deducted from your return. You will receive a call to schedule a freight pick up appointment within 2-3 business days. Please note, items requiring freight delivery and/or returns are only available for shipment to addresses in the 48 contiguous US states.
Customers who have shipped items to Canada are responsible for covering all charges related to return shipping on orders originally delivered to Canada.
All returned items must be sent back to us using the original shipping boxes and packing materials.
If your item qualifies for Free Return Shipping, we will issue you a prepaid return shipping label. Please note you must take your package to an authorized drop-off location; pick-up service is not included.
White Glove and Threshold orders must be returned within 10 days.
Please note, non-residential sales are covered by separate policies and conditions; please contact Lamps Plus Professionals or Lamps Plus Hospitality for more information.
Write the Return Merchandise Authorization on the pre-printed return address form included with your boxed order or from your RMA email. Complete the returns form, then pack it with your order and affix the address label to the outside of the box. Send your return via FedEx, UPS or USPS and obtain a tracking number. Please note, all returns shipped back to Lamps Plus from Canada must be sent via UPS using the documentation provided by us with your RMA.
Once the product is received at our warehouse in good condition we will issue a refund for the amount of the product and tax to the original method of payment used for the purchase.
All shipping charges on purchases and returns are non-refundable. All merchandise must be in the original packaging. Please note that installed products with cut wires or loose crystal will be subject to a $50 USD fee.
back to top | main help
Returning an Online Purchase to a Lamps Plus Store
You may return an online purchase to any Lamps Plus store within 60 days of receiving it, but you must first receive a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) by calling 877-704-2425. Please note, customers who have shipped items to Canada are responsible for covering all charges related to return shipping on orders originally delivered to Canada.
The following types of purchases cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus store location; they must be shipped back to our warehouse: furniture and rug purchases; Amazon.com, eBay, Walmart, and other marketplace-sourced orders; White Glove and Threshold delivery orders. Please contact us for assistance with these types of orders.
All merchandise must be in the original packaging. Note that installed products with cut wires or loose crystals will be subject to a $50 USD fee.
When you contact us, please indicate your online order number and the store location you will be using to make your return. Please note that replacement items may not be available at the store location and may have to be ordered at the store to fulfill your request.
For your store visit, please bring with you the following items:
The RMA authorization for store return sent to you via email.
The credit card used for the original purchase.
The item to return in its original packaging.
Click the following link to Find a Store Near You.
back to top | main help
Returning a Purchase Made at a Lamps Plus Store
You may return a purchase made at one of our retail stores to any Lamps Plus location. Note: Furniture and rug purchases made online at LampsPlus.com or at an in-store computer kiosk cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus store location; they must be shipped back to our warehouse. Find a Store Near You
When you go to the store for a return or exchange please bring with you the following items:
Your sales receipt.
The credit card used for the original purchase.
The item to return, in its original packaging.
back to top | main help
Returning or Exchanging Delivered Furniture
Furniture and rug purchases cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus store location. They must be shipped back to our warehouse. These items must be returned using the original shipping boxes and packing materials.
back to top | main help
Returning Online Purchases Made at Amazon.com
We're sorry, but at this time online purchases made through the Lamps Plus Amazon.com storefront cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus retail location. These purchases can only be returned via mail to our central warehouse facility. Please see our Returns of Online Purchases section for information on how to make a return.
back to top | main help
Returning Online Purchases Made at eBay.com
For eBay.com orders please log into your eBay account to initiate your return; all returns must be made through the eBay.com website. Online purchases made through the eBay.com storefront cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus retail location.
back to top | main help
Returning Online Purchases Made at Walmart.com
For Walmart.com orders please log into your Walmart account to initiate your return; all returns must be made through the Walmart.com website. Online purchases made through the Walmart.com storefront cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus retail location.
back to top | main help
Returning Online Purchases Made Google Shopping
For Google Shopping orders, please log into your Google Shopping account to initiate your return; all returns must be made through the Google Shopping website. Online purchases made through the Google Shopping storefront cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus retail location.
back to top | main help
Returning Online Purchases Made at Target.com
For Target.com orders please log into your Target account to initiate your return; all returns must be made through the Target.com website. Online purchases made through the Target.com storefront cannot be returned to a Lamps Plus retail location.
back to top | main help
White Glove and Threshold Delivery Orders
You have 10 days from the date of delivery to notify us that you would like to return a White Glove or Threshold Delivery order; please note that Blanket Wrap items are not eligible for returns. White Glove and Threshold Delivery are only available on orders shipped in the 48 contiguous US states.
To ensure that your return is processed accurately and promptly, please call us first at 877-704-2425.
A Customer Service Specialist will provide you a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA)* and instructions on how to ship the product back to us.
*Returns made without a Return Merchandise Authorization will not be accepted.
Please note the following information:
Returns made without a Return Merchandise Authorization will not be accepted.
Returns cannot be made to our Lamps Plus store locations.
All merchandise must be returned in the original packaging.
Original shipping charges are non-refundable.
Return shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer and are non-refundable
There is a 10% restocking fee assessed on all White Glove and Threshold Delivery returns.
Once the product is received at our warehouse in good condition we will issue a refund.
See the "Returns of Online Purchases" section above for additional information.
back to top | main help
White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery Orders
We do not accept returns on items shipped via White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery due to their custom and made-to-order nature. Be sure to thoroughly inspect your product for damage or defects upon delivery. Please note, White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery is only available on orders shipped in the 48 contiguous US states.
In the event that damage has occurred in transit, or if you discover defects in the manufacture of the product, please contact customer service immediately. When applicable, replacement parts will be issued to repair the damaged item. If the item is severely damaged and cannot be repaired, a new item will be provided for you.
back to top | main help
Howard Miller Furniture and Clock Orders
For Howard Miller items requiring special delivery service, no returns or refunds are possible once the 3-day grace period is over and your order has been processed.
Please note that once you place an order for a Howard Miller furniture or clock item, you have a 3-day grace period to change or cancel your order. No refunds will be issued after this 3-day grace period.
On the 3rd day after your order is placed you will be notified by email that your order will be processed. If we do not hear back from you, your order will be processed the next day and no returns, changes, cancellations, or refunds will be allowed. Payment is required in full at the end of the 3-day grace period.
For Howard Miller clocks, if for any reason there is damage to the case at time of delivery or if the clock has problems running, Howard Miller has the right to first send out a technician to repair the problem. Their service network touches all ZIP codes in the 48 contiguous United States. If the clock technician is unable to repair the clock, Howard Miller will have the clock picked up and a new clock shipped to you at Howard Miller's cost. If you have any questions, please call us at 800-782-1967; a Lighting & Home Decor Consultant will be happy to assist you with your purchase.
Please note that Howard Miller furniture and grandfather clocks are available for delivery to contiguous US addresses only at this time.
back to top | main help
International Customers
Please note that all sales on international orders are final. The exception are orders be shipped to Canada, Puerto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, American Samoa, FPO, and APO addresses.
back to top | main help
Help, Policies & FAQs
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Disclosure on Transparency in Supply Chains
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
How to Shop Lamps Plus
Lamps Plus Pros Info
Lamp Plus Hospitality Info
About Hospitality Grade
Lamps Plus Rewards
Our 120% Price Protection Policy
Pricing & Product Information
Return Policy
Sale Terms & Conditions
Shipping and Delivery
Blanket Wrap Delivery
Gold White Glove Delivery
Howard Miller Delivery Service
Silver White Glove Delivery
Threshold Delivery
Terms of Use
Your Privacy and Security
Accessibility
View All
Our Company
About Lamps Plus
Contact Us
Trade Program
Careers
Privacy Policy
Our Stores
Store Locator
Curbside Pickup
Lighting Design Services
New Homeowner Savings
Help
Customer Service
Order Status
FAQs
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Resources
Ideas and Advice
Catalogs
Manage Account
Accessibility
Rate Us
Stay Connected
Great deals & inspiration to your inbox!
#MYLAMPSPLUS
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Houzz
Youtube
800-782-1967
Email Us
Discount Pricing for the Trade
Contract Lighting for Hotels & More
The Nation’s Largest Lighting Retailer
© 2020 Lamps Plus, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Site Map
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Info. See our policy. | CA Transparency Act
*Free Shipping applies only to orders shipping to the 48 contiguous United States that qualify and meet the minimum purchase requirement; standard shipping only and select products excluded, including freight, oversized items and Open Box items. Free Returns applies only to orders shipped to the 48 contiguous United States and is valid on select items; does not apply to freight, Daily Sale, designs with Giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, Open Box items, or certain items with designer shades.
Free Shipping on Most Orders
Only $5.00 shipping on orders $49.00 and under.
Plus Free Returns on 1,000s of Products
Terms & Conditions apply