http://www.hollywoodcollectibles.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
MLB
New York Yankees
Miami Marlines
Los Angeles Dodgers
Tampa Bay Rays
NBA
Miami Heat
Los Angeles Lakers
Denver Nuggets
Boston Celtics
NFL
NHL
CELEBRITY
Contact Us
Account
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails: The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used  to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow them) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. If you disable cookies manyh sites (including HollywoodCollectibles.com) maynot work as well as expected.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and keep track of advertisements and .
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties (such as UPS, USPS and Fedex) who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.hollywoodcollectibles.com1300 Stirling Road Suite 1 C&DDania Beach, Florida 33004 altman@hollywoodcollectibles.com
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.