http://www.energyalternatives.ca/company.html#privacy
Online
Store
Resources
Company
E-services
Company
Mission
Statement
Energy Alternatives is a progressive organization providing clean, renewable
sources of power generation. We provide remote, urban and industrial clients
the means to save money, reduce ecological impact and realize their sustainable
living goals.
Our goals are achieved through personalized consultation, design,
sales and installation of sustainable living systems. As we are a small
company, we are able to take the time to analyze customers' requirements
and come up with an appropriate customized solution.
We want to expand our company. Through growth, we can set higher objectives,
serve more people, increase our knowledge base, and further our mandate
The
Energy Alternatives Story
Energy Alternatives was founded in 1984 by Melinda and Ezra Auerbach.
They were living on a remote island in BC that still to this date does
not have grid power and all power on the island is either provided by
generators or renewable energy
The company worked hard to establish itself as "Canada's Mail Order
Electricity Store" from the home office base.
Ezra and Melinda were responsible for creating the Design Guide and Catalogue,
which is currently in it's 10th edition. These design guides are so popular
and well distributed, we regularly get calls from people who are reading
catalogues that date back to the early 1990's.
The catalogue has gone through major changes and updates as products
and technology advance, but still retains the essence of the original
catalogue. Information is provided in an easy to understand format, explaining
how this technology actually works without getting too technical.
Eventually, due to the logistics of shipping goods from an island with sporadic
private ferry services and a particularly treacherous crossing during winter
storms they decided to open a storefront in Parksville, BC.
In 1995, the company was sold to Bob Mathews and relocated to Kamloops, BC and
merged with Bob's existing Micro Hydro company, Appropriate Energy Systems.
In March 2000 the company was purchased by
, who had been working as a dealer and installer since 1993. The company
was relocated back to the West Coast, just north of Victoria, British
Columbia, Canada.
In June, 2000 we launched the first version of our website as well as
a major update of the catalogue.
In August 2003 we re-launched our new website, complete with online buying
and a complete redesign to make it more user friendly.
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise make our
customer database available to other organizations under any circumstances.
Customer information and order details are stored in a secure database that is
not viewable to others.
Energy Alternatives will, from time to time, send information to clients who
have requested a print catalogue. This information can include details on
specials, new products, up and coming events and courses.
If you do not wish to be on this list, please
and we will remove your name from the mailing list.
Business
Referrals
Pacific
Van & Camper Holdings Inc. For all your RV needs on Vancouver
Island, BC
Rick Gustavson
of Re/Max Masters specializes in island retreat real estate and recreational
properties on Gambier Island, Keats Island, Hardy Island and the Sunshine
Coast. Escape to these pristine waterfront acreages only 30 minutes from
Vancouver BC Canada. Call Rick for all your British Columbia recreational
real estate needs. Energy Alternatives has supplied power systems to many
of Rick's customers.
Xantrex: Smart choice
for power. Energy Alternatives is proud to represent Xantrex products.
Outback Power
Company
Mission Statement & Purpose
The EA Story
Privacy Statement
Homepage
Contact Energy
Alternatives - (250) 846-9888 • Smithers,
British Columbia Canada V0J 2X2
© Copyright 2013 EA Energy Alternatives Ltd.
Design & Resources - Articles, Troubleshooting,
Education, FAQ's,
System Design,
Design Tools,
Conservation, Catalogue
Download.
Company - Installations,
About EA,
Testimonials,
Privacy Statement,
Homepage s
Catalogue - Systems,
Photovoltaics,
Wind, Microhydro,
Inverters, Batteries,
Battery Chargers,
Balance of Systems,
Pumps, Generators,
Books & Education