https://www.vivavintageclothing.com/privacy-policy/
icon-star
account icon
cart icon
arrow down
arrow left
arrow left
icon-dropdown
icon-decrement
icon-increment
icon-heart
search icon
menu icon
menu icon
icon-scroll-down
Email
Facebook
Flickr
Google Plus
Instagram
Kickstarter
LinkedIn
Mail
Medium
Pinterest
Print
Rdio
Reddit
RSS
Spotify
StumbleUpon
Tumblr
Twitter
Vimeo
Vine
YouTube
icon-mastercard
icon-visa
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
icon-apple
Privacy Policy
Viva Vintage Inc. is committed to respecting privacy and data-protection regulations. This policy informs you of the steps we take to protect your rights. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Essential information that we collect
In operating our store, it is essential for us to capture some information about your device, such as your IP address and information related to your visit when you browse our store. For example, this might include: time-stamp, the last page or product you visited, or the indication that you logged in.
We do that in order to:
Remember who you are after you log in so that you do not need to authenticate at each click;
Monitor if our website is running with the high performance we are dedicated to providing;
Let you browse between products without having to start back from the home page at each click, remember if you put something in your shopping cart before you decide to checkout, and control that your data is processed securely.
We call the information mentioned above “essential information” and we collect it through the use of cookies. Cookies are small text files that most websites uses. A website places cookies in the web browser and then reads the information collected through the cookies every time the user performs an action. We use cookies. Without enabling this mechanism and this kind of cookies (first-party cookies), we could not provide you with the smooth experience that you expect while you are navigating.
Google cookies
We also use third party cookies to run Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These cookies gather website visitor data (such as type or device used to access the site and the geographic region you are in when you visit the site) to optimize website content and marketing and do not collect any personally identifiable information.Order information that you expressly provide
If you buy something from our store, we will need more specific information about you. To fully process your order and ship the merchandise you selected, we need your personal data such as your first and last name, your email address and your shipping and billing address. We also use your contact and order information to send you communication related to the processing of your order. We will ask you to provide this information in our “checkout page” before letting you finalize your purchase with the payment.
Accounts
You may create an account with us, if you’d like. This allows our website to remember your information. This means that each time you shop with us, you will not have to provide all of your information over again --you just have to log-in. Before registering your account, we will ask you to expressly provide your consent to this privacy policy. We will ONLY open your account if you give us your consent. We will also give you the possibility to easily withdraw your consent and delete your account. Just contact us via the email at the bottom of this page, or via our website Contact Us page, and we will be happy to do so.
Email newsletter
When you provide your email to us, either during the checkout process or when creating an account, we do NOT automatically subscribe you to our newsletter. In order to receive it, you must choose to sign up for our newsletter emails, and confirm your subscription via an opt-in email that you will receive.
We send our newsletter to provide special offers and coupons, and to update you with the latest news about our business and products that may be of interest to you. We do NOT sell or provide your email address or other personal data to unaffiliated third parties.
How do we process your information?
We use an external provider to run our store, BigCommerce. BigCommerce is based in the US and is a participant in the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and committed to providing best-in-class service and data protection. You can check its participation in the Privacy Shield here on the official site of The International Trade Administration (ITA), U.S. Department of Commerce.
Payment
Our credit card payment processor, Authorize.net, is a certified PCI DSS Level 1 payment provider (a very strict industry standard with requirements for the security of credit card information). Using Authorize.net enables us to provide secure payments without storing your card details on our servers. The servers used by our website host, Bigcommerce, are also PCI DSS 3.2 certified at Level 1.
Third party websites
Our website may contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any liability for these policies.
How can you control your personal data?
If you are one of our customers who is in the EU, and we are specifically selling our products to the Member State where you are located, you have specific rights that we are honored to enforce without undue delay: Access, Correct, Erasure, Port, Object. If you cannot exercise your choice on your account page or if you do not have an account with us, please reach out to us, at the contact details at the bottom of this page. We will be more than happy to help.
How long do we keep your data?
We may keep your data for as long as you have an account with us. We may also keep some data for security reasons. Most importantly, we have specific obligations for fraud detection and tax reasons. Therefore, we might need to retain certain data even if you ask to delete it.
Do we have any legal obligations when handling your data?
We might need to share your personal information to comply with applicable legal obligations, such as tax reasons or fraud detection.
Who can you reach out to for privacy matters, or to lodge a complaint?
You can contact us here, or through our website "Contact Us" link:
Amy Mayberry
info@vivavintageclothing.com
4107 N. Bell Ave. Chicago, IL 60618 USA
If we update our Privacy Policy to reflect a change or improvement of our services or a new legal obligation, we will publish the new version on our website Privacy Policy page.
Privacy Policy effective date: May 22nd, 2018.