http://www.totaldiscrepair.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service – Total Disc Repair
);
Product Quick Launch
Select a category
Top Selling Products  (8)
Eco Pro 2  (20)
Eco Pro 2 Machines  (4)
Eco Pro Consumables  (8)
Eco Pro Parts  (10)
Eco Pro Servicing  (1)
VMI Hybrid  (12)
VMI Hybrid Machines  (4)
VMI Hybrid Consumables  (7)
VMI Hybrid Parts  (3)
VMI Hybrid Servicing  (1)
Eco Clever  (36)
Eco Clever Machines  (5)
Eco Clever Consumables  (21)
Eco Clever Parts  (12)
Eco Clever Servicing  (1)
Repack-It  (16)
Repack-It Machines  (6)
Repack-It Consumables  (10)
Eco Master  (35)
Eco Master Machines  (4)
Eco Master Consumables  (19)
Eco Master Parts  (16)
Eco Master Servicing  (2)
Eco Smart  (31)
Eco Smart Machines  (3)
Eco Smart Consumables  (18)
Eco Smart Parts  (10)
Uncategorised  (0)
Disc Care Products  (5)
Disc-Go-Devil 1  (20)
Disc-Go-Devil 1 Machines  (0)
Disc-Go-Devil 1 Consumables  (7)
Disc-Go-Devil 1 Parts  (13)
Disc-Go-Devil 1 Servicing  (0)
Eco Clean  (7)
Eco Clean Machines  (2)
Eco Clean Consumables  (5)
VMI 2550  (11)
VMI 2550 Machines  (3)
VMI 2550 Consumables  (6)
VMI 2550 Parts  (4)
VMI 2550 Servicing  (1)
VMI QuickSand  (9)
VMI QuickSand Machines  (3)
VMI QuickSand Consumables  (6)
VMI Quicksand Parts  (2)
Historic Machines  (26)
VMI 3550  (12)
Reconditioned VMI 3550  (1)
VMI 3550 Consumables  (6)
VMI 3550 Parts  (7)
Compact  (10)
Compact Consumables  (6)
Compact Parts  (4)
SY4  (4)
Redisc Easy  (5)
Fix-A-Disc  (3)
Disc-Go-Roboto II  (0)
Disc-Go-Roboto II Machines  (0)
Disc-Go-Roboto II Consumables  (5)
OneStep  (4)
RTI Devil 2.0  (0)
RTI Devil 2.0 Machines  (0)
RTI Devil 2.0 Consumables  (5)
TDR Discus  (5)
HOME
MACHINES
SHOP
Eco Pro 2
VMI Hybrid
Eco Clever
Repack-It
Eco Master
Eco Smart
Disc Care Products
Disc-Go-Devil 1
Eco Clean
VMI 2550
VMI QuickSand
Historic Machines
SUPPORT
Servicing
Documents
CONTACT
My account
Lost password
0COVID-19 Update
Home Terms of Service
Coronavirus
It is anticipated that COVID19 will cause disruption to all businesses and to people’s day to day lives over the coming weeks and beyond. As employers we have a duty of care to our staff and as a business, we also have a further duty of care to our clients to ensure that we provide as safe an environment as possible for all concerned and ensure that we do not expose anyone to unnecessary risk.
As government’s guidance is likely to change as time passes, we would like to make you aware of the measures we are putting in place to enable us to maintain a level of service during these difficult times. You will appreciate this is an evolving situation and we will continue to act on the advice provided by Public Health England and would encourage you to do so as well.
We have measures in place to enable our employees to work from home if necessary. For the time being staff will remain working from the office until the government advises otherwise, or we have a confirmed case within the building.
Due to the nature of our business there are many factors out of our control that could affect the products and services we offer. We endeavour to maintain inventory in order to fulfil all orders, however the impact of the virus on our suppliers and couriers is out of our control and so we cannot guarantee supply during these difficult times.
In the event our offices have to close, we will continue to maintain support but even with key staff working from home it is highly likely that you will experience a disruption in service due to reduced capability. We will be working hard to minimise any disruption to clients, but we ask for your patience and understanding during any such event.
We would request that only essential visits are made to our offices in order to protect our staff and visitors alike and assist with stopping the spread of the virus.
If you do visit our offices, please ensure you use hand sanitiser provided, or wash your hands when you enter and exit the building.
For more information and latest advise, please visit https://www.gov.uk/guidance/coronavirus-covid-19-information-for-the-public
We would like to thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation during this unprecedented period.
Our Terms of Service
Terms and ConditionsTotal Disc Repair is a responsible trader both online and offline; we pride ourselves on being transparent about our terms.Read our full Terms and ConditionsGDPR & Privacy PolicyTotal Disc Repair Limited are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out how we process your personal data and your rights in respect of that data. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the ‘Act’), the data controller is Total Disc Repair Limited of Unit 1, Christchurch Business Park, Radar Way, Christchurch, Dorset, BH23 4FL.Read our Full Privacy PolicyOrder FulfilmentWe can only fulfil some products to certain countries outside the UK…TDR distributes products from a range of global manufacturers and we operate within various distributor networks. Whether we can supply a machine, consumables or parts to you depends on which product range you are interested in and in which country you are based.If you place an order with us for products covered by a different distributor, we may be obliged to pass your order on to them, for which the sales price may be different.If in any doubt, please contact us to find out if we can fulfil your order, we promise a speedy response.We reserve the right to cancel any order and refund any payments for goods purchased outside our guidelines; we are sorry if this inconveniences you in any way.Read our Shipping TermsTax/VATBy law, all orders shipped within the UK must have 20% VAT applied.Orders are exempt from tax when sent to regions such as the Republic of Ireland and the Channel Islands as well as countries outside the EU (for instances that we are contractually able to fulfil).Orders placed by customers within the EU must also be charged VAT unless a valid tax code is provided. You can enter your tax number at checkout.
Total Disc Repair
Unit 1, Christchurch Business Park
Radar Way, Christchurch
BH23 4FL
t: +44 (0) 1202 489 500
e: sales@totaldiscrepair.com
MenuOutside the UK?
About TDR
Meet the Team
Shipping
Warranties
Terms of Service
AccountMy account
Delete my Data
Sign up to our Newsletter
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Country (required)
2+6=?
@2020 by TDR | Privacy Policy.
COVID-19 Update0
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks