http://www.hokulanicoffee.com/privacy.htm
Hoku Lani Privacy Policy
This
privacy statement was last updated on08/31/04. Hoku Lani
Coffee has created this privacy statement in order to disclose
our information gathering and dissemination practices for
this Web site, www.holulanicoffee.com Upon reading this
privacy statement, you will know:
1. What
personally identifiable information of yours is collected
from you through the web site.
2. The organization collecting the information.
3. How the information is used.
Questions
regarding this statement should be directed to us at the following
address:
GoFish
Design Group
attn: Hoku Lani Coffee Internet Privacy Coordinator
P.O. Box 60498
San Diego, CA 92166
To return
to the Hoku Lani Coffee home page, please click the Home Button
above, use the "Back" button on your browser or
click here.
Hoku
Lani Coffee is the sole owner of the information it gathers
on its site. Hoku Lani Coffee will not share any of your information
with any outside party without your explicit consent unless
we are required by law or in the good-faith belief that such
action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the
law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, or comply with
a legal process served on our Web site.
We only
collect contact information such as name and email address.
We use this information for the sole purpose of keeping you
up to date on key issues that Hoku Lani Coffee is working
on. Additionally, we may contact you regarding special offers
available to Hoku Lani Coffee customers. You may opt out of
our mailing list by following the unsubscribe link at the
bottom of every email or offer.
We
do offer online sales through PayPal, our preferred payment
processor. All payment records, including confidential
payment records are maintained by PayPal. PayPal utilizes
Secure Transaction processing using SSL. As with ANY online
purchase, please verify a secure transaction session with
the presence of the padlock in the lower corner of your
browser.
Be
A Friend - Tell a Friend about
Hoku Lani Coffee
©2002 - 2015
Hoku Lani Coffee - All Rights Reserved - Privacy | Site Design