https://www.racquetballwarehouse.com/returnpolicies.html
Skip to main content
Return Policies
365-Day Returns
Racquetball Warehouse wants you to take comfort in knowing that all items can be returned for a full refund within 365 days of invoice date.
Products must be unused and in the condition they were received.
Autographed items are not returnable. All sales of these items are final.
Strung racquets will not be refunded for the price of the string.
Any racquet purchased as new, and returned used, will be eligible for a maximum of 75% store credit.
How to complete your return
Fill out the Contiguous United States Return and Exchange Instructions form and indicate that you would like an exchange, refund or store credit.
Place the items you would like to return along with a copy of the "Racquetball Warehouse Return and Exchange Instructions" form back into the original shipping box, soft pack or similar shipping container. Securely tape your shipment closed.
Attach the enclosed pre-paid UPS return label to the outside of the box or soft pack. Write down the tracking number located on the return shipping label to track the progress of your package back to our warehouse. Remove or black out any other labels.
Drop the box off at any authorized UPS Service Station or UPS building. To find the UPS Service Station closest to you click here. You can also return your shipment by handing your package to a UPS driver.
Once your return is received, the refund will be applied to your original method of payment. Please allow two business days for your return to be processed. Please note, depending on your credit card or bank, it may take 2-10 business days for the refund to post to your account.
For additional questions about Racquetball Warehouse returns please email
info@racquetballwarehouse.com.
New Racquets
All racquets must be in new condition showing no signs of use (i.e. Upgraded grip, string, bumper guard, plastic removed from handle, or any other signs of use.)
All racquets that are not new condition can be returned within 90 days of the invoice date for up to 75% of the current selling price in Racquetball Warehouse store credit. Refunds will not be given for return of used racquets.
Defective Racquets
All new racquets come with a manufacturer's warranty. Please note that manufacturer's policies vary by brand
HEAD: 6 Months (One replacement max)
Harrow: 6 Months
E-Force: 1 Year
Ektelon: 1 Year
Dunlop: 1 Year
Gearbox: 1 Year
ProKennex: 1 Year
Wilson: 6 Months
Defective replacements are at the sole discretion of the manufacturer.
Racquetball Warehouse may replace the racquet immediately if we feel the manufacturer will determine the racquet is defective.
Racquets sent to the manufacturer for evaluation can take up to 6 weeks.
Racquets that have been abused, run over, damaged from heat, etc. will not be replaced.
If purchased racquet is no longer available, store credit will be given in the amount of the original purchase price.
Footwear
Shoes must be returned in the condition they were received.
Please use the box the shoes were shipped in to return shoes. Do not place any shipping labels or tape directly on the shoebox.
Please make sure shoes do not have any sock fuzz/lint, human or pet hair, dirt, or any other foreign substances before returning them.
Please send the shoes with a note attached stating if you would like credit or an exchange.
***Note: Any items sent back that do not abide by these guidelines will either be sent back to the customer or will be issued Racquetball Warehouse store credit, at Racquetball Warehouse's discretion. All Returns and Exchanges must be submitted within 1 year of the Invoice date. Returns and Exchanges received after 1 year will be sent back to the customer and a refund or credit will not be given.
Apparel
All apparel must be returned unwashed and unworn with the original tags still attached.
Apparel that has been worn or washed, cannot be returned or exchanged.
Bags, String and other Miscellaneous Items
The items in this category do not come with a manufacturer warranty
Racquetball Warehouse will take back items that are defective for 30 days after the invoice date.
Court Equipment
Ball Machines and Stringing Machines come with a 1 year manufacturer's warranty.
Any drop shipped item (shipped directly from the manufacturer) must be returned to the manufacturer within 30 days of the original invoice date.
You must request a Return Authorization (RA) from Racquetball Warehouse. Please email info@racquetballwarehouse.com
Skip to footer
Search
Customer Service
Contact Us Restring Service Order Tracking Ordering Information Shipping Options Return Policies Warranties International Ordering Sizing Charts Privacy Policies
Racquets Expand
HEAD Ektelon ProKennex E-Force
Gearbox Wilson Harrow Package Deals
Clearance Racquets Pickleball
Racquetball Shoes Expand
ASICS adidas Mizuno HEAD New Balance Babolat Nike Salming Black Knight Wilson Ektelon Women's Shoes Insoles Shoe Accessories Clearance Shoes
Gloves Expand
HEAD Ektelon ProKennex Wilson Bionic E-Force Gearbox Gexco Glove Accessories
Eyewear Bags Racquetballs Apparel Expand
Men's Women's Socks Hats & Visors Wrist/Head Bands
Accessories Expand
String Grips Grommets Vibration Dampeners Miscellaneous Stringing Machines Nutrition Body Care
Shop By Brand
Back To Top