http://www.purwaterfilter.com/privacypolicy.html
This site is hosted by Aabaco Small Business. Aabaco Small Business hosts the store pages, ordering
system, and order data. Aabaco Small Business automatically collects order information but
may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store
through Yahoo Shopping, Aabaco Small Business also automatically collects information
about your shopping experience. Please see the
Yahoo Privacy Policy for more
information about how Aabaco Small Business uses this information.Privacy Policy Statement - PurWaterFilter.comThis is the web site of
PurWaterFilter.comOur postal address is
PurWaterFilter.com
PO Box 340
Windsor, CA 95492We can be reached via e-mail at info@purwaterfilter.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 800-655-6100
Yahoo! collects personal information when you visit our web pages.
This includes your IP address and Yahoo! cookie information.
We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illigal activities, suspected fraud, and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.We use 128 bit SSL information encrytion and we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, writing us at the above address.Consumers can access this information by writing to us at the above address.
This information can be corrected by calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.