http://www.motionpro.com/a/privacy-statement
Menu
INNOVATIVE TOOLS AND PRODUCTS THAT HELP YOU MAINTAIN AND REPAIR MOTORCYCLES, ATVS AND UTVS
INNOVATIVE TOOLS AND PRODUCTS THAT HELP YOU MAINTAIN AND REPAIR MOTORCYCLES, ATVS AND UTVS
Find Stores
In Stores
Sign In
user
Cart
cart
wheels
0
Sign Out
Cables
Cables
All Cable Types
Armor Coat Cables
Black Vinyl Cables
Blackout Cables
Cable Accessories
Custom Cables
Miscellaneous Speedo Kits and Accessories
T3 Cables
Universal Cables
Carburetor Caps
TORS Eliminator Kits for Banshee
Tech Tip: Maintaining You Cables
Cable Maintenance 101
Maintaining your motorcycle is an important job. Not only so that your bike will live a long life, but also so that it works at its optimum.
VIEW TECH TIP
Controls
Controls
Levers and Perches
Rev2 Throttles
Throttles
Throttle Tubes
Titan Throttle Tubes
Twist Throttle Kits
TORS Eliminator Kits for Banshee
Handlebar Start/Stop Switches
Grips
Featured Product: Rev2™ Variable Rate Throttle Kit
Easily Tune Your Throttle Rate to Riding Conditions and Rider Preference
The Rev2™ throttle has several different size reels that will change how much twist is necessary for the throttle to completely open the carbs or throttle bodies on a motorcycle.
SHOP NOW!
Tools
Tools
Alignment Tools
American V-Twin Tools
ATV Tools
Axle
Battery
Bearing Tools
Brakes
Brushes
Cable
Cam
Chain
Cooling System Tools
Cleaning and Mud Removal
Engine - Lower
Engine - Upper
Flywheel Pullers
Fuel System Tools
Gear Holders
Hex And Torx Wrenches
Ignition
Magnetic Pick Up Tools
Oil Filter
Pliers
Pullers
Spanner Nut Sockets
Specialty Sockets
Specialty Wrenches
Spring Hooks
Steering/Handlebar Tools
Suspension
T-Handles
Tire/Wheel
Titanium Wrenches
Tool Kits
Torque Setting
Trail Tools and Gear
UTV Tools
Vintage Bikes
How-To: Video
How-To: Change Your Off-Road Motorcycle Tire
Motion Pro shows you time saving tips and tools to change your tire.
WATCH NOW!
All Categories
All Categories
Accessories
American V-Twin
Apparel
Battery
Cable Accessories
Clearance
Controls
Cooling System Accessories
Custom Cables
Fuel System
Fun Stuff
Gift Guide
Grip Glue and Adhesives
Hardware
Levers and Perches
Lubricants
Grips
Pit Gear
Tech Gear
Tools
Vintage Bikes
Tech Tip: Cooling System
Help Your Bike Keep Its Cool
If your motorcycle or ATV is water cooled, you know how important it is to make sure you have enough coolant in your bike. But did you know that just checking the reservoir on occasion is not all that it takes?
VIEW TECH TIP
New Products
V-Twin
V-Twin
American V-Twin Tools
Cables For V-Twin
Custom Cables
Lubricants
Throttles and Throttle Kits
Cable Clamps
Throttle By Wire Extended Length Harnesses
Helmet Lock
Wheel Weights
Featured Product: Clutch Adjuster Nut Tool for HD
Need An Affordable Option To Adjust Your Clutch Nut On Your H-D®?
A Simple Solution Without Breaking The Bank
Our Clutch Adjuster Nut Tool for H-D® is compact and easy to use for quickly making clutch adjustments. It's designed to be used with a 11/16" combination wrench and the hollow center allows for a hex wrench to be used to hold the clutch adjuster screw.
SHOP NOW!
Blog
Categories
Products
Articles
Motion Pro Privacy Policy
Last modified: 10/08/2018
1. Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes how MotionPro collects and uses Personal Data about you through the use of our Website and through email, text, and other electronic communications between you and MotionPro.
Motion Pro respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.motionpro.com (the “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
on our Website;
in email, text, phone, and other electronic messages between you and MotionPro.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by MotionPro or any third-party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including videos and advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
2. Data Controller, Data Protection Officer, and Representative
MotionPro is the data controller of your Personal Data. At this time, MotionPro is not required to appoint a Data Protection Officer or a representative in the EU, and has elected not to do so. This Privacy Policy will be updated in the event MotionPro is required to appoint either of these positions or elects to do so in the future. MotionPro may be contacted in any manner set forth below in the “Contact Information” Section of this Privacy Policy.
3. Children Under the Age of 16
Our Website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not register on the Website, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of our Website, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received Personal Data from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from a child under 16, please contact us through the Contact Information below.
4. Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website (“Personal Data”):
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, mailing, shipping, and billing postal address, e-mail address, and home, work, and cellular telephone number;
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as traffic data, location data, logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Website, error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies; and
from third parties, for example, our business partners, including our eCommerce provider and our payment processor.
Information You Provide to Us
The information we collect on or through our Website are:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering as a distributor or a customer, subscribing to our newsletter and other updates, placing an order, posting feedback or reviews, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website;
records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us; and
details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
The Personal Data we collect from you is required to enter into a contract with MotionPro, for MotionPro to perform under the contract, and to provide you with our products and services. If you refuse to provide such Personal Data or withdraw your consent to our processing of Personal Data, then in some cases we may not be able to enter into the contract or fulfill our obligations to you under it.
You also may provide feedback and reviews to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the Website or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, “User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns:
details of your visits to our Website. We collect traffic data, location data, logs, referring/exit pages, date and time of your visit to our Website, error information, clickstream data, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and
Information about your computer and internet connection, i.e. your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically may include Personal Data or we may maintain it or associate it with Personal Data we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests;
speed up your searches; and
recognize you when you return to our Website.
Details about the automated data collection technologies and the specific cookies that we use can be found in our Cookie Policy.
5. Lawful Basis for Processing Your Personal Data
If you are in the European Union, the processing of your Personal Data is lawful only if it is permitted under the applicable data protection laws. We have a lawful basis for each of our processing activities (except when an exception applies as described below):
Consent. By using our Website, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data as described in this privacy policy. If you do not consent to this privacy policy, please do not use the Website.
Legitimate Interests. We will process your Personal Data as necessary for our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are balanced against your rights and freedoms and we do not process your Personal Data if your rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. Our legitimate interests are to: facilitate communication between MotionPro and you; detect and correct bugs and to improve our Website; safeguard our IT infrastructure and intellectual property; detect and prevent fraud and other crime; promote and market our business; check your credit and perform risk assessments (if you are a distributor); and develop our product and services.
To Fulfill Our Obligations to You under our Contract. We process your Personal Data in order to fulfill our obligations to you pursuant to the sales contract with you to deliver our goods and services to you.
As Required by Law. We may also process your Personal Data when we are required or permitted to by law; to comply with government inspections, audits, and other valid requests from government or other public authorities; to respond to legal process such as subpoenas; or as necessary for us to protect our interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies (for instance, when necessary to prevent or detect fraud, attacks against our network, or other criminal and tortious activities), defend litigation, and manage complaints or claims.
6. Special Categories of Information
MotionPro does not ask you to provide, and we do not knowingly collect, any special categories of Personal Data from you, which includes personal data that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade unions membership, or personal data concerning your health or data concerning your sex life or sexual orientation or history of criminal convictions.
7. Automated Decisions Making
MotionPro does not use your Personal Data with any automated decision making process, including profiling, which may produce a legal effect concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.
8. How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any Personal Data:
to present our Website and its contents to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though them;
to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
With your consent, we may also use your information to send you our newsletter and to contact you about new content on our Website and about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you wish to sign up to receive this information, simply submit your email address in the relevant boxes on our Website, such as through the “STAY IN THE LOOP and “STAY TUNED” boxes and other places where we provide you this option. If you wish to change your choice, you may do so at any time by contacting us through the Contact Information below. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
9. Disclosure of Your Information
We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose your Personal Data for purposes other than those outlined in this Privacy Policy. However, we may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Data that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business. These entities provide IT and infrastructure support services, eCommerce providers, and payment processing services. Our payment processors’ privacy policies may be found at https://www.authorize.net/about-us/privacy.
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Motion Pro, Inc.’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Motion Pro, Inc. about our Website’s users is among the assets transferred;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it;
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and
with your consent.
We may also disclose your Personal Data:
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;
to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Motion Pro, Inc., our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
10. Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We do not control the collection and use of your information collected by third parties described above in Disclosure of Your Information. When possible, these organizations are under contractual obligations to use this data only for providing the services to us and to maintain this information strictly confidential. These third parties may, however, aggregate the information they collect with information from their other customers for their own purposes.
In addition, we strive to provide you with choices regarding the Personal Data you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with control over your Personal Data:
Promotional Offers from MotionPro. We will only use your contact information to promote our own products and services with your express consent. If you wish to consent to such use, you can check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your Personal Data or otherwise seek such consent. If you wish to change your choice, you may do so at any time by contacting us through the Contact Information below. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may click the unsubscribe link to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to MotionPro as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
11. Your Rights Regarding Your Information and Accessing and Correcting Your Information
Applicable data protection laws may provide you with certain rights with regards to our processing of your Personal Data.
Access and Update. You can review and change your Personal Data by notifying us through the Contact Information below or through our Website’s contact us page of any changes or errors in any Personal Data we have about you to ensure that it is complete, accurate, and as current as possible. We may also not be able to accommodate your request if we believe it would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Restrictions. You have the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances. In particular, you can request we restrict our use of it if you contest its accuracy, if the processing of your Personal Data is determined to be unlawful, or if we no longer need your Personal Data for processing but we have retained it as permitted by law.
Portability. To the extent the Personal Data you provide MotionPro is processed based on your consent, you have the right to request that we provide you a copy of, or access to, all or part of such Personal Data in structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. You also have the right to request that we transmit this Personal Data to another controller, when technically feasible.
Withdrawal of Consent. To the extent that our processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by closing your account. Withdrawing your consent will not, however, affect the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent before its withdrawal, and will not affect the lawfulness of our continued processing that is based on any other lawful basis for processing your Personal Data.
Right to be Forgotten. You have the right to request that we delete all of your Personal Data. We will only delete your Personal Data when we no longer have a lawful basis for processing your Personal Data or after a final determination that your Personal Data was unlawfully processed. We may not accommodate a request to erase information if we believe the deletion would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. In all other cases, we will retain your Personal Data as set forth in this policy. In addition, we cannot completely delete your Personal Data as some data may rest in previous backups. These will be retained for the periods set forth in our disaster recovery policies. Even after we delete your Personal Data, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. Proper access and use of information provided on the Website, including User Contributions, is governed by our terms of use.
Complaints. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority in the country you live in, the country you work in, or the country where you believe your rights under applicable data protection laws have been violated. However, before doing so, we request that you contact us directly in order to give us an opportunity to work directly with you to resolve any concerns about your privacy.
How You May Exercise Your Rights. You may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us through any of the methods listed under Contact Information below and through the Contact Us feature of our Website. If you contact us to exercise any of the foregoing rights, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide sufficient information to verify your identity or to satisfy our legal and business requirements. Please note that if you make unfounded, repetitive, or excessive requests (as determined in our reasonable discretion) to access your Personal Data, you may be charged a fee subject to a maximum set by applicable law.
12. Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits minors under the age of 18 to request the removal of your User Contributions, subject to certain exceptions. If you are under the age of 18 in California, you may contact us using the Contact Information below (if you contact us via email, please use the subject “California Eraser Law Request”). We may not remove your User Contributions that we are required to retain under any federal or state law, or that have been provided to a third party. While we will do our best to remove a minor’s information upon a valid request, we cannot ensure the complete or comprehensive removal of your User Contributions from our Website or any information that has been republished, copied, downloaded, or reposted by any third party, and we cannot guarantee that any such information may not be accessible to users of the Internet in the future. We do not advertise or market any of the products or services identified in California Business and Professionals Code Section 22580(i) to users who we have actual knowledge are under 18 years of age.
13. Do Not Track Signals
We also may use automated data collection technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Some web browsers permit you to broadcast a signal to websites and online services indicating a preference that they “do not track” your online activities. At this time, we do not honor such signals and we do not modify what information we collect or how we use that information based upon whether such a signal is broadcast or received by us.
14. Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your Personal Data from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions is handled by our payment processor and will be encrypted.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Data transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of Personal Data is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
15. Consent to Processing of Personal Data in the United States
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), in order to provide our Website, products, and services to you, we may send and store your Personal Data outside of the EEA, including to the United States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred outside the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide an equivalent level of protection for your Personal Data. Your information may be processed and stored in the United States and United States federal, state, and local governments, courts, or law enforcement or regulatory agencies may be able to obtain disclosure of your information through the laws of the United States.
Your Personal Data is transferred by MotionPro to another country only if it is required or permitted under applicable data protection law and provided that there are appropriate safeguards in place to protect your Personal Data. By using our Website, you represent that you have read and understood the above and hereby consent to the storage and processing of Personal Data in the United States. To ensure your Personal Data is treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, MotionPro uses Data Protection Agreements between MotionPro and all other recipients of your data that include, where applicable, the Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission (the “Standard Contractual Clauses”). The European Commission has determined that the transfer of Personal Data pursuant to the Standard Contractual Clauses provides for an adequate level of protection of your Personal Data. Under these Standard Contractual Clauses, you have the same rights as if your data was not transferred to such third party. You may request a copy of the Data Protection Agreement by contacting us through the Contact Information below.
16. Data Retention Periods
MotionPro will retain your Personal Data for the entire time that you keep your account open (if you have one). We may also retain your Personal Data:
for as long as necessary to comply with any legal requirement;
for the duration of the warranty on the goods you purchase from us;
for a period of  7 (seven) years after you make a purchase from us;
on our backup and disaster recovery systems in accordance with our backup and disaster recovery policies and procedures;
for as long as necessary to protect our legal interests or otherwise pursue our legal rights and remedies; and
for data that has been aggregated or otherwise rendered anonymous in such a manner that you are no longer identifiable, indefinitely.
17. Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on the Website’ home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ Personal Data, we will notify you by email to the email address specified in your account and/or through a notice on the Website’ home page. The date this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
18. Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, have any requests related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, or otherwise need to contact us, you may contact us at the contact information below or through the “Contact Us” page on our Website.
To Contact MotionPro
MotionPro
Attn: Kevin Veltfort
3171 Swetzer Road
Loomis, CA 95650
United States
(650) 594-9600
privacy@motionpro.com
We use cookies to offer you a better experience and analyze site traffic.
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our cookie policy.
(650) 594-9600
M-F 8am - 5pm PST
Email Us
We will respond as quickly as we can.
About Motion Pro
All Categories
Tools
Cables
Controls
Clearance
Catalogs
Articles
Videos
Instructions
Contact Us
Shipping Info
Return Policy
Recall Information
Race Support
Create New Account
Careers
Privacy
Terms/Conditions
Cookie Policy
Warranty
Links
Site Map
FOLLOW US
Free Shipping on orders of $59.99 or more
Continental US Shipping Only
© 2020 Motion Pro, Inc. All rights reserved.
Stay Tuned
New Products • How-Tos • Racing Videos
Sign me up!
No thanks