http://www.sharzu.com/pages/privacy.html
Privacy Policy, Sharzu
SERVICES
Organic Jojoba Products - Order
Testimonies
Did You Know
Privacy Policy
Home Page
Privacy PolicyThe information given to us with your order will not be released to any other company for any reason. We consider this information private. We use the information only for the purposes of processing your order, and to notify you of special offers or products that maybe of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive promotional email, please notify us by email to privacy@sharzu.com.
SecurityWhen you make a purchase on Sharzu.com, you are doing so on a safe and secure server. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we employ reasonable and current Internet security methods and technologies. Sharzu uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt the information you send us when you make a purchase. This means that information such as your credit card number is encrypted, sent through the Internet as a jumbled code, then decoded and stored on Sharzu's secure server. The information cannot be read while it is being transmitted.
LinksWe appreciate your interest and hope that you enjoy visiting our website.
There may be links from this site to other websites but please note that this Privacy Statement applies only to this site and not to websites of other companies or organizations to which this site is linked.
Notification of ChangesIf we alter our privacy policy, any changes will be posted on this page of our site so that you are always informed of the information we collect about you, how we use it and the circumstances under which we may disclose it.
Contact UsIf you have any questions, concerns or comments regarding Sharzu's Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Email: privacy@sharzu.com
Phone: (805) 543-6783
Mail:
Sharzu
4902 Edna Rd.
San Luis Obispo, CA 93401
Sharzu ©
Copyright 2020
Developed
by NetTracks Internet Solutions