https://www.allkidsgolfclubs.com/securityprivacy.html
Home
Categories
Shipping
Help Center
About Us
Contact Us
Guarantee
AllKidsGolfClubs.comGolf Clubs For Kids Of All Ages
Log In/Sign Up
email:
pw:
Membership is FREEPost Reviews, Receive Notice Of Specials Sign Up Here     Password Help
Kids Golf Clubs & Sets
Ages 2-5
Ages 5-8
Ages 9-12
Teen Golf Sets
Left Handed
Single Clubs
Junior Golf Accessories
ON SALE!
Junior Golf Articles
Junior Golf Clubs Sizing Chart
How to Choose the Right Junior Golf Set
Tips on Buying & Sizing Junior Golf Clubs
Club Comparison Chart Age 2-5
9251
Security/Privacy
Security of your on-line transaction is very important to us.
All transactions are taken over a secure server connection. You may note the https in the URL of our order page. This means that your information is not accessible to anyone else. All transactions are fully encrypted, which is a process of "scrambling" a message into meaningless characters and numbers, and decrypting is the process of "e;unscrambling"e; these messages. Only All Kids Golf Clubs has the "e;Key"e; to the encryption, so no one else can unscramble your personal information.
All transactions, and information gathering, are completed on our secure server. When you're in secure mode, your computer and our server begin communicating, sending data back and forth in an encrypted format. The encryption features of browser software are exceptionally powerful and ensure the security of this data as it is transmitted to our server. Your browser in secure mode will display a URL address beginning "e;https://"e; rather than the standard "e;https://"e;. The "e;s"e; stands for "e;secure."e;
Privacy
All Kids Golf Clubs takes takes every precaution possible to protect your privacy. We do not ever sell or give away sensitive personal information (such as names, addresses or credit card information) to any outside company. From time to time manufacturers assist All Kids Golf Clubs with fulfillment and shipping, and in those cases these companies receive only your name and shipping address so that they can process and ship orders properly.
Use of Web Site Content
You may view and download material displayed on this web site for your personal, non-commercial use only. You agree to retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained within any materials you use for your personal use. You may not distribute, retransmit, republish, or use the contents of this Web site for public or commercial purposes, without prior written permission from All Kids Golf Clubs. You may not alter or interfere with the content or functioning of the Web site. The materials at this web site are copyrighted and any unauthorized use may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Copyrights
All content provided in this web site is copyrighted by All Kids Golf Clubs or by the original creator of the content. Except as provided in this Disclaimer, such content may not be reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the prior written permission of All Kids Golf Clubs or the copyright owner.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEE
All Kids Golf Clubs guarantees you will be satisfied with your golf clubs. We offer you a 30-day money back guarantee on any standard order. Our 30-day satisfaction guarantee does not apply to custom-built golf clubs, but we will be glad to make any adjustments necessary minus the cost of shipping. Please contact Customer Service at 888-221-9941 for return authorization so we can process your refund as quickly as possible.
Privacy
Welcome to All Kids Golf Clubs.  We've been a trusted online source for junior golf clubs for kids in the US since 1999.  We offer youth golf sets & clubs from toddler golf clubs to teen golf clubs.  We also carry a large selection of kids left handed golf clubs & sets and youth hybrid golf clubs. Check out our girls golf clubs for a great range of colors including purple & pink.  All Kids Golf Clubs also carries a variety of other junior golf equipment including kids golf gloves, golf practice balls, junior pull carts, junior golf bags and fun & whimsical junior golf headcovers.  These all make great golf gifts for kids!