http://www.helmpublishing.com/about/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Your access to and use of Helm Publishing, Inc.’s website located at www.helmpublishing.com,  is subject to the following terms and conditions plus all applicable laws. By using the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, including Helm Publishing’s Privacy Policy and any posted guidelines or updates.
Rights and Restrictions
Helm Publishing, Inc. has the right at any time to change or discontinue any aspect or feature of the Helm Publishing, Inc. site including, but not limited to, comment function, blog, content, hours of availability, and equipment needed to access the site.
You may download, display, or print information from this site solely for personal, non-commercial, scholarly use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. You do not acquire any rights by downloading the copyrighted material.
All content contained on or accessed from the site, including but not limited to the design, layout, “look and feel” and content, is owned by Helm Publishing, Inc. or its licensors and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property and unfair competition laws.
You may establish a hypertext link to the site, provided that the link does not state or imply any sponsorship or endorsement of your site by Helm Publishing, Inc.
You may not engage in systematic retrieval of content from the site to create or compile, directly or indirectly, a collection, compilation, database or directory without Helm Publishing, Inc.’s prior written permission.
You may not upload, post, or otherwise make available on the site any information (including software or other material) which is illegal, which violates or infringes upon the rights of any other person, which is abusive, which contains errors, viruses or other harmful components, or which is against the law. Helm Publishing, Inc. may at any time exercise editorial control over the content of the site.
Disclaimer of Warranty and Limitation of Liability
You expressly agree that use of Helm Publishing, Inc.’ssiteis at your sole risk. Neither Helm Publishing, Inc.nor any employees, agents, third partycontent providers, or licensors warrant that the site will be uninterrupted or error free.All content, products, and services included in or accessible from the site are provided "as is."
In no event shall Helm Publishing, Inc.’sor any other party’s liability for any damages or loss to you or any other party exceed the course fee paid by you for any content, products, and services accessed from this site. Other than its own products, Helm Publishing, Inc. does not endorse, warrant, or guarantee any products.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Helm Publishing, Inc., its directors, officers, shareholders, employees, and agents from and against all third-party claims of liability and costs, including attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection with your use of or inability to use the site or any content, products, or services included in or accessible from the site.
Professional Judgment
You accept in using this site and its continuing education courses that you will use your own professional judgment and consult a variety of sources in making clinical decisions for your individual patients and clients as health care practices change as new data become available. While Helm Publishing, Inc., makes every effort to see that no inaccurate or misleading data, opinions, or statements appear on the site, its content, or purchases from the site, it accepts no liability for the consequences of any such data, opinion, or statement.
Links
Helm Publishing, Inc.is not responsible for third-party links’ function or resources linked to theirsites.Helm Publishing, Inc.does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You should review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of these linked sites, as their policies may differ from those of Helm Publishing, Inc.
Posted Material
By posting on its site, you grant Helm Publishing, Inc. a royalty-free, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use your post in any format in connection with the site. Helm Publishing, Inc.is under no obligation to use any post you may provide, and it may remove any postat its sole discretion. By posting, you also warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your post including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for granting permission for its use.Helm Publishing, Inc.shall have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor posts to determine compliance with these Terms and Conditions.
Miscellaneous
If any provision of the Terms and Conditions is determined to be invalid or unenforceable under any applicable law, it shall be deemed omitted and the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and effect. This agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire understanding between the parties and all prior agreements, representations, and statements, oral or written, are hereby expressly superseded and cancelled.
Helm Publishing, Inc. P.O. Box 2105 Lake Dallas, TX 75065 940-497-3558