https://www.northernsun.com/terms.html
Advanced Search
0Cart
Log In
Account Options
Wishlist
Create An Account
Lost Password
Log In
Logout
Catalog
Custom
Custom T-Shirts
Custom Bumper Stickers
Custom Stickers and Labels
Custom Buttons
Custom Bags
Custom Mugs
Custom Videos
Ideas
Rewards for Ideas
Rate Graphics
Rate Slogans
Submit a Graphic
Write a Review
Fan Photos
Menu
Elections
Tshirts
Magnets
Calendars
Bumper Stickers
All Stickers
Buttons
Posters
New Arrivals
Sale Items
Clearance Items
Join Us
Popular
New Arrivals
Clearance
On Sale
Gift Ideas
Peace Signs
Well-Behaved Women
Music
Gardening
American Heroes
Elections
Categories
TShirts
TShirts
Womens TShirts
Long Sleeve TShirts
Kids TShirts
Organic TShirts
Bamboo TShirts
Clay-Dyed TShirts
Sweatshirts
Stickers
Stickers
Bumper Stickers
Bike Stickers
Big Stickers
Window Stickers
Static Cling
Buttons
Magnets
Calendars
Posters
Car Plaques-Emblems
Stationery
Note Cards
Books-Journals
Accessories
Face Masks
Bags
Socks
Patches
Headwear
Aprons
Jewelry
Flags-Banners
Music-Instruments
Household
Mugs-Glasses
Food-Kitchen
Lip Balm
Mints
Soap
Statues-Plaques
Seeds
Toys-Novelty
Toys-Novelty
Puzzles
Coloring Books
Signs
Signs
Sign Forks
Et Cetera
Gift Certificates
Retro Memorabilia
Northern Sun
2916 E Lake St
Mpls, MN
55406
800-258-8579
Retail Store is closed.
Call for curbside pickup
Hours:
9:00-4:00 Mon-Fri Central
Closed Saturday
Terms Of Use
Thanks for using www.northernsun.com (the "Website") which is provided by Northern Sun Merchandising
(the "Company"). This page states the Terms and Conditions (the "Terms" or the "Agreement") under which
you may use this Web Site.
Please read this page carefully. By accessing and using this Web Site you accept and agree to be bound,
without limitation or qualification, by these Terms. The Company may, at its sole discretion, modify
or revise these Terms at any time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such modification or
revision and should therefore visit this page periodically to review the Terms. By using the Web Site
after we have made any modification or revision, you agree to be bound by the revised terms.
If you do not accept any of the Terms stated here, please do not use the Web Site. The Company
retains the right to deny access to anyone at its complete discretion for any reason including
violation of these Terms.
Section 1. Use of Materials
The Company authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the material on the Web Site solely
for your personal, non-commercial use. Special rules may apply to the use of certain software and
other items provided on the Web Site. Any such special rules are listed as "Legal Notices" on this
Web Site and are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. The contents of this Web Site, such
as text, graphics, images, audio, video and all other material ("Material"), are protected by
copyright under both United States and foreign laws, and are owned or controlled by the Company or by
third parties that have licensed their Material to the Company. Unauthorized use of the Material may
violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary
notices contained in the original Material on any copy you make of the Material. You may not sell or
modify the Material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the
Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use of the Material on any other Web
site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited, without the express
written permission of the Company. The trademarks, logos and service marks (the "Marks") displayed on
the Web Site are owned by the Company. You are prohibited from use of those Marks without the
express, written permission of the Company or such third party. If you would like information about
obtaining the Company's permission to use the Material on your Web site, please fill out this form.
If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use the Material automatically terminates and
you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the Material.
Section 2. Company's Liability
The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. The Company makes no representations
about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Material or about the results to
be obtained from using the Web Site and the Material. You expressly agree that any use of the Web
Site and the Material is solely at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to the Web Site and
may be made at any time. Some Material on the Web Site is provided and maintained by third parties.
You expressly agree that the Company is not liable or responsible for any defamatory, offensive or
illegal conduct of other subscribers or third parties.
THE COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THIS WEB SITE OR ITS
SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL GOODS. IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE
MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, THE COMPANY IS NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE WEB SITE AND MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' BASIS WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW,
DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF PROPRIETARY
OR THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE COMPANY AND ITS
SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE
MATERIAL, SERVICES, SOFTWARE TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
Section 3. Disclaimer of Certain Damages
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST
PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR
INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE AND THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY
OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Section 4. Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical
error or error in pricing or product information received from our suppliers, we shall have the right
to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. We shall have the right
to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged.
If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we shall
immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
Section 5. User Submissions
Generally, any communication which you post to the Web Site is considered to be non-confidential. If
particular Web pages permit the submission of communications which will be treated by the Company as
confidential, that fact will be stated on those pages.
1. The Company further reserves the right at all times to preserve any Content or to disclose any
Content as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request or any good faith belief
that such preservation or disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce these
Terms; (c) respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or (d) protect
the rights, property, or personal safety of the Company, its users and the public.
2. You understand that by using the Web Site you may be exposed to Content that is offensive,
indecent or objectionable. Under no circumstances will the Company be liable in any way for any
Content, including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any Content, or for any loss
or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed or otherwise
transmitted via the Web Site.
3. It is a condition of your access and use of this Web Site that you do not: Restrict or inhibit any
other user from using and enjoying this Site; Harm minors in any way; Impersonate any person or entity,
including, but not limited to, an employee or representative of the Company, or falsely state or
otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; Forge headers or otherwise manipulate
identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any Content transmitted by means of this WebSite; Upload,
post, email or otherwise distribute, publish or transmit on this Web Site any Content that you do not
have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as
inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of
employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); Upload, post, email or otherwise distribute,
publish or transmit on this Web Site any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, invasive
of another's privacy, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane or indecent
information of any kind, including without limitation any transmission constituting or encouraging
conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate
any local, state, national or foreign law; Upload, post, email or otherwise distribute, publish or transmit
on this Web Site any information, software or other material which violates or infringes upon the
rights of others, including material which is an invasion of privacy or publicity rights or which is
protected by patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right, or derivative
works with respect thereto, without first obtaining permission from the owner or right holder; Upload,
post, email or otherwise distribute, publish or transmit on this Web Site any information, software
or other material which contains a virus or any other computer code, files or programs designed to
interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or
telecommunications equipment, or any other harmful component; or Upload, post, email or otherwise
distribute, publish or transmit on this Web Site or in any way exploit any information, software or
other material for commercial purposes or which contains any form of solicitation (including, but not
limited to, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," and "pyramid schemes"), advertising, promotion or
marketing for goods or services; Interfere with or disrupt the Web Site or servers or networks serving
the Web Site, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected
to the Web Site; Intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or
international law, including, but not limited to, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, including, without
limitation, the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ, and any
regulations having the force of law; "Stalk" or otherwise harass another; or Collect or store
personal data about other users.
4. By posting or submitting any materials (including but not limited to any jokes, creative material,
remarks, ideas, graphics, photos, comments, product concepts, advertising concepts or ideas, and
suggestions for improving or changing existing content) to this Site, you automatically grant (or
warrant that the owner of such rights has expressly granted) to the Company a nonexclusive right to
use, modify, publish, edit, translate, perform, display and distribute such materials.
5. You warrant that any materials you upload, post, email or otherwise distribute, publish or
transmit on this Web Site contains nothing that will give rise to civil liability or otherwise
violate any local, state, national or foreign law, including nothing that is harmful, threatening,
abusive, harassing, invasive of another's privacy or publicity rights, defamatory, obscene, vulgar,
pornographic, profane or indecent, or that constitutes an infringement of anyone's patent, copyright,
trademark, trade secret or other proprietary right, or derivative rights with respect thereto.
The Company reserves the right to expel Users and prevent their further access to the Web Site for
violating this Agreement or the law and the right to remove communications which are abusive,
illegal, or disruptive.
Section 6. Links to Other Sites
The Web Site contains links to third party web sites that are maintained by others. These links are
provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by the Company of the contents on
such third-party Web sites. The Company is not responsible for the content of linked third-party
sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such
third-party Web sites. If you decide to access linked third-party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Section 7. Licenses
All software that is made available for downloading from the Web Site ("Software") is protected by
copyright and may be protected by other rights. The use of such software is governed by the terms of
the software license agreement or designated "Legal Notice" accompanying such software ("License
Agreement"). The downloading and use of such software is conditioned on agreement to be bound by the
terms of the License Agreement.
Subject to the foregoing paragraph or as otherwise expressly provided, nothing within the Web Site
shall be construed as conferring any license under any of the Company's or any third party's
intellectual property rights, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise.
Section 8. Limitation of Liability
Your use of the Web Site is at your own risk. If you are dissatisfied with any of the Materials or
other contents of the Web Site or with these Terms and Conditions, your sole remedy is to discontinue
use of the Web Site.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE COMPANY BE LIABLE TO ANY USER ON ACCOUNT OF THAT USER'S USE OF THE
WEB SITE. SUCH LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL APPLY TO PREVENT RECOVERY OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGES
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL AND EXEMPLARY
DAMAGES ARISING FROM ANY USE OF THE WEB SITE, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES THAT MAY BE INCURRED BY THIRD PARTIES.
Section 9. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its officers, directors, employees and
agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable
legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Material (including Software)
or your breach of the terms of this Agreement. The Company shall provide notice to you promptly of
any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such
claim, suit or proceeding.
Section 10. Export Control
The United States controls the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such
restrictions and not to export or re-export the Materials (including Software) to countries or
persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Materials (including Software),
you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited and that you are not
on the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders or the U.S Treasury Department's list of
Specially Designated Nationals. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local
jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Product.
Section 11. User Information
The Company may use the information it obtains relating to you, including your IP address, name,
email address, mailing address and use of the Web Site, for its internal business and marketing
purposes unless you request that the information not be used.
Section 12. Minors
This Web Site contains material that may not be appropriate for children. If there is a concern by
parents that children may visit this site, the Company recommends using a parental control software
package. Some sample parental software packages include: Net Nanny, Cyber Patrol and Cybersitter.
Please be advised that the Company does not endorse any one parental software package. While no
parental software package replaces careful supervision of Internet use by children, these tools can
be a useful addition to your suite of Internet applications.
Section 13. General
The Company makes no claims the Materials are appropriate for any particular purpose or audience, or
that they may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Materials (including
Software) may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Web Site
from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with
the laws of your jurisdiction.
This Web Site is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota. All legal issues arising from or related to the use
of the Web Site shall be construed in accordance with and determined by the laws of the State of Minnesota
applicable to contracts entered into and performed within the State of Minnesota without respect to
its conflict of laws principles. By using this Web Site, you agree that the exclusive forum for any
claims or causes of action arising out of your use of this Web Site is the United States District
Court in Minneapolis. You hereby irrevocably waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any
objection which you may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding
brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum.
If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction,
the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this
Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall
be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided
in a particular "Legal Notice" for Software or material on particular web pages, this Agreement
constitutes the entire Agreement between you and the Company with respect to the use of Web Site.
Privacy Policy
Northern Sun Privacy Policy
Join Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Size Info
Returns
About Us
Link to Us
Sitemap
Terms/Privacy
Text Only
See Northern Sun categories of
T-Shirts,
Stickers,
Buttons,
Magnets,
Posters,
Car Plaques-Emblems,
Note Cards,
Calendars,
Flags-Banners,
Music-Instruments,
Toys-Novelty,
and topics that include
Evolution-Darwin,
Diversity,
Education,
Science,
Environment,
Womens Issues,
Funny.
Gay-Lesbian,
Imports,
Politics-Peace,
Religion-Spirituality.