https://www.elainesmith.com/privacy-policy/
x
Login
Please enter your e-mail and password to sign in to your account
Login
Remember me
Forgot your password?
Register
Benefits of Creating a Trade Account:
Order Online
View Pricing
View Catalog
Order Fabric Swatches
Receive New Product Alerts
Save and Share Your Favorite Items
Register Now
Forgot Your Password?
X
Please enter your email address below.You will receive a link to reset your password.
Send
x
Search
Search
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Share
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Elaine Smith we respect your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to ElaineSmith.com, you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences.
Collection of Information
We may ask you to register or to provide personal information and preferences when you visit certain areas of ElaineSmith.com, request information, or subscribe to our newsletter. This includes name, business name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, payment card and billing information in order to process your purchase, confirm your order and ship items to you. In addition, we may collect your IP address and use cookies unless you configure your web browser not to accept them. Cookies allow us to determine if you are a prior customer or user and allow us to provide a more customized experience on our site.
Use of Collected Information
When you provide Elaine Smith with your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, and you do not 'opt out,' Elaine Smith representatives and affiliates may use the provided information to alert you to new products, special offers, and other Elaine Smith information. Representatives and affiliates may include our in-house staff and authorized sales representatives. Beyond its representatives and affiliates, Elaine Smith does not offer or allow the selling of any user-provided information to third parties other than as necessary to fulfill your request, such as shipping orders.
Security
Elaine Smith regards your personal information as strictly for the purpose of communications between you, our company, and our affiliates. We will guard the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide on ElaineSmith.com are always tailored to your current, designated preferences. Wherever we collect sensitive information such as credit card data, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put into place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to be bound by the terms of this privacy policy. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still visit most the ElaineSmith.com web pages. However, you will not have access to areas that require a login. Every online account with ElaineSmith.com will be subject to the terms and conditions applicable to those accounts.
Updates
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. Any and all updates will be posted on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or this site, please contact us by:
Calling us at: (561) 863-3333 Or by email at: customerservice@elainesmith.com © Elaine Smith Inc. 2020
© 2020 Elaine Smith
Follow Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Map
FAQ