http://www.mauimedicinal.com/pages/termsandconditions
Home
Terms and Conditions | Shipping | Tax | Privacy | Returns | Disclaimer
Terms and Conditions
Grower and Distributor *No Walk In Store
If you are on Maui looking for our products, check out our STORE LOCATOR.
SHIPPING POLICIES
Shipping within the USUSPS (Air Mail) SHIPPING & Handling on orders under $50.00 is $5.75USPS (Air Mail) SHIPPING with $50 MINIMUM ORDER is FREE.*Costs include shipping & handling and delivery confirmation.For rates on Express Mail, FedEx or United Parcel Service please call or e-mail.
Shipping within HawaiiUSPS Shipping and Handling on all orders under $50.00 is $5.75USPS (Air Mail) SHIPPING with $50 MINIMUM ORDER is FREE.*Costs include shipping & handling and delivery confirmation.For rates on Express Mail, FedEx or United Parcel Service please call or e-mail.
International ShippingThe shipping cost that appears on site is not actual & will be adjusted down on our end and will reflect:*CALCULATED USPS COST AND ADDED AFTER ORDER IS PLACED*Cost plus $4.00Orders shipped outside the United States are charged a $4.00 handling fee, plus the cost for USPS Air Mail.The actual charges are issued upon shipping the freight.We do not accept COD payment on foreign orders.RE:CUSTOMSCustoms charges are the responsibility of the person ordering. If an order is denied delivery because of Customs regulations, the person ordering is charged the freight charges for returned orders also. *We suggest you check with customs prior to ordering to make sure what your ordering can pass thru Customs.
TAX POLICY
*Hawaii General Excise Tax of .005 will be added to all orders*Example: $10 order + .05 cents tax. = $10.05
PRIVACY POLICY
We respect your privacy. Any and all information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, disclosed to third parties or reused without your permission. Any information you give to us will be held with care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
RETURN POLICY
Return shipping will be paid at customers cost. We will provide full refund for product only.
DISCLAIMER / LEGAL INFORMATION
Information on this website is based on research from the internet, books, articles and studies and/or companies selling herbs online. Statements in this website have not necessarily been evaluated and should not be considered as medical advice. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any illness or disease for diagnosis or treatment consult your physician.
This information is meant to supplement, not replace advice from your doctor or healthcare provider and is not meant to cover all possible uses, precautions, interactions or adverse effects. This information may not fit your specific health circumstances. Never delay or disregard seeking professional medical advice from your doctor or other qualified health care provider because of something you have read on mauimedicinal. You should always speak with your doctor or health care professional before you start, stop, or change any prescribed part of your health care plan or treatment and to determine what course of therapy is right for you.
Use herbs in moderation and watch for allergic reactions.
If you are taking any other medication, are suffering from a medical condition and/or are at all concerned about any of the advice or ingredients consult your doctor before taking the herbs.
If you are pregnant, breast feeding or have/had breast cancer do not take any of the herbs (as many affect hormone balance, uterine contractions and are estrogenic).
Remember that diet, exercise and relaxation are equally important to your health.
We can't repeat this enough, speak with a trained herbalist or your medical practitioner for diagnosis or treatment or before adding herbs to your diet.
**The statements on our website have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
**NOTE The use of these herbal products should not be taken lightly. It is extremely important to consult a physician, especially if you are presently taking any prescribed medications, due to drug interactions.
**Do not use these herbs if pregnant or nursing.
Collections
Anti-Inflammatory Herbs
Apparel
Ashwagandha
Digestive Enzymes
Echinacea
Feverfew
Ginger Root
Ginkgo
Goldenseal Root
Gotu Kola
GREEN PAPAYA
Green Tea
Hawaiian Chai
Hawaiian Coffee
Hawaiian Kava
Herbal Combos
Immune System Boosters
Kukui Nut Oil
Mamaki TEA
Milk Thistle
Moringa
Neem
Noni
Passion Flower
Saw Palmetto
Shiso
Sour Sop Leaf
Stress Relief and Improve Sleep
Turmeric
Valerian
Product Types
Body Oils
Capsules
Coffee
Extract
Herbal Tea
Loose Herbs
Powder
Shirt
Best Sellers
Mauimedicinal On Instagram
mauimedicinalherbs@gmail.com
1 (800) 936-6532 (1-800-WENOKEA)
Copyright © 2020
Mauimedicinal All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap
IT'S IN THE CART
X
View Cart Continue Shopping