http://www.arthurprice.com/terms
Cutlery
Categories
Arthur Price of England
Titanic Luxury Cutlery
Arthur Price Signature
Arthur Price Everyday Classics
Vintage
Special Offers
Cabinets and Care
Luxury Cutlery Cabinets
Silver Care
Collections
Clive Christian
Sophie Conran
Monsoon
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
For The Home
Categories
For The Table
Collections
Sophie Conran Tableware
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
Gifts
Arthur Price
Arthur Price of England – Drink Accessories
Arthur Price of England – Home
General
Cherish Frames
Sophie Conran Gifts
Silverware Cleaning Products
Wine & Drink Accessories
Gift Vouchers
Wedding Gift Guide
Children's Corner
For Children
Childrens Gifts
Cherish Me
Bambino
Christmas gifts
Festive Mugs
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
About Us
Company
Family Tree
Collaborations
Timeline
The Cutler’s Tale
How it all began
Family Values
Arthur Bear
Stockists
Information
Care and Guarantee
From sophisticated silverware to stunning stainless steel, this premium collection is the ultimate in stylish living.
- View the range
Hotel Services
Blog
Special Offers
Sample Service
Gift Vouchers
During the Coronavirus crisis, we have a smaller team to process orders so you may experience a slight delay of a few days on your order being sent out. Last date for Christmas deliveries will be Thursday 17th December. Stay safe.
Terms and conditions
Trading Details and Registered Address
Arthur Price & Co Limited
Britannia Way
Lichfield
Staffordshire
WS14 9UY
Phone Number: 01543 257775
Fax Number: 01543 414488
Company Registered Number: 75016
Payment
We would always prefer to be paid by Debit or Credit Card. We accept all major cards EXCEPT American Express and Diners Card. Paying by Debit or Credit Card will also mean that you receive your order more quickly. We will accept cheques, made payable to Arthur Price, although we will always wait for the cheque to clear through our bank before dispatching any goods.
Delivery Cost
We have a very attractive postage and packing offering that makes buying online great value. For United Kingdom Mainland and Northern Ireland orders, delivery will be completely free of charge. Orders from abroad will be costed on a case-by-case basis.
Speed of Delivery
We always aim to dispatch goods on the next working day after you have placed your order, provided we have all the items that you have ordered in stock.COVID-19During the Coronavirus crisis, we have a smaller team to process orders so you may experience a slight delay of a few days on your order being sent out. We will endeavour to get these to you as soon as possible. Stay safe.
Prices
Prices shown on the website are current retail prices and are therefore inclusive of VAT at 20%, but exclude the cost of delivery and insurance, which will be added to the price of your order. We always endeavour to keep the cost of delivery and insurance as low as possible.
Our prices are as stated on the site at the time you place your order. If, due to an error or omission, the price published is wrong, Arthur Price & Co Limited will advise you of the correct price and allow you to change or cancel your order.
Social Media Competition Terms and Conditions
No purchase necessary. We are giving six individuals the chance to each receive one set of four boxed festive mugs in our ‘Arthur Price’s Christmas Giveaway’ competition.
More detail on entry requirements is within each competition entry post on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram – entry requirements vary per platform. There is no cash alternative. The prize is not transferable. The competition is not open to any employees of Arthur Price or their direct family members including mother, father, sibling, child, grandparent, or partner. Only one entry per person. You can enter the competition via Facebook, Twitter or Instagram, and there will be two winners selected from each platform, with a total of six winners overall. The winners will be selected at random from all eligible entries on these platforms. The winners will be notified on social media within fourteen working days of the closing date. The winners’ names and winning entries will be used in post-promotional publicity. All competition entries may be used in the post-promotional activity. This competition is open to residents of the United Kingdom only. This competition is in no way associated with, or endorsed by Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. The promoter’s decision is final.
Entries close at midnight on 29/11/2020.
Sample Service Terms and Conditions
Purchase is stock dependant, there is one sample set order permitted per customer. If multiple transactions are received, Arthur Price have the right to renounce all additional purchases.
Handle with Care Terms and Conditions
Purchase is stock dependant, the promotion is only valid on full 24+ piece, full-price sets and the customer is asked that they give their existing cutlery set to someone else first.
Free Gift With Purchase Terms and Conditions
The free gift on offer is open to change periodically, and Arthur Price have the right to withdraw this promotion at any time. The free gift is applicable on all purchases over the value of £20. The free gift is not transferable and is subject to stock limitations.
Our ‘easy to do business with’ Returns Policy
If you change your mind for whatever reason about the items you have purchased, we will happily refund the cost of your purchase. Please try to ensure that the items are returned with their original packaging, and that we have been advised within 7 working days of you receiving them.
To return your purchase, simply place the item(s) in its original packaging, including the packing note, and follow these three steps:
Contact us on 01543 257775 between 9am and 5pm to let us know about the items you wish to return.
Re-address the package to, ensuring that you have crossed out the original delivery details:
Kevin FlintArthur Price & Co. LimitedBritannia WayLichfieldStaffordshireWS14 9UY
We can’t be held responsible for parcels that do not manage to get back to us. When we receive the parcel, we will check it and refund the amount of the order, plus the postage you have paid to return it to us.
Damaged Items
In the unlikely event that your items get to you in a damaged state, please advise us as soon as possible. This will enable us to go back to the carriers.
The Small Print Bit
Arthur Price & Co Limited provide this site and the products offered under certain Terms and Conditions that protect BOTH YOU AND US. By ordering any items from us, you are agreeing to the following Terms and Conditions:
We reserve the right to change any Terms and Conditions at any time.
All transactions undertaken are governed by the law in England and Wales.
Ownership of goods does not pass to you until we have received payment and dispatched the goods.
The content and creative in this website is owned under copyright of Arthur Price & Co Limited. No representation of this material may be undertaken without the prior permission from Arthur Price & Co Limited.
Arthur Price & Co Limited can’t guarantee that information provided on the website or pictures will wholly represent the items received, although every effort will be made to try to make sure that we provide the clearest pictures and descriptions possible.
Arthur Price & Co Limited are only responsible for the content of their site, and can’t be held accountable for anything as a result of a link to any 3rd party or the content of 3rd party sites.
Thank you for taking the time to read through these Terms and Conditions!
The Arthur Price Team
If you have any questions regarding the Arthur Price privacy policy, please email:enquiries@arthurprice.com