http://www.janconstantine.com/privacy-policy/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Your bag has been updated
Free UK Delivery with orders of £50 and over
10% off your first order if you sign up for our emails
Orderline 01270 821194 Mon to Fri 9-5
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Jan Constantine Privacy Policy
Jan Constantine Limited gathers and processes your personal data in accordance with this privacy notice and in compliance with the relevant data protection regulation and law. This notice provides you with the necessary information regarding your rights and obligations, and explains how, why and when we collect and process your personal data.
Who we are
Jan Constantine Limited’s registered office is at Jan Constantine Limited, Ravenscroft House, Betley, Cheshire. CW3 9BJ. We are a company registered in England and Wales under company number 0502 1602. We are registered on the Data Protection Commissioner's Register of Data Controllers under registration number (awaiting number), and act as the data controller.
What information do we collect about you?
We process your personal data to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services.
The personal data we collect is as follows:
Your on-site browsing behaviour, including the pages you have viewed, IP address and browser details etc.
Your name, email, telephone and preferences.
Your organisation details, if provided.
Your addresses, payment details and any other data you provide as required for processing your orders and returns.
Communication between us, including emails and telephone calls.
Any other data collection is detailed at the point it is collected in a separate notice.
How do we collect information about you?
We collect data from you in the following ways:
The data you enter in to online forms on our websites.
Your browsing behaviour on our websites.
When you contact us, for example over email or telephone.
How will we use the information about you?
Our processing activities are:
Tracking and analysing your browsing behaviour on our website for our own performance purposes.
Sharing your onsite behaviour with third parties for marketing purposes.
Fulfilling your orders, including placing them, taking payment, dispatching them and dealing with any returns.
Responding to customer services requests via email or telephone.
Analysis of data for reporting, forecasting and site performance.
Sharing and disclosing your personal data
We do not share or disclose any of your personal data to third parties without your consent, other than for the purposes specified in this notice or where there is a legal requirement.
Onsite browsing and marketing controllers
As is normal for the ecommerce industry, we share your browsing data with some third party marketing organisations, primarily through Javascript tracking code. Those organisations become the controllers of that data, so if you opt-out of any further tracking on our site you would need to contact those organisations directly to exercise your other data rights. These data transfers are in Jan legitimate interest.
Facebook
We use Facebook to advertise to you on their platform.
You can opt out of the tracking and data transfers by contacting us.
Google Adwords
We run advertising campaigns via the Google platform.
You can opt out of the tracking and data transfers by contacting us.
Pinterest
We advertise on Pinterest.
You can opt out of the tracking and data transfers by contacting us.
Order fulfillment controllers
We share your personal data with some other organisations as part of the order fulfillment process. This data processing is part of your contract with us when you place an order.
These companies are joint controllers with Jan Constantine of your customer data, so you will need to contact them directly to exercise your data rights. Our order fulfillment partners are:
Apple Pay provide us with payment processing and fraud analysis.
DPD provide us with courier services.
MailChimp provide us with email marketing campaigns.
PayPal provide us with payment processing and fraud analysis.
WorldPayprovide us with payment processing and fraud analysis.
Other controllers
Feefo
Feefo provide review and market research services. When placing an order, we may send your details to Feefo, who will then email you to request a review of our products. This transfer is done in Jan Constantine’s legitimate interest to perform market research about our products and services.
You can opt out by contacting us.
You will need to contact Feefo directly to exercise your data rights, as they are acting as a data controller and we do not control how they process your data.
Our data processors
Marketing, promotions and offers
We will only send you email marketing communications if you have opted in to receive them. You have the right to opt-out at any time, please contact us.
How long will we keep your data for?
The data you can manage from your My Account area will be stored until you remove it, for example your details and saved addresses.
Data about your orders and communications with us will be held indefinitely as we need a legal record of these.
You may also delete your account which removes most of the data we hold about you by contacting us
Securing your data
We take your privacy and data security seriously and we take every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place.
Your rights
You have many rights around the use of your personal data. We are implementing them in the following ways:
Right to be informed
Your right to be informed about how we use personal data is contained within this notice, including:
The purposes for which we process your data.
The categories of personal data we hold about you.
The recipients to whom your personal data has/will be disclosed.
How long we intend to store your personal data for.
If we did not collect the data directly from you, information about its source.
Right of access
You have the right to request the personal data which we hold about you by contacting us.
Right to rectification
You can rectify most data from within your My Account area. If there is any other data which you want to be rectified, please contact us.
Right to erasure
You have the right to request that we delete the personal data we hold about you by contacting us.
There is some data which we do not delete:
Your name and email, which we use to store the deletion request.
Your order data, which we require for reporting and tax purposes. However, we will stop using your personal data for marketing profiling.
Your communications with us.
If you have placed orders as a guest only, you must create an account for us to be able to verify your identity before we can process your request.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to restrict our data processing, which you may do by contacting us.
Right to object
You have the right to object to our data processing, to do this, please contact us.
Changes to our privacy notice
Any changes to this notice will be posted onto this page. If the changes are significant we may display a notice or seek your consent.
How to contact us or lodge a complaint
You may contact us to lodge a complaint.
×
See our products in