https://www.storehouserock.com/store/policies.html
FREE SHIPPING on all orders to the Continental US!
Need Help? Call 1-877-237-2253
Multimedia Storage Racks
Revolving CD/DVD Racks
Metal CD/DVD Racks
Floor CD/DVD Racks
Wall Mounted CD/DVD Racks
Desktop Media Storage
CD/DVD Cabinets
Solid Wood Storage
TV Stands
TV Cabinets
TV Stands
Corner TV Stands
Fireplace TV Stands
TV Lift Cabinets
Audio Racks & Speaker Stands
Home Office
Multimedia Office Storage
Home Office Furniture
Portable CD/DVD Cases
Clearance and Sale
Shop Our Brands
Atlantic, Inc
Holly & Martin
Leslie Dame Enterprises
OFFI
Prepac
RacksnCabinets
Russ Bassett
SEI
Slappa
The Wood Shed
Touchstone
Transdeco
TV Lift Cabinet
Home>Policies Policies
About Us
Contact Us
How To Place An Order
Order Status/Tracking
Receipt
View Shopping Cart
Warranties
Temporarily Out of Stock or Discontinued
Privacy Policy
Safe & Secure Shopping
Security
Damaged Products
Delivery Times
Order Cancellation
Replacement Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Info
About Us
Storehouserock, prides itself in "exceptional customer service" to you, our customer. We offer the widest and most innovative selection of CD, DVD, Album, Video & Audio cassette tape storage at great prices.
At Storehouserock you'll not only find that desktop CD holder unit, but also that distinctive CD cabinet built exclusively for music lovers of discerning taste.
We stand behind our products and service.Our goal: to make your shopping experience with Storehouserock -- easy and enjoyable.
Who We Are: Our management team has combined retail experience of over 50 years in North America with some of the largest offline retailers in U.S. and Canada. We have brought our collective knowledge and relationships together to form Store House Rock a division of Direct To You Storage Systems, Inc.
We have been in business since 2001 and represent over 20 manufacturers/distributors located in U.S. and Canada and are expanding continuously to offer our Internet customers products unique in design and functionality.
Our call center is located in Niagara and your call will be assigned a personal sales associate who will handle your transaction or inquiry from start to finish.
We are partnered with the following companies:
Harris Trust & Savings Bank-Chicago, Illinois; Lexiconn - Colchester, CT; Comodo Group - Jersey City, NJ; Shopsite-Orem, UT; Authorize.Net - American Fork, UT; Chase Paymentech - Dallas, TX
Store House Rock is an "accredited business member" of the Better Business Bureau since 2003 with an excellent record.
Through the Comodo Group Store House Rock has undergone and passed their rigorous EV SSL authentication process.
StoreHouseRock.com is tested daily using Comodo HackerProof Service.
Customer Service:
Contact Us
Phone Toll Free: 1-877-237-2253
1-877-237-2253
Email:
General Inquiries: customercare@storehouserock.com
Mail:
Store House Rock
1623 Military Rd. # 179
Niagara Falls, NY 14304
(Please note: This address is not to be used for returns, please contact us for further information.)
How to place an order
Online:
www.storehouserock.com
All transactions on this website are in U.S. currency.
Secure checkout:
StoreHouseRock.com has gone to great lengths to ensure your transaction and personal information is safe and secure. (Check out our section on Safe and Secure shopping.)
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express.
Payment may also be made via Paypal or Checkout by Amazon.
Phone:
Toll free 1-877-237-2253
Your call will be assigned to a personal sales associate who will handle your transaction from start to finish.
Should you have any questions after placing your order you can call back or email your assigned personal associate.
We are there to service your needs and provide exceptional customer service.
Mail:
For purchase orders, checks, certified checks, or money orders call our Toll Free number: 1-877-237-2253
OR
Email: customercare@storehouserock.com
Checks, certified checks or money orders:
We will take all your information, give you our information where to send payment and assign you an order number.
Item will not be shipped until payment is received and cleared.
Purchase orders:
We will take all your Company information, give you our information as to where to fax your purchase order and assign you an order number.
Order will be processed as soon as we receive your signed purchase order.
Prices quoted in US dollars.
Your credit card will be charged when you place your order. Should an item be backordered we will notify you as soon as the manufacturer advises us.
When you shop and purchase from StoreHouseRock.com you have reviewed and accepted our conditions, shipping and return policies as outlined on our website.
You will receive a confirmation of your order through our shopping cart shortly after placing your order.
Should you checkout via Paypal or Checkout by Amazon you will also receive a confirmation through them. If you did not receive a confirmation please check your spam folder or contact us.
Please read them carefully.
Should you have any questions prior to placing your order call our Toll Free number: 1-877-237-2253 OR Email: customercare@storehouserock.com
Order Status/Tracking
Your tracking number will be emailed to you.
You can enter your tracking number on that couriers website to track your order.
UPS www.ups.com         Phone: 1-800-742-5877
DHL www.dhl.com         Phone: 1-800-225-5345 (U.S. customers only)
FedEx www.fedex.com         Phone: 1-800-463-3339
Should your order ship via common carrier or specialty carrier we will email you contact information.
When:
We receive tracking numbers from the manufacturer usually within 2 to 5 business days after you have placed your order.
Your item may have already shipped although we might as of yet not received the tracking number. Again, we do our utmost to email tracking numbers to you.
If after the 5 business days you have not received a tracking number feel free to email or call us. Please also check your spam folder should the email have gone in to spam.
Tracking number shows no movement:
You recently placed your order and key in your tracking number on the courier website:
If, the status does not show any movement, this could mean a tracking number has been assigned to your shipment although the courier has not yet updated their status.
Check back within 48 hours.
Should there be no movement at that point call our toll free number or email us.
OR
Some manufacturers do not location scan all of their shipments.
They may ship orders in bulk and not individually.
This means the first time a package may be scanned is upon arrival at your regional hub or the day it is scheduled for delivery.
If you don¡¦t see any tracking movement after the estimated processing and shipping times please do not be concerned.
Just give us a call and we will follow up for you.
Tracking information shows item delivered:
Packages occasionally may be placed somewhere relatively safe such as your garage or porch, please check your front and backyard area.
You might also check with your neighbour or building manager.
Tracking information shows item being returned:
Failed attempted delivery: The courier will make three attempts, at which point the package would be returned to the manufacturer.
If this occurs you will be responsible for the shipping charges there and back and the manufacturers restocking fee. Please call or email us as soon as possible.
Incorrect address: Please confirm you have submitted your address to us with the complete and proper information. If you have entered an incorrect street address, zip code or left off your apartment number your package may be returned to the manufacturer.
If returned and it was the customer error you will be responsible for shipping charges there and back and the manufacturers restocking fee.
If the error was on our part or the manufacturers part the address information will be corrected and the item shipped to you with no additional costs.
Undeliverable due to damage: Should the package arrive damaged you must still accept receipt, inspect and advise us of what parts are damaged.
We will contact the manufacturer to have the damaged parts or item replaced at no charge to you.
If you have refused the package as the outside packaging looked damaged you will be required to pay the shipping charges there and back as well as the manufacturers restocking fee. There have been times when a package is returned; the box looks ripped and damaged although the contents were still in tact.
*If you are sending a gift you might want to let the receiver be aware a package will be delivered so they will not refuse delivery.
If the courier has decided to return the item without the customer being advised please email or call us as soon as possible.
We will contact the manufacturer for further details and a replacement will be shipped to you at no charge.
Receipt
When you process your order and provide us with an email address you will automatically receive a copy of your receipt.
At times your emailed receipt might end up in your spam folder.
Should you not receive your receipt within 24 hours of placing your order please email us and we will forward a copy. If you do not have an email address you can provide us with a fax number to receive your copy.
View Shopping Cart
Please make sure you have entered all your information correctly otherwise this may delay your order.
You will receive an emailed confirmation of your order.
Should any information be incorrect please call us immediately.
If you reach us after hours please leave a message with your correction(s).
Feel free to call our toll free number should you have any questions 1-877-237-2253 if you are receiving an error message or having other difficulties completing your order.
Shopping Cart page troubleshooting:
Unsure if your order went through?
Sometimes an order will be successfully submitted even if you get an error message on the last step. Do not resubmit your order or you may be charged twice.
Call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253 or send us an email customercare@storehouserock.com
When you attempt to checkout your browser closes.
Certain software plug-ins to your web browser can cause the browser to close or have other failures when you attempt to proceed to the checkout. Example, customers who use Internet Explorer version 6 or 7 and have RealPlayer version 6.0.12.1040 installed on their computer will experience this problem due to a security flaw in that version of RealPlayer. To fix this problem, just update the RealPlayer version installed on your computer within the RealPlayer application, go to Help--About RealPlayer and click the Check For Update button.
Payment page (after the submit order page), gives you an error message.
Confirm you have selected the correct credit card type, expiration date from the drop down box and entered your
CVV2 number correctly.
Confirm you entered your credit card number correctly without any spaces or dashes.
If you are using a new or recently reissued credit card, please be sure you have activated the new card before entering it into the order form.
If you have recently moved the bank may have not updated your bill to address in their banking system. (Sometimes the bank will advise you they have made the change although it may take their system up to two months to update).
Re-submit your order with your old address in the "bill to" section and ensure your new address is in the "ship to" section.
If you are still having difficulties call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253 or send an email to: customercare@storehouserock.com
Page does not update or loops back.
If the form does not update when you make changes or you are being looped back to the same page on your order form, it may be your web browser is storing or (caching) an old copy of the page.
If you hold down the shift key on your keyboard and simultaneously click on the reload or refresh button on your browser you can force your browser to update the page.
System Error.
This may happen occasionally for a brief moment.
Please wait a while and try again.
Refresh the page.
Click the stop button at the top of your browser and then click refresh or reload; this may solve the problem if your page is loading only halfway or takes a very long time to load.
Clear your cache.
Some web browsers may temporarily store a copy of every page you visit.
By clearing your cache this deletes those files and makes room for new ones.
Do to this go to the "cache" or "temporary internet files" option on your browser.
If you are still having difficulties call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253 or send an email to: customercare@storehouserock.com
Warranties
Warranties:
Products on StoreHouseRock.com are backed by the various manufacturers warranty.
The information is available on the same page as the product description.
For any further information feel free to call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253 or send an email to: customercare@storehouserock.com
Helpful Information:
Temporarily Out of Stock or Discontinued
From time to time when we place an order with our manufacturer we may be notified they have run out of stock or the item has been discontinued.
Most of our manufacturers keep an up to date inventory list, unfortunately at times there are unforeseen circumstances.
We would notify you by email or phone call as quickly as possible to advise your options. For items temporarily out of stock your order can be put in queue to assure you will receive the item when their shipment arrives, or we can assist you in finding a similar product. If we advise you of a date as to when the manufacturer expects the item to arrive, please note this is an approximate date.
The item may ship sooner than expected or they may be delayed beyond our control. Some shipments arrive from overseas.
The manufacturer does not have control over delayed shipments or customs hold ups. If an item is discontinued a refund will be issued.
Security & Privacy:
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement: We respect your privacy!
We will not under any circumstances share or release any information about you, our customer to anyone.
Privacy is of great importance on the Internet and technology is constantly changing. We at Store House Rock change along with it and are constantly on guard against piracy. StoreHouseRock.com implement whatever measures are required to give you the most secure experience. We reserve the right to change this policy, and to apply any changes to information previously collected, as permitted by law.
Please read our "Safe & Secure Shopping" section below "Privacy Policies".
Emails:
All email addresses and other information is used to process and confirm your order. We do not make our email lists available to other companies. Your email address is used to confirm your order and email you a tracking number once the order ships.
Should any problems arise during your order process we would also contact you.
If you have checked the Add me to your E-mailing list we will keep you informed of any and promotions or updates.
We do not ask you for any personal or information when we send you promotions or updates.
Should you wish to unsubscribe to our email list please email us at customercare@storehouserock.com and request to be unsubscribed.
Your credit card number and personal information are transmitted in an encrypted form (see "Safe & Secure Shopping" section below).
We collect general information for internal use as you browse our site to help us diagnose problems with our server and administer our website. For internal marketing purposes other information we may collect which includes but is not limited to; items browsed and pages visited, IP addresses and cookie information.
Cookies are not used to store sensitive information like name, address or credit card numbers.
No unauthorized parties will be allowed access your personal information and we will not sell or otherwise knowingly make your information available to anyone outside our organization, unless required to do so by law.
Any changes to our Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, will be updated on our website.
To improve our services we may from time to time request some of our customers to complete a voluntary survey. Survey answers are confidential, so that we may assist in offering you an array of products and promotions to suit your needs. To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to our website if you elect to be on our mailing list.
Should you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please send us an email at customercare@storehouserock.com or call our Toll Free number 1-877-237-2253.
Safe & Secure Shopping
Is my personal information safe during transmission? YES!
StoreHouseRock.com is secured with a Comodo Extended Validation (EV) SSL certificate to encrypt and protect your data when interfacing with our application. This, coupled with our fully protected and secure application servers, ensures that your data is safer than even on your own computer.
On the bottom right hand corner of our website you will see the red Comodo EV SSL Site certificate ensuring our site is authentic and secure.
The EV SSL certification delivers a new level of trust for our website visitors. Extended Validation SSL (EV SSL) Certificates build on the existing SSL certificate format, but provide an additional layer of protection in a strictly defined issuance process created to ensure that the certificate holder is who they claim to be.
Visitors to EV SSL-secured Web sites can trust that the organization that operates the site has undergone and passed the rigorous EV SSL authentication process as defined by the CA/Browser Forum
What is an EV SSL certificate?
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) is the strongest encryption standard for the Internet. It safeguards the transmission of confidential data by encrypting the information you send to our server. Any information that you provide when you register is securely encrypted and cannot be intercepted on its passage through the Internet. Extended Validation SSL is the next generation of SSL Certificate. EV SSL Certificates were designed to combat the emerging ingenious and organized methods of online fraud such as "phishing" attacks.
Internet users thus will be able to trust that particular Web sites are what they claim to be, rather than fraudulent mirror sites operated by perpetrators of phishing schemes.
The stringent verification processes developed by the Certification Authority/Browser Forum (founded by Comodo in 2006), provides extra assurance of the SSL Certificate-holder's authenticity, making Extended Validation SSL Certificates essential for any online business and critical for Companies such as StoreHouseRock.com, who are committed to earning your trust.
Some of the key verification requirements for EV SSL Certificates include:
Legal status as a company created by government filing
Registration number of incorporation
Place of business is in same jurisdiction (e.g. country) as place of business registration
Organization name
Business name
Full address and main phone number of place of business
When visiting an SSL secured website using the latest Web Browsers such Internet Explorer 7 or Firefox 3, the EV SSL certificate provides a highly visible indicator that the website is a safe place to conduct online business. In addition to the already familiar "https" and gold padlock, websites using EV SSL Certificates will also display a green address bar in Windows Explorer with information about the certificate owner and SSL Certificate issuer prominently displayed.
This is the biggest advancement in SSL authentication in the past decade, and conveys our site security.
The new certificates trigger high-security browsers to turn the address bar green (on the final check out page) immediately indicating to customers that providing personal info during their transactions is safe.
Is my personal information safe after transmission? YES!
StoreHouseRock.com uses Comodo's HackerProof Daily Scanning Service.
The StoreHouseRock.com website is tested and certified daily to pass the HackerProof Vulnerability scan. An active HackerProof TrustMark as seen in the top right corner of our site only appears when StoreHouseRock.com website passes the certification requirements.
HackerProof continuously monitor our servers for vulnerabilities and ensure hackers and cyber criminals never compromise your personal information.
Over 200,000 organizations rely on Comodo to protect and certify the security and authenticity of their websites, networks and online infrastructure.
Comodo provides websites, users, vendors and customers alike with the highest level of online trust and assurance in order for you to surf and transact safely online.
ShopSite shopping cart:
ShopSite is a shopping cart software which ensures that orders taken are handled in a secure fashion by working with standard secure protocols such as SSL.
No credit card information is ever stored.
Security
We Care for Your Security
We understand that you're concerned about the security and privacy of your online transactions.
This is why we use Comodo to ensure that your valuable data, such as credit card details, are encrypted when you interact with our site.
"How do you secure my payment information?"
We employ state-of-the-art data encryption to ensure safe and secure transactions to our site.
Your computer and ours agree to transpose whatever we are sending into an unintelligible "hash" of characters, using a technology called SSL.
For example:
3048 0241 00C9 18FA CF8D EB2D EFD5 FD37 89B9 E069 EA97 FC20 5E35 F577 EE31 C4FB C6E4 4811 7D86 BC8F BAFA 362F 922B F01B 2F40 C744 2654 C0DD 2881 D673 CA2B 4003 C266 E2CD CB02 0301 0001
Without the information on your computer or ours, no one can understand our encrypted communication.
For your safety, please expect anyone who communicates confidential information with you on the Internet to use encryption, the way we do.
What is SSL?
Secure Sockets Layer, SSL, is the security technology for encrypting a link between a web server and a browser. All data passed between our web server and your browser remains private and secure.
Whenever you communicate with us on our payment pages, a small yellow padlock appears in the bottom right-hand corner of your browser as a sign that we are now engaging SSL.
(Another sign on some browsers is that when you enter the secure area of the site, the background of the address bar turns dark yellow or bright green. You'll also notice that http:// is replaced by https:// (The 's' stands for 'Secure').
"How do I know you are a real organization?"
To generate an encrypted SSL transmission, a web server requires an SSL Certificate. Checking a website's certificate is good practice that helps you avoid spoof websites, sometimes called "phishing" sites.
To check the certificate, click on the padlock.
Your browser will show you the name of the owner of the certificate.
This name should match the name of the website operator.
Our SSL certificates are issued by a leading certificate authority, Comodo CA. Comodo is Web Trust-compliant, meaning that their business practices and processes have been rigorously audited according to AICPA (American Institute of Certified Public Accountants) guidelines by an independent approved auditor (Ernst & Young).
Comodo High Assurance certificates enable a high level of encryption.
They also confirm that a company is a legally accountable organization.
To receive a High Assurance SSL Certificate from Comodo, we had to demonstrate to them that we are an existing business, along with our control over the domain you are visiting.
When you shop online, you deserve to be know who you are interacting with.
Seeing a site with a High Assurance SSL Certificate, confirms two essential factors:
That you have a secure SSL (encrypted) link with this website
That this website represents a real organization
To find out more about SSL or Comodo, please visit Instant SSL.
Damaged Products
If your item is damaged, defective or has missing parts please contact us within 5 business days from date of delivery for instructions.
Arrangements will be made to send you missing parts, replacements parts or a replacement unit, free of charge.
The manufacturer may request for you to email us photos of the damage.
Keep all packaging including packing materials or manuals.
Undeliverable due to damage: Should the package arrive damaged you must still accept receipt, inspect and advise us of what parts are damaged.
We will contact the manufacturer to have the damaged parts or item replaced at no charge to you.
If you have refused the package as the outside packaging looked damaged you will be required to pay the shipping charges there and back as well as the manufacturers restocking fee. There have been times when a package is returned; the box looks ripped and damaged although the contents were still in tact.
*If you are sending a gift you might want to let the receiver be aware a package will be delivered so they will not refuse delivery.
If the courier has decided to return the item without the customer being advised please email or call us as soon as possible.
We will contact the manufacturer for further details and a replacement will be shipped to you at no charge.
Some manufacturers prefer you contact them directly.
You can usually find the information in the product manual, which came with your order.
The manufacturer will determine as to whether they will replace the unit or ship out damaged parts.
Should the manufacturer decide to replace the unit they will make arrangements to have the damaged unit picked up.
The damaged unit will not be picked up at the same time your new unit will be delivered.
The manufacturer will issue a call tag for the pick up of the damaged unit. If you are not home when the courier attempts to pick up the item they will leave a note.
At that point you are responsible to call them to schedule a convenient pick up time.
They will make three attempts at which time if a new call tag has to be re-issued there may be a charge.
For damaged parts we will advise you as to whether the manufacturer will make arrangements to pick them up or ask you to dispose of them.
Turnaround time for replacement parts or a new unit usually takes the same amount of time to be delivered, as was your order.
Manufacturers will not expedite parts or a new unit at their expense.
If a replacement unit is shipped out it will be sent with the same shipping method and a tracking number will be emailed to you.
Email us at customercare@storehouserock.com or call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253 ask for the replacement department Ext. 22.
Please supply us with your order # and the bill to ship to information, if there is a part number or letter on the damaged piece please have the information available for us.
Missing item: If you have ordered more than one item it may be arriving from a different manufacturer and not arrive at the same time. Your order may ship in more than one box.
At times the second or third box may arrive shortly thereafter within the next couple of days.
Delivery Times
"Processing time:"
+ "Shipping time" = Total time to receive your order.*
Most items:
Processing time - Is based from the time you place your order until the time it ships.
Your order may take 2 - 5 business days (do not count weekends), to process. Once we receive your order we then forward it to our manufacturer.
Shipping time:
Products are shipped from various manufacturers distribution centers.
Shipping times may vary.
For example:
If the item is shipping from the manufacturers distribution center on the west coast and your destination address in on the west coast the delivery time will be shortened.
Shipping times may take between 3 - 10 business days.
*Total time to receive order may take between 5 - 15 business days.
*Our dates are estimates and are based on several factors. Various manufacturers may have specific turnaround times and may vary from 2 - 4 weeks. Custom orders may take 4 - 6 weeks. Please check information on specific product or call for details.
The item(s) on your order may arrive at separate times if they are shipping from different manufacturers.
Expedite an order
To expedite your order (Next Day Air, 2 Day Air, or 3 day select) there is an additional charge.
Some manufacturers/distributors do not ship expedited delivery.
Please call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253 or email customercare@storehouserock.com
for details. Provide us with the description of the item, your zip code and delivery option. We will respond to your request within 24 - 48 hours Monday - Friday.
If you have already placed your order and requested an expedited service we will contact you to advise if this manufacturer ships expedited and with the additional freight charge for your approval, prior to processing the order.
Should you choose Next Day air, 2-Day air or 3 day select shipping this does not necessarily mean your order will arrive in One, Two or Three days. This is the actual "shipping time" and not the processing time which can add another couple of days to your order. The manufacturer will take a couple of days to process and prepare your order prior to it leaving their distribution center.
Orders are not processed, picked up or delivered on the weekend.
You will find the additional expedited shipping charge usually is prohibitive.
White Glove Delivery:
Some manufacturers offer white glove delivery, there may be an additional fee. White Glove service may offer unpacking and assembly of the item.
Since extra steps are taken to ensure that your order is delivered in excellent condition, the "shipping time" may take from 1 to 4 weeks.
This does not include the "processing time" which is the time it takes for the order to be processed and leave the manufacturers distribution center.
You are still required to inspect your shipment upon arrival and advise us should there be any concerns.
The delivery Company will contact you to arrange a delivery time. Please allow a two to five hour window Monday - Friday during regular business hours.
Saturday deliveries for this service may not be possible, please speak with your sales associate. If the carrier cannot contact you the order will be held for several days and there may be a charge for this service.
Should the item be returned to the manufacturer you will be required to pay the shipping charge there and back the as well as the manufacturers restocking fee.
Should you have any questions please email or call us.
Order Cancellation
Should you wish to cancel your order we will make every attempt to do so. Please contact us immediately by phone. Should you contact us after hours please leave a voice mail message and one of our associates will return your call or email you.
All cancellations will be confirmed via email.
If you have not received a confirmation, your order has not been canceled.
Custom products, special orders and international orders are not eligible for return. Should one of these orders arrive defective or damaged we will replace free of charge.
Once our manufacturer has processed a your order it may not be canceled.
We will do our utmost to process your request.
Refusal of delivery will not prevent original shipping charge; return shipping fee or any re-stocking fee from applying to a refund allowed.
Please email us at customercare@storehouserock.com with a request along with your order number or call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253.
Replacement Policy
If your item is damaged, defective or has missing parts please contact us within 5 business days from date of delivery for instructions.
Email us at customercare@storehouserock.com or call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253, ask for the replacement department Ext. 22 if you should have missing or damaged parts or received a faulty item.
Please supply us with your order # and the bill to ship to information, if there is a part number or letter on the damaged piece please have the information available for us.
Arrangements will be made to send you missing parts, replacements parts or a replacement unit, free of charge.
The manufacturer may request for you to email us photos of the damage.
Keep all packaging including packing materials or manuals.
Some manufacturers prefer you contact them directly.
You can usually find the information in the product manual, which came with your order.
The manufacturer will determine as to whether they will replace the unit or ship out replacement parts.
Should a replacement be authorized it will only be made for the same product and may not be exchanged for a different model or finish.
If your item was damaged please read our policies in the "Damaged Products" section.
Turnaround time for replacement parts or a new unit usually takes the same amount of time to be delivered, as was your order.
Manufacturers will not expedite parts or a new unit at their expense.
If a replacement unit is shipped out it will be sent with the same shipping method and a tracking number will be emailed to you.
Return Policy:
If you are not satisfied with your merchandise most items may be returned at your expense within 30 days of receipt. *
Certain manufacturers products are considered special or custom order.
These products may not be returned.
*Our products are shipped from our manufacturers/distributors warehouses across U.S. and Canada and therefore all suppliers handle returns differently. Our manufacturers/distributors charge restocking fees and many require RMA#'s (Return Merchandise Authorization numbers) prior to authorizing a return.
Restocking fees are set by the specific manufacturer and not by StoreHouseRock. Please email customercare@storehouserock.com or call our toll free number 1-877-237-2253
should you have any questions regarding our return policy prior to or after placing your order.
The item returned must be in the original packaging (with any supplied manuals) and in new unused condition.
Products that require assembly and have been partially or completely assembled cannot be returned.
Should you have received an item, which was a result of our error, we will pay the return shipping cost and have the correct item shipped to you.
Unless the product is damaged, the customer is responsible for the return shipping fee and the original shipping fee, plus the restocking fee, which will not be refunded. Upon receipt and inspection of the returned product, a credit will be issued within 15 business days.
It may take your bank additional 3 - 5 business days to process the return.
Should the package arrive damaged you must still accept receipt, inspect and advise us of what parts are damaged.
We will contact the manufacturer to have the damaged parts replaced or exchange for the same product, at no charge to you.
The manufacturer may ask for you to send photos of the damage.
If you have refused the package as the outside packaging looked damaged you will be required to pay the shipping charges there and back as well as the manufacturers restocking fee. There have been times when a package is returned; the box looks ripped and damaged although the contents were still in tact.
If you are sending a gift you might want to let the receiver be aware a package will be delivered so they will not refuse delivery.
Any orders paid by money order or check will be refunded by check.
When calling or emailing us please supply us with the order #, the billing name and address and the ship to address if different from the billing information, along with a reason for the return. Once your information is received you will be contacted by one of our associates within 48 hours Monday - Friday.
We will make every effort to resolve the problem to your satisfaction.
Email us at: customercare@storehouserock.com or call our Toll Free number: 1-877-237-2253.
Shipping Info
Please note we ship from our various manufacturers distribution centers therefore if you placed an order for more than one item it may arrive at separate times.
Shipping companies charge by weight and dimensions of each package.
Should you order a quantity of more than one item the package will not be consolidated.
Delivery Acceptance and Signature
Usually a signature is not required for most items.
Couriers follow their discretion and base their decision as to the procedure usually followed in your area. We cannot guarantee whether the carrier will leave your package at your location if no one is available to accept.
Should the courier not leave your package on your doorstep usually they leave a note explaining your options for re-delivery.
The courier will make three attempts and at which that point the package would be returned to the manufacturer.
If this occurs you will be responsible for the shipping charges there and back and the manufacturers restocking fee.
Should you request a delivery by signature only we would have to contact our manufacturer as there may be an additional charge for this service.
Delays
Occasionally there may be a delay in your shipment should your shipment go missing in transit.
We would request a trace be put on the package; this may delay your order by 7 days.
Some manufacturers will not ship out a new item until the trace is completed.
Unforeseen weather may cause delivery delays.
Do Not Ship To:
We do not ship to P.O. Boxes, APO or FPO.
A street address is required for delivery.
We do not ship to U.S. Protectorates (including Puerto Rico)
Some of our manufacturers may ship to Alaska and Hawaii for an additional fee.
Hazardous material cannot be shipped to these locations.
Some of our manufacturers may ship to Canada.
Should our U.S. manufacturers ship to Canada, there will be an additional shipping cost.
We will notify you of this cost prior to placing your order.
Oncce you approve the charge your order will be processed. It is your responsibility to pay customs directly, any applicable duties, taxes or clearance charges. Storehouserock cannot determine what the customs charges may be. Hazardous material cannot be shipped to Canada.
We do not ship overseas.
If you placed an order to one of the above locations we will contact you.
If necessary will issue you a refund and cancel your order.
Warranty issues and manufacturer restrictions prevent us from shipping certain products to some of these locations.
Shipping Rates:
Products listed on storehouserock.com include the shipping cost to Mainland U.S.A.
The price you see is the price you pay.
International Shipping Now Available!
We have partnered with Bongo International to service our customers Worldwide!
Bongo International provides our customers with their very own US address. Once you have a US address, you will be able to make purchases with us as well as other US based online retailers. Bongo receives your purchases and logs them into their online system which you can use to view your items and consolidate them with multiple orders.
International customers can save up to 82% off typical international shipping rates by following these four easy steps:
Register with Bongo and receive a U.S. shipping address.
Enter the Bongo address as both your billing and shipping address.
Use the credit card that you have on file with Bongo as the payment method.
Once the order arrives at Bongo, log into your account to forward to your country.
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact Bongo through live chat or by e-mail. They will be glad to assist you.
Content Disclaimer:
Material contained within this web site is periodically checked for accuracy and is presented without any warranties, either expressed or implied. The information on the Storehouserock website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies and may not be complete or current.
Information and data has been compiled from a variety of sources and it is provided "AS IS."
We therefore reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors, inaccuracies or omissions may relate to product description, pricing and availability.
Storehouserock and its subsidiaries will assume no (and hereby disclaims), any responsibility for any errors or omissions of this web site's content. Nor shall we be responsible for any damages incurred as a result of the content or use of this web site. Any link between Storehouserock.com and any other website does not constitute an endorsement of the linked site. Storehouserock does not make and hereby disclaims any warranty as to the content of any other web site linked to Storehouserock.com. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you.
By submitting your order you acknowledge you have read our Policies and accept them.