http://www.reprofurniturecompany.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
We are delivering & keeping safe. Read more
>>>
Order now for delivery in time for Christmas
Sleigh Bedroom
13 items
Bedsides
14 items
French Beds
34 items
Headboards
12 items
Four Poster Beds
9 items
Rococo Bedroom
24 items
Living
15 items
Bed Bases & Mattresses
7 items
Our collections are broadly divided into french bedroom furniture and living room furniture. Our bedroom collections include the very sophisticated Sleigh Bedroom with various bed styles and a good collection of complimentary pieces such as chests of drawers and french bedsides. All in a nice warm mahogany. The Versailles White range is truly french provincial at it’s core with delicately carved french beds, nightstands and of course armoires. Our four poster beds are made especially for us and come in a selection of designs and finishes. These can be married up with bedsides and wardrobes from any of our bedroom collections.The Rococo bedroom is of course french design at it’s most extravagant. If you are comfortable with a bit of flamboyance then a Rococo bed is definitely for you with all the hand carved detail and variety of colours to choose from.
In your hallway why not consider one of our console tables which also make good dressing tables if you have the room. And in the study, what about a nice partners desk? From coach house to town house and apartment there is something here for all types of home. We work with our furniture manufacturers ensuring that only the best designs of reproduction french mahogany and painted furniture are produced especially for you.We deliver across the UK mainland (free on orders over £750) and can help with delivery to other parts of Europe on request.Trade enquiries are very welcome. We supply small to medium size hotels, property developers, TV production companies, show homes and interior designers. Click on the trade link at the bottom of this page for more info.
Classic Four Poster Bed
Carved Louis Bed
Gothic Throne Chairs
White Rococo Bed
Home
Bedroom
Sleigh Bedroom
French Mahogany
Versailles White
Regence Four Poster
Rococo Bedroom
French Beds
Four Poster Beds
Bedsides
Chests of Drawers
Headboards
Bed Bases & Mattresses
Living
Chairs & Benches
Desks & Office
Console Tables
FAQ
About Us
Contact Us
Add to cart
My Account
Search
Search for:
0