http://www.electricshopping.com/terms/
Home
Categories
Home & Garden
Home Accessories
Clock Radios
DAB Radios
Sonos Multi Room Audio
Indoor Lighting
Ceiling & Wall Lights
Desk Lamps
Floor Lamps & Uplighters
Alarms & Access Control
Security Lights
Fire & Safety
Heating & Cooling
Fan & Convector Heaters
Heated Blankets
Radiators
Air Conditoning & Treatment
Fans
Ironing & Laundry
Irons
Ironing Boards
Laundry, Bins & Dryers
Trouser Presses
Vacuum Cleaners
Cylinder Cleaners
Upright Cleaners
Steam Cleaners
Robotic Cleaners - Roomba
Vacuum Bags & Accessories
Garden & Outdoor
Garden Tools
Outdoor Lighting & Heating
Pet Grooming
Kitchen & Cooking
Hot & Cold Drinks
Kettles
Cafetieres
Coffee Makers
Espresso & Cappuccino Machines
Coffee Grinders and Mills
Tea Pots & Tea Presses
Travel Flasks
Smoothie & Drinks Makers
Juice Extractors
Water Urns
Food Preparation
Blenders
Hand Blenders
Table Top Blenders
Food Processors & Mixers
Food Processor Accessories
Hand Mixers
Grinders, Mincers & Mills
Juicers
Yogurt and Ice Cream Makers
Kitchen Gadgets
Refrigeration
Cooking
Toasters
Deep Fryers
Bread Makers
Food Steamers
Rice Cookers
Sandwich & Panini Toasters
Slow Cookers
Table Top & Electric Cookers
Pots, Pans & Utensils
Saucepan Sets
Casserole & Stockpots
Frying Pans, Woks & Skillets
Oven & Baking
Kitchen Scales & Can Openers
Cooks Tools, Knives & Chopping Boards
Pressure Cookers
Tableware
Bowls & Dishes
Cups, Mugs & Jugs
Storage & Breadbins
Bowls & Dishes
Bins
Pedal Bins
Touch Bins
Recycling Bins
Bin Bags
Health & Beauty
For Him
Electric Shavers
Hair Clippers & Grooming
For Her
Epilators & Trimmers
Hair Styling
Pampering & Beauty Gifts
For the Family
Toothbrushes & Oral Hygiene
Scales & Wellbeing
Baby Care
Gifts & Travel
Gifts & Gadgets
For Him
For Her
Party Accessories
Travel & Holidays
Travel Accessories
Travel Flasks & Cool Bags
Special Offers
HomeTerms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to electricshopping.com. Your use of electricshopping.com, and any order from us constitutes your agreement to these terms and conditions.
The following User Agreement ("Agreement") governs the use of the electricshopping.com ("Company" and "Vendor") site ("Site") and services provided by the Company. Please read the rules contained in this Agreement. You can access this agreement at various points throughout the Site. Your use of the Site will constitute your agreement to comply with the rules stated here in. If you cannot agree with these rules, please do not continue using the Site. electricshopping.com and electricshopping.com's contractors ("Service Provider") (jointly referred to as "We") expressly reserves the right to revise the rules contained in this Agreement.
General
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. To order goods through this website you must be at least 18 years of age and accept delivery within our served areas. We will treat each order for goods as an offer by you to purchase the goods subject to these terms and conditions.
Entire Agreement
All services provided to you by electricshopping.com are subject to these terms together with any previous written or verbal representations given or made by electricshopping.com or any representatives of electricshopping.com.
Use of copyrighted material
electricshopping.com permits you to view and use the material and data on this Site solely for your personal and non-commercial use. The content of this Site such as text, graphics, images, and other materials ("Materials"), are protected by copyright under both England & Wales and foreign law. Unauthorised use of the material may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Materials and on any copies you make of the Material for your personal use.
You may not sell or modify the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use of the Material on any other web site or in any networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. If you violate the terms of this Agreement, electricshopping.com and Service Provider reserve the right to terminate your access to the Site, and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the Material.
Authority to use our data in a way that contravenes these conditions must come in writing from us, and will only be valid for the time period stipulated in the letter.
Bound by Consumer Law
We agree to meet the obligations set out under the consumer protection laws currently in force including:
the Consumer Protection Act. 1987;
the supply of Goods and Services Act 1982;
the Consumer Credit Act 1974;
the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000.
the Sale of Goods Act 1979;
the Trade Descriptions Act 1968;
the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977 and the 1994 Regulations;
Description of Goods
All the products we sell are of a technical nature and it is not always practical or possible to publish detailed specifications of all the products. Most product descriptions are provided to us by the manufacturer, and we accept no responsibility for such descriptions. All images, descriptive matter, specifications and advertising on our site are for the sole purpose of giving an approximate description of the goods. Full detailed specifications are available from the manufacturer's themselves.
Information, prices, availability and product descriptions displayed on third party sites, or sites owned and operated by our marketing partners are for guide purposes only. We take no responsibility for the accuracy of this information, whether provided by us to them, or not.
Accuracy of Product Information
All product specifications, images and other information published on our website have either been acquired from suppliers, manufacturer's, publications, publicists, or been gathered from public-domain sources. The intention of electricshopping.com is that all information on the website should be as accurate and up to date as possible. However, electricshopping.com cannot guarantee the reliability or the accuracy of the information contained within its pages. All the actions taken by the user of the website are the responsibility of the individual.
Typographical Errors
While we try and ensure that all prices on our website are accurate, errors may occur. In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information from our suppliers, taxes or duty changes, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders listed at the incorrect price whether or not the order has been confirmed. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund back to the original form of payment.
Privacy Policy Statement
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your browser. By submitting information to electricshopping.com, you consent to the collection and use of this information by electricshopping.com and its Service Provider or providers. electricshopping.com does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others, without your prior permission. Your acceptance of a third party offer gives electricshopping.com implied permission to share your personal information, including name and credit/debit card number with that third party to the extent that you have provided consent to that third party.To better tailor our services to our customers' needs, we may use anonymous and aggregate information to help us make decisions on how to improve electricshopping.com. We do not store credit card details nor do we share customer details with any 3rd parties
The above privacy statement may not be applicable in all countries of electricshopping.com visitors or registered community users, as security policies may vary according to the individual Internet laws in each host country.
'Price Promise'
electricshopping.com aim to provide you with outstanding value for money, and we strongly believe that you will not find the products we sell cheaper elsewhere. We are very confident of this and make a 'price promise' that if you find the same product elsewhere, we will attempt to match it. However, there are conditions to this, and principally, the decision to match or better a competitors price is wholly up to electricshopping.com and although we will try, we do not guarantee to do so. In order for us to consider matching a price, our competitor must be selling the identical product, it must be in stock and with a similar delivery time frame as our own, we will also include any relevant delivery charges that they may charge in making our decision.
Availability of Goods
All products and services are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. Information on the site detailing stock levels should not be viewed as a guarantee of availability, and is a guide only. Information displayed by our marketing partners should also not be relied upon, and we take no responsibility over information displayed on sites such as these. If we do not supply the goods for any reason we will not charge you for these and we will refund any money already paid for them. However, we will not be responsible for compensating you for any other losses you may suffer if we do not supply the goods.
Third Party & Intermediary Items
Some items on electricshopping.com, such as experience gifts, hampers etc. are provided direct by third party suppliers and may carry supplemental terms and conditions which are in addition to our standard terms of sale. Electricshopping.com acts as an agent / intermediary on these products and your purchase is also bound by the terms of the supplier, which are available on our site or by request. Your name, address and telephone details will be passed to the supplier for fulfilment of the order, however we do our utmost to ensure that they adhere to the same high privacy standards as we do, and request that they do not release or reuse your personal data, and request that they do not release or reuse your personal data. In addition, from time to time, we may market certain third party services through our site. Should you choose to accept an offer from a third party, we will pass your relevant personal information, including name and credit/debit card number, to that third party which may have its own privacy policy which describes how it uses your personal information once you subscribe to the service.
Delivery
electricshopping.com always endeavours to adhere to delivery estimates but these are always estimates. Any dates we specify for the delivery of the goods are approximate only and we shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges, or expenses caused by any delay for delivery of the goods and time is not of the essence.
Most items sent by electricshopping.com need to be signed for, and as such, you, or a nominated person must be available to sign for it. We may permit you to send the item to an address other than the card holders to facilitate this. If delivery is attempted, but no one was available to sign for it, we reserve the right to charge you for any subsequent delivery attempts. The 'free delivery' promotion on the site may only be applied once per order, and to the first delivery attempt, if applicable.
All prices on our website are exclusive of delivery charges which will be added to the price of the products at the checkout, should there be a charge. Northern Ireland (BT), Isle of Man (IM), Scottish Highlands and Orkney Isles (PA, ML, EH, KA, G, KY, PH, DD, AB, IV, KW), Outer Hebrides and the Shetland Isles (HS, ZE) may not always qualify for free delivery and may also experience delivery delays.
Risk
As soon as we have delivered the goods to your door, or to a nominated person, you will be responsible for them. From the time of receipted delivery of the goods, any loss or damage to the goods shall be at your own risk. Any transit damage to the goods, shortages or incorrect goods supplied must be noted on the delivery consignment note at the time of delivery.
Extended warranties
Extended warranties and repair protection plans can be purchased from us which allow you to protect your item against accidental damage and mechanical breakdown within the period of cover. This is not available on all our products, and where it is we will make you aware and offer this. The cover can be provided by electricshopping.com and Domestic and General, depending on the product purchased. All cover is subject to terms and conditions which are available both from us and Domestic and General.
Notification of Claims due to Delivery Errors
Damage in transit: If goods arrive in a damaged condition you must make a note on the carrier's delivery consignment note and it will be your responsibility to inform us within 7 days from delivery.
Shortages: It is your responsibility to sign for the correct number of packages as shown on the carrier's delivery consignment note. Any shortages must be noted on the consignment note and it will be your responsibility to notify us within 10 days from delivery.
In-Correct Goods: It is your responsibility to notify us of any in-correct goods supplied within 7 days from delivery.
Non-Deliveries: We will not accept liability for goods lost in transit unless we are notified within 10 days from the expected delivery date.
If goods returned under this clause are found to be perfect and in full working order, these will be returned to you and an administration fee of 15% of the price of the goods along with the cost of carriage will be charged to your credit card account.
Returns and Cancellations
Order Cancellations
You have the right to cancel your order at any time before a confirmed delivery date free of charge.
Returns Policy
We want you to be satisfied when you shop with us. However, occasionally, we know that you may want to return items. For information on this process please see our returns policy below.
No Fault Returns
The United Kingdom's Distance Selling Regulations stipulate that as a consumer, you have the right to cancel the contract for the purchase of any item within seven working days of delivery. This applies to all of our products. However, we allow you 14 days in which to cancel your contract. Further information on this can be found on the Department of Trade and Industry website at http://www.dti.gov.uk
In this case, you are responsible for the safe return of the product to us, including the cost of doing so. We may be able to arrange this on your behalf for a fee which will be advised at the time of booking such a service.
If you have decided to cancel your order or wish to return your products to electricshopping.com we will refund your credit card within 30 days of cancellation or from when we receive the goods, whichever is later.
The goods must be unused and 'as new' in their original box and packaging including all manuals and accessories. You must notify us within 14 days from date of delivery and we will issue you with a Returns Authorisation Number. The Returns Authorisation number will be valid for 14 days and it will be your responsibility to return the goods to us at your own cost and risk. Under your statutory rights, if you inform us in writing that you wish to return your item within seven days from the order, we will give you a full refund, less any charges for extra services such as gift wrapping, next day delivery. After seven days, we reserve the right to deduct re-stocking fee or a delivery cost recovery fee from the amount refunded in accordance with the European Union distance selling directive. If goods are received back 'as new' but incomplete with missing components and accessories we will charge the cost of the accessories to you. Goods received back in any condition other than 'as new' will be returned back to you, at your cost.
Faulty Returns Not working on arrival
A product is deemed to be faulty on arrival if it shows symptoms of a failure preventing basic operation upon its first use out of the box. In such instances please contact customer services within 7 days from the delivery date. You can then either return the faulty item directly yourself or we will organise a collection. Upon receipt of the goods and confirmation of the fault by our product support team you will be offered the following options:
A replacement. This item will be shipped to you at our own expense.
A repair. The repaired item will be shipped to you at our own expense. Please note that once repaired the product is no longer eligible for replacement.
A full refund provided the item has been verified faulty and is complete with all accessories in its original box and packaging.
Our agreements with some manufacturers enforce us to arrange a repair to a product rather than exchange – if this is the case, the manufacturers rules will apply, and faulty items will be repaired and returned back to you, we will be unable to offer a replacement unless the fault is not repairable.
If the product is not deemed to be faulty by our product support team then you will be offered the following options:
Return of the goods the cost of delivery charged to you.
Refund the invoice cost less any applicable delivery and collection charges provided the product is 'as new' and complete with all accessories in its original box and packaging. If the condition of the product or the packaging is poor then we reserve the right to impose a charge to cover re-packaging costs. Missing accessories will also be charged to you.
The manufacturers guarantee will apply to all items reported to be faulty after 14 days from delivery.
Please be aware you are responsible for ensuring the product is suitably packaged for return. The cost of any damage caused due to insufficient packaging will be charged to you. This charge will be at least 15% of the purchase value. The goods must be returned in the original packaging. We recommend the original packaging be kept for no less than three months in case of a fault developing or any other transit requirements you might have.
This does not apply to faults caused by accident, neglect or misuse, for which there will be no refund or exchange.
This returns policy does not affect your legal rights.
Other
You will own the goods once we have received your payment in full. Failure by us to enforce any of these terms and conditions will not affect our right to enforce the rest of these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without prior notice to you.
Non-Returnable Products
Products from our personal care, genuine spare parts, media, software, digital downloads, licensing and made-to-order ranges are exempt from our 14 day satisfaction guarantee. This means that once you have received and opened the product(received in the case of made to order), begun the download or broken the seal we will be unable to offer a refund.
Of course, should any fault develop within the warranty period of at least one year, we or the manufacturer will be only too happy to help.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
The registered address for the company is: electricshopping.com limited3rd Floor 207 Regent Street London W1B 3HH
Our Price Promise
We keep a close eye on our major competitors' prices online and in-store to make sure that our prices are the best you will find. This means that you can rely on us to provide you great value as well as the great service you have come to expect from us.
We therefore are confident that all prices on the site are better then our main competitors, and make you one simple promise. If you find the same product at one of the stores listed below cheaper, we will do our very best to match it!
The stores that we monitor are: Curry's, Comet, Dixon's, Empire Direct, John Lewis, Argos, Tesco.com, Co-Op and Hughes. We also look at their online store prices. If you find a product cheaper at a site not listed here, do call us, and we will certainly have a look to see of we can match or better it.
How to Order with the Price Promise
To order a product that you have seen cheaper elsewhere, please call us on 08456 53 02 42 with the details of where you saw the product cheaper. We will then check and confirm these with you. Conditions apply to this offer and they are below.
Conditions
The main conditions of this offer are as follows. Principally, the decision to match or better a competitor's price is wholly up to electricshopping.com and although we will try, we do not guarantee to do so. In order for us to consider matching a price, our competitor must be selling the identical product, it must be in stock and with a similar delivery time frame as our own, and we will also include any relevant delivery charges that they may charge in making our decision. The price promise only relates to the competitor stores listed above.
These terms and conditions were last updated 12/10/2012.
Back to Top