http://www.music-exchange.co.uk/information.php#terms
Home
Tutors
Examinations
Gifts
Recordings
All departments
Groups/Artists
Tutors
Examinations
Gifts
Recordings
Instruments and Accessories
Music Collections
Instrumental Music
Children and Education
Choral and Vocal
Scores and Parts
Text Books
Multimedia
Sheet Music
Sign in / Register
Items: 0 Goods Value: £0.00
Sections
About Music Exchange
Using this Site
Delivery
Discounts
Supply, Cancellation and Returns
Cookie Policy
Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Music Exchange
Home : Information
About Music Exchange
Welcome to the Music Exchange web site. We have been a leading provider of online music services since 1997.
Music Exchange stock one of the largest selections of Sheet Music and Song Books on the Web: with over 130,000 Sheet Music titles, including examination materials,tutor and study books, teaching repertoire, pieces, collections and song books from leading groups and artists
This web site is operated by Music Exchange (Manchester) Limited trading as Music Exchange: a company registered in England and Wales under registration number 864717.
Our registered address is Claverton Road, Manchester, M23 9ZA, United Kingdom.
Music Exchange sell Printed Music, Gifts and Accessories and can take orders via this web site, by post, by telephone and fax, for delivery by mail order worldwide. Our VAT number is GB 834 8670 00.
If you have any questions, complaints or comments about this web site then please contact us by email at mail@music-exchange.co.uk,
using our online contact form, by post at the address given above, by fax on 0161 946 1195 or by telephone at 0161 946 9301.
Music Exchange (Manchester) Limited is registered as a data controller for the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998.
Our registration number on the register of data controllers maintained by the Information Commissioner is Z5665946.
For further information please see our privacy policy.
top of the page
Using this Site
General
You may browse and purchase goods on the web site without any registration or signing in.
Please use the Search tools at the top centre of each page to find products and services currently on offer.
Details on the Search tools are shown below.
Product items may be added to a Shopping Basket to create a list of potential purchases.
Click the "Basket" link to view the contents of your shopping basket and make amendments to its contents as required.
To purchase the items in your shopping basket click the "Checkout" link.
You must either sign in as an existing user (if you have previously registered), and/or complete the delivery and payment form to complete your order.
Search
Use the Department links to browse products within each department.
Use the search field to search for products on product name, composer/artist/group or song title
The results, if any, will show titles matching your criteria. The search will find your text anywhere within the result or contents.
If your search finds titles contained in other products then the title will be shown below the containing product.
The Shopping Basket
The shopping basket shows all items selected by you for potential purchase.
To increase/decrease the quantity ordered for any item, amend the quantity shown and click the "Update Quantity" button.
To remove items completely from the shopping basket make the quantity value 0 (zero) and click "Update Quantity" or click the "remove" link on the product line.
Please note the Stock Availability indicator is for general guidance only.
In Stock items are available for immediate dispatch.
Items shown as "Stock Expected Shortly" will be on general order and likely to be back in stock shortly.
Items shown as "Available To Order" can be back-ordered and are subject to availability from the suppliers.
Please contact us for the latest information.
Checkout
If you have not already signed in enter the email address and password previously registered with Music Exchange on the sign in page.
Payment at the Checkout can be processed via our Secure Hosting Payment Gateway or via PayPal.
No details of payment cards are retained by either ourselves or our Payment Gateway.
Click the "Purchase" button to complete the Order.
An acknowledgement of your order will be sent to you via email.
Registration
Registration is not necessary for purchasing products from this web site, however for you to be able to purchase items we need you to supply details of a delivery address and payment method.
No details of payment cards are retained by either ourselves or our Payment Gateway.
Complete all required fields on the registration form and click the "Continue" button when done.
A warning will show if any entered data fails to meet the requirement. Please check all details entered for correctness.
Please be particularly careful when entering email addresses and billing card dates
Signing In
After you have registered for the first time, and on subsequent visits to the web site after registration, please use your email address and password in the "Sign In" form fields.
Click the "Sign In" button to be recognized by the web site.
If you have never previously Registered or are Registered and have not signed in, then the Sign In prompt will show when moving to the "Checkout".
Signing Out
Click the "Sign Out" link to remove all session data.
The current contents of your Shopping Basket and Wishlist will be saved until your next sign in.
If you leave the web site or close your browser while signed in the session will be cancelled and you will need to Sign In again when returning to the web site.
In this case the current contents of your Shopping Basket will not be saved.
top of the page
Delivery
UK Postal Charges and Back Orders
In stock UK orders made on this site are charged at £3.50 per order. Orders over £20.00 are sent post free.
Items out of stock and placed on back order are despatched at a charge of £2.20. Charges shown include VAT.
Orders will be dispatched by first class post for deliveries within the UK or by courier.
European Union Postal Charges
All Orders despatched to the European Union Countries are charged by weight. Charges shown include VAT.
Orders will be dispatched by Air Mail.
upto (Kg)charge per order
0.25£3.55
0.50£5.40
0.75£7.15
1.00£10.20
1.25£12.60
1.50£15.00
2.00£16.75
5.00£29.95
9.00£29.95
15.00£29.95
20.00£39.00
25.00£59.40
50.00£59.40
above 50.00please contact us for pricing
non-European Union Postal Charges
All Orders despatched to non-European Union Countries are charged by weight.
Orders will be dispatched by Air Mail.
upto (Kg)charge per order
0.25£3.50
0.50£6.95
0.75£8.95
1.00£11.95
1.25£14.95
1.50£17.95
2.00£19.95
5.00£48.95
9.00£70.50
15.00£103.50
20.00£130.95
25.00£158.95
50.00£325.00
above 50.00please contact us for pricing
North America Postal Charges
All Orders despatched to North America are charged by weight.
Orders will be dispatched by Air Mail.
upto (Kg)charge per order
0.25£3.50
0.50£6.95
0.75£8.95
1.00£11.95
1.25£14.95
1.50£17.95
2.00£19.95
5.00£27.95
9.00£38.50
15.00£51.50
20.00£61.50
25.00£74.50
50.00£134.50
above 50.00please contact us for pricing
Rest of the World Postal Charges
All Orders despatched to the Rest of the World are charged by weight.
Orders will be dispatched by Air Mail.
upto (Kg)charge per order
0.25£3.95
0.50£7.50
0.75£9.50
1.00£12.95
1.25£15.95
1.50£18.95
2.00£20.95
5.00£58.50
9.00£84.50
15.00£121.95
20.00£152.95
25.00£184.95
50.00£365.00
above 50.00please contact us for pricing
top of the page
Discounts
Discounts available for registered customers.
top of the page
Supply, Cancellations and Returns
We hope that you will be happy with your order from the Music Exchange online shop.
If any item does not meet with your expectations, please contact the Music Exchange directly within fourteen days of delivery.
This does not affect your statutory rights, which include:
that any Products supplied by us will be of satisfactory quality, fit for their intended purpose, and will conform to any description given on this web site
certain remedies if a Product is defective and a right to return a Product to us within seven days after the day on which you receive it, and receive a full refund even if it is not defective.
This right is subject to certain conditions and exceptions (see "Return of non-faulty goods" below).
Nothing in these Terms is intended to affect these statutory rights.
For more information about your statutory rights contact your local Citizens Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
Return of goods
If you are not happy with your order, you have the right to return the Product to us and receive a full refund provided:
You notify us in writing that you are cancelling your purchase no later than the fourteenth day after the day on which you received your Product,
You have taken reasonable care of the Product prior to return - in particular this means they must not have been damaged, copied, altered or worn excessively, and that any labels or tags should not be removed.
You may give us notice of cancellation by any written means (including email, fax or letter), but it will speed up the process for you and us if you contact us by email at mail@music-exchange.co.uk or by telephone at 0161 946 9301.
You will be responsible for the cost of returning the Product to us, unless it is faulty, incorrect or misdescribed.
Please return the Product in suitable packaging to ensure it reaches us in good condition.
We will refund the purchase price and original delivery charge of any goods returned no later than 30 days from the day when you give us notice of cancellation.
Please note that if you fail to take reasonable care of returned Products, or fail to return the Product to us, we will be entitled to make a claim against you for any losses which we suffer.
Please note that you do not have the right to return the following types of Products, unless they are faulty or have been misdescribed:
CDs, videos, DVDs, computer software and/or computer games (unless the shrink wrapping is intact), and newspapers, magazines or periodicals.
If a Product is faulty or does not meet the description given on the web site at the time you placed your order, please contact us as soon as possible.
We will refund the purchase price, delivery charge and any reasonable costs you incur in returning it to us.
We recommend that returned Products are sent via insured, traceable delivery service.
top of the page
Cookies
Information about Cookies on Music Exchange
Cookies are small text-based files saved on your device's drive by your Web browser which allow the web site to retain the activity of a user, (such as additions to an online shopping basket for example).
Their only use on this web site is to provide you with a more efficient experience when using our services.
No personal information is requested or collected by any means during your visit other than that required to satisfy the completion of an order, use of the contact form or sign-in process.
Even then data is processed within the provisions and limitations of the Data Protection Act and PCI DSS requirements covering online payments.
The only Cookies set by this site are:
Necessary cookies.
A cookie to record the Session ID while you are visiting the web site.
This is necessary for the functioning of the Shopping Basket and expires when the session is closed or after 20 minutes of inactivity.
Third-party cookies: Analytics
Cookies to provide us with an analysis of pages visited and links click. No personal data is collected.
This is only used for statistics about the use of our web site and is NOT used for any other form of advertising or marketing.
Third-party cookies: Payment gateways
Cookies to provide the payment functions for the purchase of products.
These are only set when making a purchase and are used to make this possible.
In addition your web browser should already have the means to prevent or notify you of the acceptance of new cookies, removing existing cookies and disabling cookies altogether.
To find out more see our privacy policy.
top of the page
Security Policy
This web site is secured using a GlobalSign Digital Certificate.
This ensures that all personal and sensitive information you send to us via the World Wide Web will be encrypted.
If any other Internet user intercepts the communication they will only be able to see it in an encrypted (garbled) form.
Certificate technology allows us to decrypt the information, and view it in plain text form.
top of the page
Privacy Statement
The Music Exchange are committed to protecting your privacy.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
We collect your information when you create an on-line account, you place an order, you make a complaint or enquiry or provide other feedback to us or you disclose your information to us or otherwise through the web site at any other point.
We collect information about you for two reasons: firstly, to process your orders and second, to provide you with the best possible service. We may use your Data to process the registration of and maintain your on-line account, to process any orders you place via the web site, to deal with any complaints or enquiries made by you, to monitor, develop and improve the web site and your experience, or to investigate any suspected breach of the Terms.
We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us and you can refuse at any time using the contact details provided above.
The type of information we will collect about you includes your name, address, phone/fax number, email address, credit/debit card details and/or any specific interests you have in our publication categories.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and as up-to-date as possible. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
We will not transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our web site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on your computer. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
top of the page
Terms and Conditions
1. Our Agreement
1.1 Acceptance of Terms.
These terms and conditions ("Terms") are the terms on which we provide our Products to you.
Please read these Terms carefully before ordering.
You should keep a copy of these Terms for future reference.
We will file a copy of any Orders made by you.
By continuing to use this web site and submit Orders via the web site you agree to be bound and abide by these terms and condition.
1.2	The ordering process and order confirmations.
The ordering process and order confirmations.
Your Order constitutes an offer to us to buy the Product.
All Orders are subject to availability and to acceptance by us.
We will send you an email acknowledging receipt of your Order.
Please note that this does not constitute acceptance by us.
The contract for purchase of the Product is formed when we send you an email that confirms that the Product has been dispatched (the Dispatch Email).
1.3	Terms used in this Agreement.
Terms in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:
"Agreement" - the contract between you and Music Exchange as set out in these Terms.
"Order"	- an order for Products on the web site.
"Product" - the sheet music, printed music books, songbooks, exam publications, music DVDs and other products available from the web site.
"We/us/our/Music Exchange" including where appropriate our employees and authorised agents.
"Working Days" - a day which is not a Saturday, Sunday or a Bank Holiday in the UK.
"web site" - The web site at www.music-exchange.co.uk
1.4 These Terms are only available in the English language.
2. General Information about Music Exchange
About Music Exchange
3. Your Obligations.
3.1 You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any passwords,
user names or other signin details (together "Sign In Details") and are responsible for all activities that are carried out under them.
We do not have the means to check the identities of people using the web site and will not be responsible for losses suffered where your
Login Details are used by someone else unless this is due to our negligence.
You agree to notify us immediately if you become aware of or suspect any unauthorised use of your Login Details.
3.2 You promise to Music Exchange and confirm that:
3.2.1 All information and details provided by you to us (including on registration) are true, accurate and up to date in all respects and at all times
3.2.2 You will comply with the restrictions on your use of the web site as set out in these Terms
3.2.3 In relation to any material submitted to or posted on the web site by you, you have the right to do so, and
3.2.4 You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts
3.3 If we take legal action against you for non-payment or any other breach of these Terms
and a court makes an award in our favour you will be responsible for all costs allowable by the Courts.
3.4 You agree that in using the web site you will not:
3.4.1 use the web site for any unlawful purpose.
3.4.2 use the web site in any way that interrupts, damages, impairs or renders the web site less efficient
3.4.3 access or attempt to access the accounts of other users or to penetrate or attempt to penetrate the web site security measures
3.4.4 submit, post, upload or otherwise disseminate any content which is defamatory, obscene, unlawful or
may have the effect of being harassing, threatening or abusive on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity,
age, disability or otherwise
3.4.5 advertise or promote third party or your own products or services other than in accordance with the Music Teacher register provisions below.
3.4.6 use the web site for any purpose other than your personal use.
3.5 We reserve the right to suspend, restrict or terminate your access to the web site at any time without notice if we have reasonable grounds
to believe you have breached any of these restrictions.
This shall not limit our right to take any other action against you that we consider appropriate.
3.6 Your use of the web site and its contents grants no rights to you in relation to our intellectual property rights including, without limitation,
copyright trade marks, logos, graphics, photographs, animations, videos and text or the intellectual property of third parties in the web site
and its contents.
3.7 You may not copy, reproduce, republish, download, post, broadcast, record, transmit, commercially exploit, edit, communicate to the public or
distribute in any way the Products, Web pages or materials on the web site or the computer codes of elements comprising the web site.
3.8 Any use other than that permitted under this clause may only be undertaken with our prior express authorisation.
4. Using this web site
Using this web site
5. Supply of Products.
5.1 Prices and payment
5.1.1 The price of a Product shall be as stated on this Website at the time you place your order except in the case of obvious error.
We try and ensure that all prices on our Website are accurate but errors may occur.
If we discover an error in the price of a Product you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it.
If you cancel and you have already paid for the Product , you will receive a full refund.
5.1.2 Prices shown are inclusive of UK Value Added Tax.
5.1.3 Prices do not include delivery. Postal Charges and Back Order charges are detailed in the Schedule below.
5.1.4 We accept online payment by debit or credit card only.
Payment will be debited from your account upon or shortly before despatch of the Product to you.
You confirm that the credit/debit card that is being used is yours.
All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer.
If the issuer of your card refuses to authorise payment we will not accept your order and we will not be responsible for any delay or non-delivery and we are not obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal.
We are not responsible for your card issuer or bank charging you as a result of our processing of your credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order.
5.1.5 Prices are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect orders in respect of which we have already sent you a Dispatch Confirmation.
5.1.6 Our Website contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the Products listed on our Website may be incorrectly priced.
We will normally verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a Product"s correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the Product to you.
If a Product's correct price is higher than the price stated on our Website, we will normally, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before dispatching the Product, or reject your order and notify you of such rejection.
5.1.7 We are under no obligation to provide the Product to you at the incorrect (lower) price, even after we have sent you a Dispatch Confirmation, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
5.1.8 If you order Products from our Website for delivery outside the UK, they may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination.
You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes.
Please note that we have no control over these charges and cannot predict their amount.
Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order.
Please also note that you must comply with all applicable laws and regulations of the country for which the products are destined.
We will not be liable for any breach by you of any such laws.
5.2	Delivery and ownership
5.2.1 Products will be dispatched by first class post for deliveries within the UK or by courier.
Prices shown on the Website do not include delivery.
Our Delivery Charges are detailed in the Schedule below.
5.2.2 We shall endeavour to dispatch the Product to you as soon as possible after you place your order and in any event within 30 days beginning on the day after you place your order.
If we are unable to dispatch the Product within that time we will email to let you know and to give you an estimated delivery date.
In these circumstances you have the right to cancel the order and receive a full refund.
5.2.3 As soon as the Product is delivered to you, you are responsible for it.
5.2.4 Ownership of the Product will only pass to you when we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the Products, including delivery charges.
5.2.5 We want you to be happy with your purchase from us.
If you are unhappy with the Product in any way please contact us at the contact details provided above as soon as possible.
5.3	Cancellation, returns and refunds
5.3.1 We hope that you will be happy with your order from the Music Exchange online shop.
5.3.2 If any item does not meet with your expectations, please contact the Music Exchange ent directly within 7 working days of delivery.
5.3.3 This does not affect your statutory rights, which include:
that any Products supplied by us will be of satisfactory quality, fit for their intended purpose, and will conform to any description given on this Website
certain remedies if a Product is defective and a right to return a Product to us within seven days after the day on which you receive it, and receive a full refund even if it is not defective.
This right is subject to certain conditions and exceptions (see "Return of non faulty goods" below).
Nothing in these Terms is intended to affect these statutory rights.
For more information about your statutory rights contact your local Citizens Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
5.4	Return of goods
5.4.1 If you are not happy with your order, you have the right to return the Product to us and receive a full refund provided:
You notify us in writing that you are cancelling your purchase no later than the seventh Working Day after the day on which you received your Product,
You have taken reasonable care of the Product prior to return - in particular this means they must not have been damaged, copied, altered or worn excessively, and that any labels or tags should not be removed.
You may give us notice of cancellation by any written means (including email, fax or letter), but it will speed up the process for you and us if you contact us by email at mail@music-exchange.co.uk or by telephone at 0161 946 9301.
You will be responsible for the cost of returning the Product to us, unless it is faulty, incorrect or misdescribed.
Please return the Product in suitable packaging to ensure it reaches us in good condition.
5.4.2 We will refund the purchase price and original delivery charge of any goods returned no later than 30 days from the day when you give us notice of cancellation.
5.4.3 Please note that if you fail to take reasonable care of returned Products, or fail to return the Product to us, we will be entitled to make a claim against you for any losses which we suffer.
5.4.4 Please note that you do not have the right to return the following types of Products, unless they are faulty or have been misdescribed:
CDs, videos, DVDs, computer software and/or computer games unless the shrink wrapping is intact, and newspapers, magazines or periodicals.
5.4.5 If a Product is faulty or does not meet the description given on the Website at the time you placed your order, please contact us as soon as possible.
We will refund the purchase price, delivery charge and any reasonable costs you incur in returning it to us.
We recommend that returned Products are sent via insured, traceable delivery service.
5.5	Restricted countries
We cannot accept payment cards from the following countries:
Belarus, Burma/Myanmar, Democratic Republic of Congo, Eritrea, Federal Republic of Yugoslavia & Serbia, Iran, Iraq, Ivory Coast (Cote d'Ivorie), Lebanon and Syria, Liberia, North Korea (Democratic People’s Republic of Korea), Republic of Guinea, Somalia, Sudan, Zimbabwe, Cuba, Balkans, Libya
6. Our Legal Obligations and Limits On Our Liability.
6.1 We accept liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or that of our employees and agents.
We do not seek to exclude liability for fraudulent misrepresentation by us or our employees or agents.
6.2 If we breach these Terms we shall only be liable for losses which are a reasonably foreseeable consequence of such a breach.
Losses are foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time of entering into this Agreement.
6.3 We are not responsible for:
indirect losses which are a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not reasonably foreseeable by you and us at the time of entering into this Agreement,
(including for example loss of profits, loss of opportunity, loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of contracts, loss of anticipated savings, loss of data or waste of management or office time,
however arising and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or otherwise),
for any content posted by any users other than us on the Website,
for any sales or supplies of products or services made by a third party provider through our Website,
failure to supply the Products or to meet any of our obligations under this Agreement where such failure is due to Events Beyond Our Control.
"Events Beyond Our Control" means any cause beyond our reasonable control which prevents us from providing the service or fulfilling any of our other obligations under this Agreement and includes but is not limited to fire, flood, storm, riot, civil disturbance, war, nuclear accident, terrorist activity and acts of God.
7. General Information.
7.1 We have the right to revise and amend these Terms from time to time.
You will be subject to the policies and Terms in force at the time that you order products from us, unless any change to those policies or these Terms is required to be made by law or governmental authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you),
or if we notify you of the change to those policies or these Terms before we send you the Dispatch Confirmation (in which case we have the right to assume that you have accepted the change to the Terms,
unless you notify us to the contrary within seven working days of receipt by you of the Products).
7.2 All notices given by you to us must be given to us at the details provided above.
We may give notice to you at either the e-mail or postal address you provide to us when placing an order.
Notice will be deemed received and properly served 24 hours after an e-mail is sent, or three days after the date of posting of any letter.
In proving the service of any notice, it will be sufficient to prove, in the case of a letter, that such letter was properly addressed, stamped and placed in the post and, in the case of an e-mail, that such e-mail was sent to the specified e-mail address of the addressee.
7.3 This agreement is personal to you. You may not transfer your rights or obligations under this Agreement to anyone else.
7.4 If you breach these Terms and we take no action against you, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations and we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these Terms.
7.5 If any part of these Terms is disallowed or found to be ineffective by any court or regulator, the other provisions shall continue to apply.
7.6 This agreement and any orders or contracts for Products shall be subject to the laws of England and Wales, any court proceedings must be brought within the courts of England and Wales.
8. Privacy Statement.
Privacy statement
9. Security Statement.
Security statement
10. Carriage charges and Delivery
Delivery
top of the page
Information
About Music Exchange
Using this Site
Delivery
Discounts
Policies
Returns
Cookies
Security
Privacy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
By Post:
Mail Order Department,  Music Exchange (Manchester) Ltd,
Claverton Road,
Manchester, M23 9ZA,  UK
By telephone (Mon - Fri 9am - 5pm):
(44) (0)161 946 9301
By fax:
(44) (0)161 946 1195
By email:
mail@music-exchange.co.uk
By web site:
Contact Us
Find us on: