https://www.batteryship.com/privacypolicy.html
Fast, Free Shipping. No Minimum!
Menu
About
Shop
My Orders
Reviews
Cart
Questions?
Contact
BatteryShip Privacy Policy
Introduction
BatteryShip is committed to helping you make the most of your time on our family of websites. A large part of helping you do this is by providing you a trusted environment where your privacy is maintained and your personal information is kept secured. The following privacy policy discloses how we collect, protect, use, and share information gathered about you from one of our family of web sites. We hope this disclosure will help increase your confidence in our website, products, and BatteryShip.
As you read through this privacy policy, if you decide that you do not want us to use the information as we describe below, then please email us at
.
We promise to comply with you request.
Personal Information
In general, you can visit BatteryShip on the Internet without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you.
You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us information, such as your name and address or e-mail id, to correspond with you, to process an order, or to provide you with a subscription. You may give us your credit card details to buy something from us or a description of your education and work experience in connection with a job opening at BatteryShip that you wish to be considered for. We intend to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you; if you tell us that you do not want us to use this information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your requests, we will respect your wishes. If you give us personal information about somebody else, such as a spouse or work colleague, we will assume that you have their permission to do so. If you do not want us to use the information you provide us please email us at
.
Please include your order number, if applicable, when responding to us.
Using and Sharing Personal Info
The following paragraphs describe in more detail how BatteryShip may use your personal information and with whom we may share it. Depending on the type of BatteryShip Web site you are visiting, one or more of the paragraphs may apply. For example, if you order a product from an BatteryShip Web site, your information will be handled as described in such paragraphs as Fulfilling Your Transaction Request and Marketing Use.
Fulfilling Your Transaction Request
If you request something from a BatteryShip Web site, for example, a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, for instance, other parts of BatteryShip, BatteryShip Business Partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal or government authorities (for example, Customs authorities) involved in fulfillment. In connection with a transaction we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Marketing Use
The information you provide to BatteryShip on certain BatteryShip Web sites may also be used by BatteryShip and selected third parties for marketing purposes. Before we use it, however, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way. If you do not want us to use the information you provide us for marketing purposes, please email us at
. Please include your order number, if applicable, when responding to us.
Information Security and Quality
BatteryShip intends to make every effort to protect the quality and integrity of your personal information. We implement the highest and most secure technical and organizational measures, such as encryption methodologies, to help us maintain your information securely and accurately.
Safe and Secure Shopping Guarantee
BatteryShip's security technologies and practices meet the highest security standards of the U.S.
Government, Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover Card. Click Here for details and for terms of our security guarantee.
Cookies, Web Beacons, and other Technologies
We sometimes collect non-identifiable information from visits to our Web sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit, and we also measure visitor activity on BatteryShip Web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This anonymous information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." BatteryShip or others on BatteryShip’s behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed, at an aggregate level only, to help us understand trends and patterns about our website. This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.
We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called "cookies". A cookie is a piece of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Some BatteryShip pages use cookies, sent by BatteryShip or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the Web site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, our web sites may not work properly.
Some BatteryShip Web sites also use Web beacons or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across BatteryShip Web sites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you do not want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.
Online Advertising
Certain companies help us deliver interactive on-line advertising such as banner ads. These companies may collect and use information about customers to help us better understand the offers, promotions, and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers. After it is collected the information is aggregated so it is not identifiable to a specific individual.
Disclosures Required by Law
Under certain circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.
Privacy Technology
Technology will increasingly help give you more control over your personal information. It will also help organizations to manage their privacy practices and policies. BatteryShip supports the development of privacy technologies to help achieve goals that create greater trust and confidence in the way personal information is handled.
Links to Non BatteryShip Websites
BatteryShip Web sites may contain links to other Web sites. BatteryShip is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.
Notification of Change
This privacy statement was last updated on May 9, 2011. Our privacy statement may change at any time so please review this policy as frequently as needed.
Privacy Questions
If you have a question about this statement or you would like modify your personal information, you can send an email to the BatteryShip Web site coordinator. The address for this is
. You can also contact us at this address if you have a question about BatteryShip’s handling of your information. If you do not want us to use the information you provide us for any of the above possible uses, then please email us at
. Please include your order number, if applicable, when responding to us.
Copyright © 2020 BatteryShip Inc. All rights reserved.
All offers and prices are subject to change without notice.
Privacy Policy
All brand names and trademarks are the property of their respective owners. The listed brand names and model designations are intended only to show the compatibility of these products with various machines.
Neither BatteryShip Inc nor BatteryShip.com are affiliated with the original manufacturers of any of these batteries or chargers. All products on this page are generic, aftermarket, replacement parts.