http://www.koi.com/terms.php
Home
News
Koi for Sale
Retail Koi Collection
Online Koi Auction
How to Order
Shipping / Terms
Wholesale Koi Division
Koi Articles
Koi Encyclopedia
Tategoi: The Series
Unique Koi & More
Sakai Parent Koi Book 2013
Sakai Parent Koi Book 2012
Koi Care
Shinsuke Koi Products
Koi Care
Neocide 3
Pond Supplies
Shinsuke Koi Products
Pond Pumps
UV Sterilizers
Alpha One Filters
Nexus Eazy 210/310
Nexus Eazy Pod
The Cetus Sieve
Polishing Filters
PondKeeper Filters
Vortek SS Delux
Hall of Fame
Events
About
Contact
Privacy, Copyright, and Mailing List information
Privacy Policy
At koi.com/Pan Intercorp we are concerned with protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a personalized web experience. We may also use it to tell you about special offers we think you'd appreciate. You'll never have to worry about receiving a barrage of unexpected e-mail from us. We will not sell, rent or trade your information.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; notices of changes will appear on this page at least 30 days in advance, so check back often. Any such changes will be retroactive.
Links to Other Sites
This site may contain links to other sites. koi.com/Pan Intercorp privacy practices may differ from those on other sites. Make sure you educate yourselves on the other site's policies before providing personal information.
Remove mail
Koi.com/Pan Intercorp provides you the opportunity to be removed from receiving communications from us. We do send out an email newsletter as well as an occasional promotion to those who have joined our Mailing list. For those who wish to be removed from the koi.com mailing list please send an email with your full email address to pan@koi.com.
Updating or Correcting Your Information
If some of your information needs to be changed or you think that the information you provided to koi.com/Pan Intercorp is incorrect, you can send an e-mail specifying the information that needs to be changed or modified to pan@koi.com.
Copyright
All content included on this web site, including text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, and images, is the property of koi.com/Pan Intercorp, its licensors or its content suppliers, and is protected by U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The compilation of all content on this web site is the exclusive property of koi.com/Pan Intercorp and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All programs/macros used on this site are the property of koi.com/Pan Intercorp or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. The content and programs/macros on this site may be used as an personal entertainment resource. You may not copy, publish, distribute, create derivative works of, or commercially exploit the content of this web site without express written permission of koi.com/Pan Intercorp. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on this site may contact us at pan@koi.com.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, e-mail us at pan@koi.com, or call 425-486-8504.
BACK TO TOP
Join the NEW 2020 koi.com mailing list:
To receive updates on events and specials, enter your email address below and click the 'Join' button. We will not share your information with third parties.
FOLLOW US:
Home |
News |
Koi Sales |
Koi Reference |
Filtration Systems |
Hall of Fame |
Events |
About |
Contact
©1996-2020 Pan Intercorp - All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use 18615 80th Ave NE, Kenmore, WA 98028 USA
Phone: (800) 827-5819   |   Fax: (425) 486-9065   E-mail: info@koi.com