http://www.ascotchang.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Skip to content
Close menu
Shop
Shirts
Dress Shirts
Polo Shirts
Jackets
Safari Jackets
Accessories
Ties
Belts
Cufflinks and Stud Sets
Face Masks
BESPOKE
The Process
Shirts
Suits
ABOUT US
OUR STORES
FEATURES
Features
Collar Spotlight: #85 (Tony's Buttondown)
Introducing: Albini ViroFormula
Our Ascot Chang Polos
Collar Spotlight #14
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Cart
Close cart
Free worldwide shipping on safari jackets
Instagram
Facebook
Terms and ConditionsWelcome to the Ascot Chang website (www.ascotchang.com) owned and operated by Ascot Chang Co. Ltd. Please review the following terms and conditions of use, which govern your use of the site. Your use of the Website confirms your acceptance of these terms and conditions and your agreement to be bound by them. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, do not use this Website. In the event of a violation of these terms and conditions, Ascot Chang reserves the right to seek all remedies available by law and in equity. We may terminate your access or use of this Website at any time, for any reason or no reason and without prior notice to you. We may change or update these terms so please check this page regularly. SITE CONTENTNo material from the Ascotchang.com (hereafter referred to as “The Site”) may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way, except as specifically permitted on the Site. The Site, including all of its material and contents, such as data, icons, wallpaper, texts, characters, artwork, images, photographs, music, sound, messages, graphics, video clips, software and the HTML used to generate the pages (collectively, "Contents"), is Ascot Chang property and the copyrights, trademarks, and/or other intellectual property in such contents, are owned, controlled by Ascot Chang Co. Ltd. This Site and its Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Sites for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the Contents or the Sites. PRODUCT INFORMATIONOur goal is to provide complete, accurate, up-to-date information on our Web site. Unfortunately, it is not possible to ensure that any Web site is completely free of human or technological errors. This site may contain typographical mistakes, inaccuracies, or omissions, some of which may relate to pricing and availability, and some information may not be complete or current. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions -- including after an order has been submitted -- and to change or update information at any time without prior notice. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
WEBSITE IMAGESWe have made every effort to display accurately shapes and colours of products on this web site. The colours and shape of any product shown on your computer monitor may however differ from the actual product.
USER REGISTRATIONIn order to make purchases through the Site, you will be requested to register and provide your personal details. In particular, customers must provide their real name, phone number, e-mail address, shipping address and billing address as indicated. Furthermore, when ordering items, you will be required to provide payment details and you represent and warrant that the payment details you provide on ordering are both valid and correct and you confirm that you are the person referred to in the Billing Information provided. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for further information about how we use your data.
READY-TO-WEAR ORDERSPlease note that upon placing an order on Shop.Ascotchang.Com, a receipt is automatically mailed confirming the purchase intent. This receipt does not constitute a contract, and orders may be canceled at any time due to insufficient stock, inability to authorize a credit card, suspicion of fraudulent intent, discovery of an incorrect item price, or any other reason, as we see fit. Please further note that Ascot Chang shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has already been charged and your order is canceled, Ascot Chang shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITYWe make no representations or warranties, express or implied, with respect to this web site. Its content, and the information and services available on or through it, are provided "as is." Except as otherwise provided under applicable laws, we and our affiliates will not be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to the use of this web site. NO CONFIDENTIALITYExcept for data provided in relation to any purchases made on this web site, any data, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to us will be deemed non-confidential, and by submitting them, you grant us an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute them for any purpose whatsoever, with no payment or other compensation to you. However, we will not use your name unless we are required by law to identify the source of the materials, data, suggestions, ideas or comments, or unless we first obtain your permission.LEGALContracts for the purchase of products through our site will be governed by Hong Kong law. Any dispute arising from, or related to, such Contracts shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the competent Hong Kong courts of the place where Ascot Chang Co., Ltd.’s domicile is. If you are contracting as a consumer, nothing in this clause will affect your statutory rights as such.
How to Contact UsIf you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at the following e-mail address, mailing address or telephone number:customerservice@ascotchang.comAscotChang Co. Ltd.B520, Focal Industrial Centre21 Man Lok Street, HunghomKowloon, Hong KongTel : (852) 2364-4384CHANGES TO THese TERMS & CONDITIONsIf these Terms & Condition changes, the revised Terms & Condition will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically. This Terms & Condition was last updated on May 24, 2019.
Previous
Next
"Close (esc)"