http://www.igadget.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Skip to the content
Search for:
Close search
Close Menu
Home
About Us
FAQS
Contact Us
Latest updates
Specials
Information
Home
About Us
FAQS
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Business Hours
Office Hours: Monday to Friday 10.00am ~ 5:00pm. Closed on major Australian holidays.
Payment Methods
Visa, MasterCard or American ExpressDirect bank deposit to Commonwealth Bank of Australia.
GST
10% Goods and services tax is included for Australian customers.
Misc Information
Product listings, specifications, availability, and pricing are subject to change without notice. No responsibility is held for typographical content errors.Your privacy is our priority. We NEVER sell or trade your
information to anyone.
“iGadget.com.au” has provided this information so that you can be aware of your rights and also the Terms and Conditions surrounding the use of this site.
iGadget Australia Pty Ltd (“Site Owner”) maintains this site (the “Site”) for your personal entertainment, information, education and communication. Please feel free to browse the Site. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial; personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, report or use the contents of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio or video without the Site Owner’s written permission.
Your access and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreement between you and Site Owner are superseded and of no force or effect.
You should assume that everything you see or read on the Site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used without the written permission of Site Owner. Site Owner neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe the rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Site Owner.
While Site Owner uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up-to-date information on the Site, Site Owner neither warrants nor represents that your use of materials displayed on the Site will not infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Site Owner.
Your use and browsing of the Site is at your own risk. Neither Site Owner nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provide to you “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. Site Owner also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Images of people or places displayed in the Site are either property of, or used with permission by, Site Owner. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorised by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted by these Terms and Conditions or specific permission provided elsewhere in the Site. Any unauthorised use of the images may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes. The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) displayed on the Site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of Site Owner and others. Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of Site Owner or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed on the Site. Your misuse of the Trademarks displayed on the Site, or any other content of the Site, except as provided in these Terms and Conditions, is strictly prohibited. You’re are also advised that the Site Owner will aggressively enforce its intellectual property right to the fullest extent of the law, including the seeking of criminal prosecution.
Site Owner has not reviewed all of the sites linked to the Site and is not responsible for the contents of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to the Site. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk.
The Site Owner is not liable for any damages that may occur from the use or misuse of the products sold on the Site.
iGadget Australia Pty Ltd may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the the current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.