http://www.secretsinlace.com/legal
Home » legal
Legal Notices
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise indicated, this site and its contents (including, but not limited to, all text, photographs, images, video, and audio) are the exclusive property of Secrets In Lace Retail Group, Incorporated and are protected by copyright, trademark, trade dress, and other United States and International laws.
You may view and download a single copy of the material on this site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded or copied material is conveyed to you as a result of any such downloading or copying, and such downloaded or copied material may not be used for any commercial purpose, other than to purchase merchandise from us. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original material on any copy you make of the material on this site.
You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell, or otherwise exploit this site or any of its contents without our prior written permission.
The use of any portion of this material on any other Web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. Unauthorized use of this material violates copyright, trademark, and other laws. In addition, if you violate any of these terms, your permission to use the site material automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the material.
Secrets In Lace Retail Group, Incorporated will use all legal means to prosecute intellectual property violations to the fullest extent of the United States and International law.
Secrets In Lace, Remember … Keep the Romance Alive, Sophisticated Leg Fashions, Curvy Woman and SecretsInLace.com are registered and/or common law trademarks of Secrets In Lace Retail Group, Incorporated.
All rights reserved.
DITA VON TEESE are trademarks of Dita Von Teese and under exclusive license from Dita Von Teese, c/o Dishell Multimedia Group, 8306 Wilshire Blvd #833,Beverly Hills CA 90211
Bettie Page® is a trademark of Bettie Page LLC www.BettiePage.com
All other trademarks and service marks appearing in this site are the property of their respective owners.
Privacy Policy
SecretsInLace.com collects customer information to make your online shopping experience the very best on the Internet. We respect your privacy, and we assure you that we will maintain and use this information responsibly.
Information collected from our Web server is anonymous. It allows us to see which areas of SecretsInLace.com are most popular. This helps us to improve the quality of your online shopping experience by recognizing and delivering more of the products and services you prefer.
Information that you provide to us in areas such as Order Checkout, Join our email list and Request a Catalogue are maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems. SecretsInLace.com will not sell or release your email address or mailing address to any other parties.
Secure Commerce
SecretsInLace.com believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all of our customers. We provide only the most stringent of security measures available on the Internet. We want you to feel comfortable that personal information such as your name, address, and credit card number will be kept safe throughout your entire shopping experience at SecretsInLace.com.
It is our policy to never send private information, such as your credit card number, via email. In fact, this is a policy we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities. We designed SecretsInLace.com to accept orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) information security technology.
Take 20% Off
Your Next Online Purchase
Sign Up for Secrets In Lace
Glamour Mail
Receive Updates on New Arrivals, Restocks and More