http://www.jessicacosmetics.com/pages/legal-privacy
Skip to content
HomeAbout usNail TreatmentsTop and Base CoatsCustom Nail ColourGELeration ColoursPhenom Vivid ColourEffect ColoursZenspa PedicureHand & Cuticle CareAccessoriesKitsSALEContact Us
Account
Search
Cart
Spend $50 and get free shipping!
Your cart is empty
Free Shipping on orders over $50
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE OUR WEBSITE YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS. JESSICA COSMETICS INTERNATIONAL, INC.PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy will apply to the website that you are visiting, www.jessicacosmetics.com(the “Website”), which is owned by Jessica Cosmetics International, Inc.(the “Company”).
Company and its subsidiary companies respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting the information collected from you. We have adopted a corporate wide Privacy Policy that guides how we collect, store and use the information you provide online. Please note that this policy applies only to sites maintained by Company and its subsidiaries, and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link.
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Company at the email address or postal address specified on the Website.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
Our primary goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide you with the products and services made available through the Website, including, but not limited to our services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.
Information Collected Upon Registration: If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of theWebsite, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to Company. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for our services, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your full name,username,password,email address,address,telephone number,credit card number,professional license information (where applicable),and other information that you decide to provide us with.
Use of Contact Information: In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information aboutour products and services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Log Data: When you visit the Website, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website as Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the websites you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Website and of our Service, and for the Website’s technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.
Your Account: If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Company reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Cookies: We use cookies and other technologies to passively collect demographic information, personalize your experience on our site and monitor advertisements and other activities. Cookies are small files downloaded to your computer to track movements within web sites. We may link cookie information to personal information. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store or pages you have viewed. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage. We may link to sites that use cookies. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However some areas of our sites will not function properly if you do so. Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Company only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Other Technologies: Other technologies used include clear GIFs. Clear GIFs also known as web bugs, beacons or tags, are small graphic images placed on a web page, web-based document, or in an e-mail message. Clear GIFs are invisible to the user because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the web page, document or e-mail message. We do not use clear GIFs to collect personal information about you. However, we may use clear GIFs to capture statistical usage information for our web pages, features or other elements on a web page. We may correlate this information to a user to personalize user experience and for statistical analysis of user experiences on our web pages.
Third Party Services: Users may register for other services from our Website. Certain products and/or services available on our Website are provided to you in partnership with third parties’ and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services, your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third parties’ and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties’. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties’ and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties’ prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services.
Social Media:Our Website may link to or utilize social media sites, including but not limited to Facebook, Pinterest and Instagram. We not collect personal information through those websites without your consent. However, we are not responsible for the privacy of information you provide to the social media websites.
Service Providers: We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, payment services, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
Law Enforcement: We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Company or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Children: You must be 13 or older to use the Website. We do not wish to collect any information from persons who are under 14.
Business Transfers: We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
JESSICA COSMETICS INTERNATIONAL, INC. SALES TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Prices: All salon prices are exclusive of tax. Orders from the State of California are subject to tax. Although everyeffort will be made to maintain our prices, we reserve the right to amend them without prior notice.
Methods of Payment: While most of our customers prefer to pay by credit card (Visa, MC, Amex), we do offer C.O.D. payment for anadditional $11.00. UPS gladly accepts business checks or money orders.
Claims: For damaged or short delivery, the company must be notified within 48 hours delivery. Non-delivery must be notified within 7 days of order.
GELeration Returns: NO RETURNS ARE ACCEPTED ON GELeration.
Returns (other than GELeration). Products are not sold on a sale and return basis. However, in case where items have been ordered in error, we will accept return of goods (in perfect condition) and credit your account subject to a 20% restocking fee. Cancellation of orders after dispatch cannot be accepted. No returns on discontinued or sale items. No returns accepted unless authorized.
SHIPPING: We ship UPS ground to the contiguous United States only. If you need expedited shipping, please contact us at 818-759-1050 and ask to speak to a salesperson.
POLISH REMOVER 1 GALLON EXTRA SHIPPING CHARGE: HAZMAT requires an extra $21.00 charge on 1-4 Gallon size nail polish remover, plus an additional UPS charge of $7.00 per gallon.