http://www.niasat.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy | Network Innovation Associates
Any Network. Every Solution. 24/7 USA Based Support 386.675.0724 |Home | Contact Us | Request Quote
Satellite Internet
NIASAT Overview
Reseller Program
Oil, Gas, Pipeline, and SCADA
Government Satellite Internet & Custom Networking
Retail and Point of Sale
Business Satellite Internet
Satellite Coverage Maps
Network & PC Services
NIANET Overview
Secure and Efficient
SonicWALL Network Appliances
Support
Video Demos and Training
Blog Posts/News Room
Notifications
About Us and Policy Center
Contact Info and Feedback
Acceptable Use Policy
Mass Mailing Policy
End User Agreement
Contact Forms
Case Studies and Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Network Innovation Associates Inc., (“Network Innovation Associates Inc.”) is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important you know what information we collect and receive from you on the Network Innovation Associates Inc. Web Site (the “Web Site”) and how we will use it. This policy will also instruct you on what to do if you do not wish to continue receiving information from us.
1. Type of information collected
In general, you can visit Network Innovation Associates Inc. on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. For each visitor to our Web Site, Our web servers automatically recognize and collect only the user’s domain name, and not the individual user’s e-mail addresses, of visitors. Thus, the only way we usually obtain a visitor’s name, e-mail address or other personal information is when you provide it to us, such as through survey information and/or site registrations. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. Network Innovation Associates Inc. uses this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content of our site.
However, at times we may need other information from you, such as your name and address, usually, in order to respond to an inquiry from you, process an order or allow you to access your account information. When such information is needed, we will try to let you know at the time of collection, how we will use this personal information, although we do not guarantee that we will always be able to do so.
We may at times use a technology called cookies to provide you with tailored information. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a Web Site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie.
At times we conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will try to let you know how we will use the information at the time we collect information from you on the Internet.
2. Use of information collected
The information we collect is used to (i) determine the number of visitors to our site each day and the sources of such traffic, (ii) improve the content and layout of our Web Site, and (iii) contact businesses for marketing purposes. We do not sell, rent, lease or otherwise share the information we collect from you with other organizations for commercial purposes. Also, we do not partner or have special relationships with any ad server companies. Usually, the personal information we collect is used only by us to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access your account information.
3. Children
The Network Innovation Associates Inc. Web Site is not intended to attract children under the age of 18. Ordering on-line products and services from Network Innovation Associates Inc. is limited to adults. If a child submits information to us through any part of our site, and we know that person is under 18, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose or disclose it to third parties.
4. Data security
Network Innovation Associates Inc.’ Web Site contains several venues and forms through which visitors may send and request information. Unless we state otherwise, our on-line forms are not encrypted. Thus, persons who actively attempt to intercept web transmissions may be able to read information sent to us. However, electronic and managerial safeguards have been established to secure the information after it has been received.
5. Declining e-mail and other solicitations
If you do not wish to receive e-mail from Network Innovation Associates Inc. in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail to sales@niasat.com with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line. If you supply Network Innovation Associates Inc. with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address containing your exact name and address.
We may contact by phone those persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line to provide them with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address containing your name and telephone number. We will always attempt to promptly and correctly process your request.
6. E-mail sent to you
Normal e-mail sent to you by Network Innovation Associates Inc. is not encrypted. Network Innovation Associates Inc. is not responsible for the privacy of messages transmitted to you or your e-mail provider. Thus, persons who actively attempt to intercept Web transmissions may be able to read e-mail that we send you. If you ask us questions or make information requests via e-mail, you are authorizing Network Innovation Associates Inc. to respond to you in an unencrypted e-mail message that may contain private information about you previously submitted to us.
7. External Links
From time to time, the Web Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by Network Innovation Associates Inc. or its parent. Neither Network Innovation Associates Inc. nor any of its affiliates are responsible for the content or privacy policies of those sites and our on-line privacy policy does not apply to them. Such Web Sites may collect information from you, either through the use of Internet cookies or otherwise, and make uses of it that Network Innovation Associates Inc. would not. You should keep this in mind when accessing other sites through links on our Web Site. Also, neither Network Innovation Associates Inc. nor any of its affiliates are responsible for the content or privacy policies of any Internet site that links to our site.
8. User Consent
By using our Web Site, you consent to the collection and use of the information discussed above by Network Innovation Associates Inc. Any changes in our on-line privacy policy will be posted on this page so that you will always be aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web Site periodically. For any changes, we will only use data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
NIA Case Studies Click Here to View Recent Customer Case Studies and Testimonials
Contact Us
386.675.0724 support*niasat.com http://www.nia.us.com
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Sitemap
© Copyright 2004-2018
Network Innovation Associates, Inc.
All rights reserved.