http://www.ecampus.com/help/help-desk
Return My Rental
|
Marketplace
|
Customer Service
|
My Account
|
Cart (0)
Toggle navigation
Search
Cart (0)
Rent
Buy
Sell
eTextbooks
Quick Links
Return My Rental
Marketplace
Customer Service
My Account
Search
FREE SHIPPING On Orders Over $35!
Get $5 Off Your Order Text BOOKS to 87955
Top
IMPORTANT COVID-19 UPDATES
Help Desk
Most Asked Questions
How do I track my order shipment?
When will my order ship?
How can I get free shipping?
Will my rental come with an access card/CD/study guide/supplement?
How do I return my rental?
How do I extend my rental?
How do I sell my books?
How will I be paid for the books I'd like to sell?
What features do eTextbooks have?
I'm having trouble with my eTextbook/Courseware. What should I do?
Do It Yourself
Get a text message when your order ships
Print My Prepaid Return Shipping Label
Extend/Purchase My Rentals
Track My Order
Access My Digital Bookshelf
Questions About Payment or Charge
View My Order History
Contact Us
Start Live Chat
Email us
Browse All Questions and Answers
General Questions
About eCampus.com
Our History
What is the fastest and most convenient way to get a textbook into the hands of a college student?
To answer that question, a group of people began a series of meetings on January 20, 1999 and eCampus.com was born. The more we talked the more we came up with new ideas for service and convenience.
By February 1st we were writing code - including code for what we think was the first "traveling book bag" on the Internet. We incorporated on April 16, 1999 and began to move into our headquarters. eCampus.com officially went live at approximately 11:20 AM, Friday, July 2, 1999.
As the site grew in scope and capability others joined us. Development teams emerged. Designs and ideas were discussed, developed and adopted.
On July 18, 2001, eCampus.com experienced a "re-birth" when A Book Company, LLC, purchased the eCampus.com name and domain. Our commitment is as strong as ever to provide our customers with affordable textbooks and stuff - perhaps while having a little fun along the way.
Today, eCampus.com is a fully operational e-commerce business designed to provide the highest-quality products and services to students and campus communities wherever they happen to be. eCampus.com now offers the absolute widest online selection of textbook alternatives including purchasing new, used and digital textbooks from eCampus.com directly; buying from sellers on our student marketplace, or simply renting your textbooks for the semester.
Of course, the history of eCampus.com will never be fully written because our web-store will never be completely finished. We constantly improve the way our site works and the services and merchandise we can provide.
Investor Relations
eCampus.com is a subsidiary of A Book Company, LLC, a privately-owned company founded in 2001. For additional information, please contact Matt Montgomery at mmontgomery@ecampus.com.
Warehouse Bookstore
eCampus.com has a physical bookstore located in Lexington, Kentucky where local students can come in to pick up textbook orders and shop apparel and merchandise.
Visit the eCampus.com Warehouse Bookstore at:
2415 Palumbo Drive
Lexington, KY 40509
Phone: (859) 514-5212
Learn more about the eCampus.com Warehouse Bookstore.
New Customers
Why use eCampus.com?
eCampus.com is a premier etailer of new, used and electronic textbooks for sale or rent, study materials and book buyback services. Our goal is to provide students access to the largest selection of textbooks, at the lowest possible prices, supported by state-of-the-art customer service. Do you prefer to keep your books at the end of the semester? Buy Textbooks new or used for cheap! Do you want to save the most money up front? Rent Textbooks. It's an easy way to save hundreds of dollars each semester! Need instant access to your textbook? eTextbooks are for you! Decide you no longer need your purchased textbooks? Sell Textbooks through our simple book buyback service! Want to get rewarded for ordering your textbooks? Join eCampus.com eWards today!
We have all your textbook needs in one spot. Why would you shop for them anywhere else?
Creating an Account
When you buy or sell textbooks on eCampus.com, you will create an account during checkout.
Storing your account information with eCampus.com means you only have to enter it once, making future purchases faster and more convenient. Your account information is always protected by your email and password combination.
You can create your account by following these simple steps:
1. When you reach eCampus.com Secure Checkout enter your email address and password in the New Customers section of the sign in page. Click "Create Account" to continue checking out.
2. Once your account is created, you will be directed immediately to our Shipping and Billing Information page. This information is saved for convenience, though you can easily change it when making purchases in the future.
Searching for Textbooks
To find a specific textbook, we recommend searching by ISBN to ensure that you are getting the correct edition and format. This is a 13-digit number that can be found on the back of the book by the bar code as well as on the copyright page. If you don’t know the ISBN, try searching by the title or author of the textbook.
What is an ISBN?
An International Standard Book Number (ISBN) is a 10-digit or 13-digit number used to give every book its own identification label. You may be unsure of a book's full title, author, or year published, but if you know its ISBN, you can be sure you've got the right book. The ISBN is located on the back of the book by the bar code as well as on the copyright page.
What is your Privacy Policy?
eCampus.com is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. We make every effort to assure your confidentiality and to keep your trust. The information you provide us in your account is used to process orders and to assist us in providing you with a more personalized shopping experience. eCampus.com utilizes every available technology to ensure that your confidential information remains secure. eCampus.com holds your email address in strictest confidence. We do not sell, give away, or otherwise distribute your address to any third party unless you have given us permission through your account to do so. Learn More about our Privacy Policy.
Is my credit card safe?
We use the latest encryption technology to keep your information safe. We guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe. If your web browser doesn't permit a secure connection, eCampus.com will not accept your personal information including credit card numbers.
eCampus.com is also a VeriSign Secure Site ensuring the highest levels of security so you can be certain that our site is genuine, and that the information you provide us stays private and confidential. eCampus.com displays the VeriSign Secure Site Seal allowing you to check the web site Server ID's information and status in real time, and providing additional protection against the misuse of revoked and expired certificates. We also encourage you to review our Privacy Policy for more information.
Your Account
Create an Account
To create an account at eCampus.com, select the items you wish to purchase and proceed checkout. To continue through the checkout process, select the blue "Create Account" button. You should enter the email address and the password you would like to use for the account. Then click the blue "Create Account" button.
Signing In
To sign in to your existing account, enter your email address and password and click "Sign In". Once you are signed in, you will be able to access your order information and update your account settings.
Check Your Order Status
To check your order status, sign in to your My Account. On your dashboard you will see "Recently Ordered Items" or you can choose "My Orders" from the top menu to see older orders.
To view details on a particular order click the order number. This will show you a list of items purchased along with their current status. If the order has already shipped, the tracking number will also be available here.
Change Account Info, Email Address and Password
To change the email address we have on file, sign in to your My Account. Choose "My Account" from the top menu. Under "Account Information" select the grey "Edit" button. You can now edit your name, address, phone number, email address, password and the school you currently attend. Please make any necessary changes then click the orange "Save" button.
Please note: Changing your name, address or email address does not affect existing orders. Please contact us if you need to change the address on an open order.
Accessing Your eBookshelf
To access your eBookshelf, sign in to your My Account. Choose "My eBookshelf" from the top menu. Hover over the book cover for more information regarding your eBook, including current status and duration of your eBook. Click the book cover to gain access to your eBook.
Finding Your Rental Due Date
To find your rental due date, sign in to your My Account. Choose "My Orders" from the top menu. Clicking on the appropriate order number will display order details along with the rental due date for any rented items on the order.
Cancelling Your Order
You can submit a request to cancel your order prior to shipping by signing in to the My Account section of our website. Once signed in, select the "Help" tab from the top page menu. Select the “Email Us” link and complete the Contact Us form. For the topic, you will select “I need to cancel my order”. Please keep in mind that what you are submitting is only a request for cancellation; we will notify you by email once your request has been completed. If your order cannot be cancelled you may return it to us for a refund.
Payment Methods
Payment Methods Accepted
We currently accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and PayPal as a payment for purchases at eCampus.com.
At this time, we are not able to accept payment via PayPal for any orders containing textbook rentals.
Check or Money Order
Payments may also be made by check or money order, but are limited to purchases only (not eligible for rentals). Orders will not be processed in our system until the check or money order has cleared our financial institution. If you would like to place your order in this method, we will need the following information:
ISBN of the item you would like to order.
Title of the ISBN.
Quantity of the ISBN you would like to order.
Your Shipping Address.
Your Shipping Method preference.
A contact email address and phone number.
Send the above information along with your payment to:
eCampus.com
Attn: Order Department
2415 Palumbo Drive
Lexington, KY 40509
For information on how to pay with a check or money order, please contact our customer service department.
NOTE: Orders paid for by check or money order will not be processed or shipped until payment clears our financial institution.
Purchase Order Agreement
At eCampus.com we allow our shoppers to pay through purchase order agreements. If you haven't already established an account with us, you'll need to fill out one of the forms below and email it to bulksales@ecampus.com. Once your account is set up, you can fill out our order form and choose the Purchase Order payment option.
For privately funded Agencies/Companies, use this
Credit Application.
For Government/State Funded Agencies, use this
Credit Application.
If you have an existing account, please use this
Order Form.
Gift Cards
eCampus.com accepts gift cards. To redeem your gift card, input the gift card code in the coupon box during checkout. The total gift card amount will be deducted from your order total. To purchase gift cards, visit our gift certificates page to purchase in denominations of $25, $50 or $100.
What is a Security Code?
The security code is a type of authentication established by credit card companies to further efforts towards reducing fraudulent internet transactions. It consists of requiring a card holder to enter the security code at the time of the transaction to verify that the card is present.
Visa & MasterCard: This number is printed on your card in the signature area on the back of the card.
American Express: This number is printed on the front of your card. (It is the last 4 digits).
Storing your Billing Information
To make future purchases quick and easy, we can save credit card information securely. If you would like to save your credit card information for future purchases, check the box next to "Save Card?" in the Payment Method section of checkout. If you choose to save your credit card information you will be required to re-enter your security code during your next purchase as a security measure.
You always have the option to not store your credit card information. Simply leave the box unchecked next to "Save Card?".
Renting Books
How To Rent
We call it the 4 "R's": RENT, RECEIVE, READ and RETURN!
1. RENT - Find the books you need, select the amount of time you would like to rent it for, add it to
your cart, and checkout.
2. RECEIVE - At checkout, select from a variety of shipping methods: Economy 4-8 business days shipping, Standard 3-5 business days shipping, 2 business days shipping, or 1 business day
shipping. Most orders ship within 48 hours. On rare occasions, the shipping
time frame may be longer.
3. READ - You are free to use the textbook for the term period
you selected: semester, quarter or short term. You may purchase or extend your rental at any time through your My Account.
4. RETURN - Sign in to your My Account and follow the prompts under "Manage My Rentals/Returns" to print your free UPS return shipping label and packing slip. Pack your book(s) securely and drop off at any UPS location.
NOTE: Supplemental materials such as access cards, study guides, lab manuals, CDs, etc. are not
guaranteed to be included with any rental or used book purchase.
We do not offer rentals to Alaska or Hawaii.
Rental Agreement
This Rental User Agreement is considered to be a contract between you and GB Rentals, LLC. By placing an order you agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, our privacy policy, our terms of use, and any other documents incorporated into the website. You agree that this User Agreement is legally binding between you and GB Rentals, LLC. GB Rentals, LLC may modify this agreement from time to time. Any modification shall be effective upon posting on the website. You agree to be bound to any changes to this agreement when you use the website or the service after the change is posted.
In connection with your rental order, you will select a rental return date. The rental return date will appear on your order confirmation as well as in the order details displayed in the My Account section of the eCampus.com website. By placing your rental order with eCampus.com, you agree to use eCampus.com’s online rental returns process and to return the rented merchandise to eCampus.com using the printable, prepaid UPS shipping label that is provided as part of that process. You agree that failing to use eCampus.com online rental returns process and/or the provided shipping label may cause delays and additional fees to be assessed. You agree that you are responsible for remembering the rental return date and returning the rental to us within the timeframe specified.
A valid, active credit or debit card which is tied to a financial institution is required for any rental transaction. eCampus.com accepts Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. You hereby acknowledge and agree that eCampus.com may charge you for any lost, stolen, or damaged books associated with your account. eCampus.com will charge an additional amount to your credit or debit card if you choose to buy any rented book at any time during the rental period. By using eCampus.com, you agree to the storing of your credit or debit card information and you also agree to any additional charges specified in this agreement or on this website, including, without limitation, the new list price as indicated on our site at the time of the charge resulting from damage, lost or stolen books, auto-extensions, and/or unreturned books. You agree that we may, at our sole discretion, send your account to a collection agency if you fail to pay all fees due to eCampus.com. You agree that eCampus.com may use any information you have voluntarily provided to contact you regarding any rental item that has not been successfully returned to our facility.
You agree not to hold eCampus.com responsible in the event eCampus.com does not credit or debit your credit or debit card for a period of time due to circumstances beyond our control. eCampus.com makes no guarantees regarding the processing time for charges.
You agree to keep your credit card or debit card in good standing during the term of your rental. eCampus.com reserves the right to charge your card a fee of any amount leading up to but not exceeding the new list price as indicated on our site at the time of the charge for a book that is not returned by the established due date. eCampus.com reserves the right to attempt a re-charge of a declined credit/debit card periodically, at any time and for any number of attempts, to collect amounts outstanding on your account. Additionally, if the primary credit/debit card on file with your account is declined, eCampus.com reserves the right to charge any of the other credit/debit cards you may have on file with your account. eCampus.com is not responsible for overdraft or other penalties/fees a customer may incur for such charges (or attempted charges). If, after these attempts, the amounts owed are still not paid, then eCampus.com reserves the right to place you into collection status. Collections may be done by eCampus.com or a third party on eCampus.com’s behalf.
Once the book is in your possession, you are responsible for its condition. Damage to a rented book is defined as any condition that makes the book unusable as a future rental. Such conditions include any water damage, a broken spine, missing pages, missing or torn covers, excessive highlighting (more than one third of the content), excessive or inappropriate notes or any other such condition that makes the book unsuitable for future use. A fee will be charged to the credit card on file of any customer returning a damaged book and the book will NOT be returned to you. The fee will be assessed at the discretion of eCampus.com and may up to the replacement fee of the book
Rental Period
You are free to use the textbook for the rental period you selected when ordering: Semester, Quarter or Short Term. If you need to extend your rental at any time, you can do so for an additional fee within your eCampus.com account.
Extending Your Rental
To extend your eCampus.com rental:
1. Sign in to your eCampus.com Account.
2. Select Manage My Rentals/Returns.
3. Select Purchase or Extend.
4. Next to the book you wish to extend, choose the number of extra days you need from the drop down menu. You may choose between 15, 30, 60, 90 and 130 days.
5. Select an existing billing address from the drop down or enter a new billing address. Then, click Continue.
6. Choose an existing card or enter new card information to pay for the rental extension. Then, click Continue.
7. Make sure you are happy with your new rental due date and click Place Order.
Purchasing Your Rental
To purchase your eCampus.com rental:
1. Sign in to your eCampus.com Account.
2. Select Manage My Rentals/Returns.
3. Select Purchase or Extend.
4. Next to the book you wish to extend, choose the Purchase option from the drop down menu.
5. Select an existing billing address from the drop down or enter a new billing address. Then, click Continue.
6. Choose an existing card or enter new card information to pay for the rental extension. Then, click Continue.
7. Review the information on purchasing your rental and click Place Order.
Returning Your Rental
To return your eCampus.com rental:
1. Sign in to your My Account.
2. Select Manage My Rentals/Returns.
3. Select Return My Rental for Free.
4. Select the rentals you are returning and click Print Label & Complete Return.
5. Print your prepaid UPS shipping label and packing slip and drop your rental return off at any UPS location.
Note: In connection with your rental order, you will select a
rental return date. The rental return date will appear on your order confirmation as well as in the order details displayed in the "Current Orders" section of your My Account. By placing your rental order
with eCampus.com, you agree to use eCampus.com's online rental return process and to return your rental to eCampus.com using the prepaid UPS shipping label provided. You agree that failing to use eCampus.com's online rental return process and/or the provided prepaid UPS shipping label may result in you not getting credit for your rental
return.
You agree that you are responsible for remembering the rental return date and returning the rental to us within the time frame specified. We reserve the right to charge your credit card a fee of any amount up to but not exceeding the new list price of the book as indicated on our site at the time of the charge for a book that is not returned.
We are not responsible for incorrect items returned to our distribution center. We will make all reasonable efforts to alert you if an incorrect item is received in our distribution center. Incorrect items delivered to our distribution center will be held for no more than five business days. If you do not contact eCampus.com customer service within this time frame and resolve the matter or any outstanding rental matter, the item will be considered permanently and irrevocably abandoned by you. The abandoned item will be recycled, donated or disposed of in a manner of eCampus.com's choosing.
Damages to Books
Once the rental is in your possession, you are responsible for its condition. Damage to a rented book is defined as any condition that makes the book unusable as a future rental. Such conditions include any liquid or water damage, a broken spine, missing pages, missing or torn covers, excessive highlighting (more than one third of the content), excessive or inappropriate notes or any other such condition that makes the book unsuitable for future use.
A fee will be charged to the credit card on file of any customer returning a damaged book. The damaged book will not be returned to you. The fee will be assessed at the discretion of eCampus.com and may be up to the replacement cost of the book.
If you order a rental from eCampus.com and receive it in poor or damaged condition, please contact our customer service department immediately.
Claims regarding the receipt of a damaged item must be made within 30 days of the shipment date in order for the claim to be considered.
Supplemental Materials
Most of our rental books are in used condition so we cannot guarantee that supplemental materials will be included with your rental. This could include CD’s, access codes, access cards, flash cards, study guides, etc. If supplemental materials are included with your rental, we cannot guarantee that they have not already been used. If you receive your rental without these supplemental materials, they can typically be purchased separately from the publisher.
Used Books
Used Book Conditions
A used book is considered in good condition even
when it contains highlighting, margin notes and/or other markings.
Books in our used inventory are not guaranteed to include supplemental materials such as CD’s, access codes, access cards, flash cards, study guides, etc. If you need any of these supplemental materials, we recommend purchasing the textbook in new condition.
eTextbooks/Courseware
Can I purchase an eTextbook if I am outside of the United States?
Currently, you must be in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, or on a U.S. Military base to use a VitalSource eTextbook. If you live on a U.S. Military base, you must contact VitalSource customer service at 1-866-588-3197 to set up your VitalSource account.
Once the eTextbook has been purchased and downloaded within any of the locations listed above, the customer can travel outside the country and still have access to their VitalSource eTextbook.
What is your eTextbook/Courseware refund policy?
To be considered for a refund, your digital purchase must meet all of the following criteria:
- You purchased your eTextbook/Courseware within the last 2 weeks.
- You have not viewed or printed more than 20% of your eTextbook.
- Your eTextbook must be in online mode (cannot be in offline mode).
- If you ordered Courseware, there are NO REFUNDS after the access code is revealed regardless of the date purchased or if the code has been used.
For more information, please read our eTextbook return policy.
Will my eTextbook include any supplemental material like access codes, CD's, passkeys, etc.?
We cannot guarantee supplemental materials that might be included with a new textbook purchase such as access codes, DVDs, CD-ROMs, Study Guides, etc. will be included with your eTextbook purchase.
System Requirements
Read your textbooks on any computer, tablet or mobile phone. VitalSource Bookshelf is compatible with both Macs and PCs as well as iOS, Android, Kindle Fire, and Chromebook devices.
Do I need to download software to view my eTextbook?
You may access your books through Bookshelf online without downloading the Bookshelf application if you have an internet connection. If you wish to access your books offline, you will need to download the Bookshelf application by clicking HERE.
How do I access my eTextbook(s) or Courseware?
After placing your order, your digital product will be added to your My Account Digital Bookshelf within 24 hours. Clicking the link on the order confirmation page will take you directly to your Digital Bookshelf. From here, click More Details for instructions accessing.
Please note: If this is your first eTextbook, you may be asked to agree to VitalSource’s Terms and Conditions.
What if this is my first VitalSource eTextbook?
When you subscribe to your first VitalSource eTextbook, you will be asked to create a VitalSource account. Your email address will serve as your username and you will be asked to create a password. Use this information to sign in to the VitalSource site every time you want to access your eTextbook.
If you purchased Courseware, you will see a pop-up to Reveal your code. You will need to use this code on the appropriate product website to gain access to your content.
Can I access my eTextbook on more than one device?
There are no limits to the number of devices used when viewing your VitalSource eBook online. However, only one instance of your ebook can be open at any given time. When viewing your eBook offline, you are able to access your ebook on two mobile devices and two computers/laptops.
Returns
Return Policy
Purchased books can be returned within 25 days of the ship date. To return a book you purchased from eCampus.com, sign in to your My Account, click "Manage My Rentals/Returns" and select "Return for a Refund". Next to the item you want to return, select the quantity to return from the dropdown menu and choose your reason for returning. Click "Print Label & Complete Return" to get your return shipping label and packing slip.
Most rental books can also be returned for a refund within 25 days of the ship date. However, short term rentals must be returned within 15 days of the ship date in order to be eligible for a refund. If you are returning a rental book, sign in to your My Account, click "Manage My Rentals/Returns" and select "Return My Rental for Free".
Returned items will receive a refund for the book (minus the shipping charges and a 10% restocking fee) if they are received and checked in to our distribution center within the allotted return period. Items that are returned to eCampus.com after the 25 day period are not eligible for a refund. Note: eBooks and access codes are non-refundable.
Returned items must be received to eCampus.com in the condition of original shipment. Shrink-wrapped items cannot be returned if the wrapping is broken, unless the items are defective. We will not accept items for return with open diskette packages, access codes, CD-ROM's, DVD's, and CD's. Any returned item that does not meet our return expectations may not be accepted.
Return compensation will be applied to the original method of payment used within 30 days of the receipt of your item(s).
Marketplace Returns
Books or merchandise purchased through the eCampus.com Marketplace may not be returned to our Distribution Center for processing or refunds. If you need to return a Marketplace purchase, please contact the seller directly for permission and return instructions. Sellers may be contacted by signing in to your eCampus.com My Account. The seller contact link will be listed as the seller name below the title of the item purchased.
Rental Returns
Most of the items you rent from eCampus.com can be returned for a refund (excluding shipping charges and 10% restocking fee.) Items must be received in our returns facility within 25 days of the original ship date to be eligible for this refund. For short-term rentals, items must be received in our facility within 15 days of the ship date. Returned items must be in the condition of original shipment. Shrink-wrapped items cannot be returned if the wrapping is broken. We will not accept items for return if you open diskette packages, CD-ROM's, DVD's, and CD's. Any returned item that does not meet our return expectations may not be accepted and recycled.
To return your rental, simply sign in to your My Account and select "Manage My Rentals" to initiate your rental return. From there, select "Rental My Rental for Free" and print your packing slip and your prepaid UPS return shipping label.
eBook Returns
Due to the nature of the item, eBook purchases are typically not eligible for return or refund under any circumstances as stated in your shopping cart, during the checkout process and other areas of our website. Also, we cannot guarantee that supplements that might be included with a new textbook purchase such as DVDs, CD-ROMs, Study Guides, passkeys to alternate websites, etc, will be included with your eBook purchase. We apologize if this causes any inconvenience.
eBook Refunds will be evaluated on a case by case basis. To be considered for a refund, your eBook must meet all of the following criteria:
-You purchased your eBook within the last 2 weeks.
-You have not viewed or printed more than 20% of your eBook.
-Your eBook must be in online mode (cannot be in offline mode).
How To Send Us Your Returns
Be sure to pack your items carefully for shipment so they will not be damaged in transit. We recommend returning your items via UPS Ground or insured mail. Make sure that you keep a copy of the tracking number for your records.
To return a book you PURCHASED from eCampus.com, sign in to your My Account, click "Manage My Rentals/Returns" and select "Return for a Refund". Next to the item you want to return, select the quantity to return from the drop down menu and choose your reason for returning. Click "Print Label & Complete Return" to get your return shipping label and packing slip.
If you are returning a RENTAL book, sign in to your My Account, click "Manage My Rentals/Returns" and select "Return My Rental for Free".
eCampus.com is not responsible for any books or merchandise lost or damaged en route to our Distribution Center.
Shipping
Shipping Rates & Options
Standard Shipping (6-10 business days after date of shipment)
$4.00 per shipment + $1.25 per item
Items may be shipped by a variety of carriers
Items may be shipped to APO/FPO and PO Box addresses
(Except on rental orders)
Some carriers may deliver on Saturday
Shipments to Hawaii and Alaska may take 2 to 4 weeks for delivery.
ALERT: Your order may be subject to COVID-19 related delays from the shipping carrier when choosing this shipping method.
Expedited Ground Shipping (3-5 business days after date of shipment)
$5.00 per shipment + $2.99 per item
No weekend delivery
No PO Boxes or APO/FPO
No shipments to US Territories (Guam, Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico)
No shipments to Alaska or Hawaii
Two Day Shipping (2 business days after date of shipment)
$14.00 per shipment + $3.99 per item
No weekend delivery
No PO Boxes or APO/FPO
No shipments to US Territories (Guam, Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico)
Alaska and Hawaii add $10.00 per shipment
Not available for Marketplace items
One Day Shipping (1 business day after date of shipment)
$23.00 per shipment + $6.99 per item
No weekend delivery
No PO Boxes or APO/FPO
No shipments to US Territories (Guam, Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico)
Alaska and Hawaii add $15.00 per shipment
Not available for Marketplace items
UPS Express (Canada)
$43.99 per shipment + $5.99 per item
2-3 business days after date of shipment
Recipient is responsible for import fees due upon delivery. (taxes, duties, tariffs, etc)
UPS Express (All Other Countries)
$49.99 per shipment + $5.99 per item
2-3 business days after date of shipment
Recipient is responsible for import fees due upon delivery. (taxes, duties, tariffs, etc)
Free Shipping Offer
We are currently offering free shipping on all orders over $35*. To receive free shipping you will need to select "Standard Shipping" as your shipping preference during checkout.
ALERT: Your order may be subject to COVID-19 related delays from the shipping carrier when choosing this shipping method.
*Bulk sales, PO's, Marketplace Items, eBooks, Apparel and DVD's are not included in the free shipping offer.
Tracking Your Package
We will notify you with your tracking number when your package is shipped out of our distribution center. You can click the link provided in the email or use one of the links listed below to track your shipment:
U.S. Postal Service Delivery Confirmation:Online: http://www.usps.com/shipping/trackandconfirm.htmPhone: 1-800-ASK-USPS (1-800-275-8777)
UPS Package Tracking:Online: http://www.ups.com/tracking/tracking.htmlPhone: 1-800-PICK-UPS (1-800-742-5877)
When can I expect delivery?
To calculate when an item will be delivered, add the availability time of an item to the delivery time of the shipping option you selected. We use the following equation: Availability Time + Delivery Method Ship Time = Total Delivery Time
Example: A book that is available to ship in 2 to 3 days (appears as In Stock: Usually ships in 2-3 days) and is sent via Two Day Shipping will arrive in a total of 4 to 5 business days.
Please Note: Business days are Monday through Friday. Orders will not be shipped on Saturdays and Sundays. Availability estimates are the anticipated time (in business days) it will take us to acquire an item once you place your order. You will need to consider the shipment groupings as well as the shipping time, when calculating total delivery time.
AVAILABILITY ESTIMATE
"In-Stock. Ships..." - Usually Ships out in - 1-2 business day
"Currently Available Ships in..." - Usually Ships out in - Listed number of business days
"Special Order..." - Usually Ships out in - 1-2 Weeks
"Demand Printing" - Usually Ships out in - 4-6 Weeks
"Currently Unavailable" - Usually Ships out in - Not available for purchase on site
"Coming Soon or Not Yet Printed" - Usually Ships out in - Scheduled for release by publisher, but is currently not available until released
Selling Books
Selling Your Books To Us
Our buyback service is intended for students who wish to sell their textbooks and other books used for personal reading. Dealers, wholesalers, independent buyers, etc. must contact us at buybacks@ecampus.com. Selling your used books to eCampus.com gets you top dollar and enables us to pass the
savings on to you and other students. The more used books we have on our site,
the more opportunities you have to save money. Period.
1. See How Much You Can Get for Your Books:
Visit our Sell Textbooks page. Enter the ISBNs for any books you want to sell and click "Get Quote".
We will let you know if we can buy your books and how much we will pay for each one
(provided they meet the criteria stated in the Book Conditions section). Each quote is good for 7 calendar days.
Quantities of 10 or more of a single title require authorization. Please contact us at buybacks@ecampus.com for authorization. Unauthorized quantities will be returned to the customer at the customers expense.
2. Sell Your Books:
To accept our offer, you'll need to submit a Buyback order. Follow the steps
listed above, check the "Add to Buyback List" for each book you want
to sell, and then submit your Buyback order. You will be required to provide us
with your shipping address and an email address. We offer three payment options: 1) check; 2) direct deposit; and 3) in-store credit. *Note: All buyback orders paid via check will incur a $2.00 fee. Once your Buyback order
is submitted, we'll display your Buyback Confirmation Number. Be sure to print
out two copies of this page and include one when you ship us your books. The
other will be for your own records.
Most importantly we pay for shipping. At checkout, we provide a
prepaid UPS shipping label for you to print.
Please make sure to follow the mailing instructions as outlined on the mailing label
provided in order to properly pack and ship your items. Important: Pack your books carefully so they are not damaged in transit.
3. Send Us Your Books
Your books must be postmarked within 7 days from the date you submitted your Buyback
Order to guarantee the quoted buyback price. If you do not send your books to
us within 7 days, your Buyback Order will automatically expire and you will
need to submit a new order. Buyback prices change as book demand changes.
Be sure you've included a printed copy of your Buyback Confirmation. Attach the
completed UPS Buyback mailing label to your package, then drop it off at a UPS location near you.
eCampus.com reserves the right to rescind any buyback order at any time prior to issuing payment.
Getting Paid
You will be able to choose from four payment options: PayPal, in-store credit, check or direct deposit.
Once we receive your books and verify that they meet our
criteria stated in the Book Conditions section below . Buyback processing may
take 3 to 5 weeks from the date your books are checked-in at our receiving facility. During end of semester
seasons where buybacks occur more frequently, payments may be issued outside of
the normal processing period. Books sold via our buyback program cannot be
returned under any circumstance. Please note that unacceptable books will not be returned.
Our Pricing
The price we offer for a used book is based on
its future value. The most important determining factor is whether a book is
being reused from semester to semester. Demand for the book and how many copies
we currently have in stock also determine value. The earlier you sell back your
books, the more they're worth and the more likely it is that we'll buy them.
Book Conditions
We can only purchase books in Good condition or better. Items listed on our "Sell Textbook" page as package
editions must arrive with all items intact or it will not be accepted.
We DO NOT accept teacher editions, instructor editions, international editions, and other like editions.
Books we will consider to be in Good condition will not have the following:
-Excessive writing, marking or highlighting
-Stains or water damage
-Missing, torn or loose pages
-Detached or broken spine
Making Changes To Your Order
If you want to make changes to your order before sending us your books, please
submit a new Buyback order. Your original order will automatically expire after
7 days, so there is no need to cancel it. Be aware that if the books you send
us don't match the books listed on your Buyback Confirmation, your check will
be delayed.
When Things Go Wrong
As long as your package has been scanned and is tracking with UPS within 7 days, your prices are guaranteed. If you don't make it to UPS in time,
just submit a new Buyback order (see "Making Changes to Your Order" above). If we receive books on an expired order we'll do our best to buy them
and issue you payment, but they will be subject to the current buyback prices.
Any books received that can't be sold (due to poor condition, because they were
mailed after the 7 day required postmark deadline, or because the book received
was different than the book listed on your buyback order) will be destroyed. We DO NOT accept teacher editions, instructor editions, international editions, and other like editions.
Buybacks that are received with items missing from what is expected will be processed in
our system as received. Missing items will be deleted from the buyback and
payment will be issued only for the items received. If you feel that
items may have been lost in transit, please contact our Buyback Specialist at buybacks@ecampus.com for further
information.
Selling on the Marketplace
You can also list your books on the eCampus.com Marketplace. You choose your own selling price and provide information on the condition of the book. Your books will appear on eCampus.com under our Marketplace listings.
Visit our
help section for more information.
Terms & Conditions
1. eCampus.com's buyback service is intended for students who wish to sell their textbooks and other books used for personal reading. Dealers, wholesalers, independent buyers, etc. must contact us at buybacks@ecampus.com for prior authorization.
2. Buyback quotes expire 7 days after the quote date. To keep your current quote value, the UPS shipping label must be scanned and tracking with UPS within 7 days of original quote.
3. eCampus.com reserves the right to rescind any buyback order determined to be in violation of any stated eCampus.com policy.
4. eCampus.com does not purchase books of questionable origin. All persons selling books to eCampus.com must have clear title to said books. Proof of ownership may be required.
5. Your account information is required to have accurate legal names, physical addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses. The use of aliases may result in your account being suspended.
6. Books determined to be potentially inauthentic or suspicious in origin will be forwarded to the publisher for verification. As a result, payment will be delayed or denied and the book(s) will not be returned to you.
7. In the event that any book sold to eCampus.com is forwarded to the publisher for verification, we will share your account information with the book publishers, their lawyers and other relevant authorities.
Buying on the Marketplace
What is the Marketplace?
eCampus.com allows third-party individuals and volume sellers to list their inventory through our Marketplace. Your payment is processed by eCampus.com so your banking information is never made available to our Marketplace sellers. Marketplace sellers have 2 business days after the order is placed to ship the order to you. Marketplace items can only be shipped to addresses within the continental United States. Items may vary from the eCampus.com description so please be aware of the Marketplace seller's comments prior to ordering.
Contacting the Seller
You can contact the seller at any time through your My Account. To access this feature, sign in to your My Account and select "My Orders". Click the appropriate order number and you should see the "Contact Seller" link.
Leaving Feedback
After completing a Marketplace purchase, you have the option to leave feedback for the Marketplace seller you purchased from. You can rate your buying experience from 1 to 5 stars (with 5 stars being excellent and 1 star being poor) as well as leave comments that the seller can respond to. All ratings and comments are visible to future customers so please provide clear, constructive feedback that will be helpful to the next buyer, not personal comments.
Buyer Protection Policy
Buyer Protection Policy
As a buyer on our Marketplace, there may be times when a purchased item does not meet your expectations. We want you to know eCampus.com is here to help when this happens and we have put in place a Buyer Protection Policy to protect you as a buyer.
Here's what you should expect when purchasing from the Marketplace:
1. From the date of your order, the seller has two (2) business days to confirm your order.
2. You'll receive a ship confirmation email when the seller ships your order. Tracking information along with the seller's contact information will be provided in that email and will also be available in your eCampus.com account.
3. If you have not received a ship confirmation email within two (2) business days your order will automatically be cancelled by eCampus.com and you will be issued a full refund back to your original form of payment within 5-7 business days.
How To Contact A Seller
If you have questions once you place your order, you can contact the seller through your eCampus.com My Account.
1. Sign in to your eCampus.com My Account.
2. Click "My Orders".
3. Select the appropriate order number.
4. Click the Contact Seller button.
5. Enter your message you would like to send the seller.
6. Click the Send Email button.
If you don't receive a response from the seller within 2 business days please contact us at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will work quickly to help resolve your issue.
Issues Covered Under the Buyer Protection Policy
Your order was cancelled.
There are two possible reasons why your order was cancelled:
1. The seller cancelled the order because they no longer have the book in stock.
2. eCampus.com cancelled the order because the seller did not confirm and ship the order within the allotted two (w) business days.
Cancelled orders are refunded back to the original method of payment used within 5-7 business days.
Tracking information is missing or is incorrect.
If the tracking information is missing or incorrect, you should contact the seller and ask them to provide the tracking information for your order. If the seller doesn't respond to your email, please contact us at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will help to resolve your issue.
Your book is taking longer than expected.
If it has been over 20 business days since you placed your order, please contact us at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will issue a full refund on the order.
Your book was damaged during shipment.
We provide sellers with instructions on how to securely pack and ship Marketplace orders. Additionally, we encourage sellers to insure their packages with the shipping carrier. If your book was damaged during shipment, please contact the seller to resolve the issue. If a resolution cannot be reached, contact us at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will help to resolve your issue.
The condition of the book is different than how the seller described it.
We rely on the seller to be honest when describing the items they have for sale. If the book was received in a condition different than the seller originally listed it, please contact the seller to resolve the issue. If a resolution cannot be reached, contact us at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will help to resolve your issue.
The ISBN of the book is different than what you ordered.
Sellers are required to list their book under the ISBN printed on the back of the book by the publisher. If the ISBN of the book you received does not match the ISBN of the book you ordered, please contact the seller to resolve the issue. If a resolution cannot be reached, contact us at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will help to resolve your issue.
Helpful Tips
We ask that you first attempt to contact the seller with any issue that occurs with your Marketplace order. Please give the seller 2 business days to respond to your request before contacting our customer service team.
If you have filed a dispute or initiated a chargeback with your financial institution then it is possible you may be excluded from our Buyer Protection Policy.
You have a maximum of 25 business days from the date of your order to file an Incident Inquiry Form.
Deception and Fraud
The Buyer Protection Policy is in place to protect our customers. Any attempt to abuse this policy will be investigated further. eCampus.com reserves the right to suspend the membership of any buyer or seller we feel has attempted to commit fraud by abusing this policy for personal gain. eCampus.com also reserves the right to withhold payment from the seller, debit the seller's checking account, or charge a seller's credit card in order to recover damages related to fraud. In addition, abuse of this policy is a criminal offense and violators will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
After I Submit an Incident Inquiry Form
Once you submit an Incident Inquiry, eCampus.com will attempt to contact the seller to resolve your issue. If a response is not received within 2 business days or a resolution is not reached, eCampus.com will issue a full refund back to the original method of payment within 5-7 business days.
Click here to submit an Incident Inquiry Form.
Frequently Asked Questions
How do I know if my Marketplace order has shipped?
You can find out if your Marketplace order has shipped through your eCampus.com account. Sign in, click on My Orders and then click the appropriate order number. If the Status of your Marketplace Order is "Order Processing" the seller has been notified of your order and has two (2) business days from when the order was placed to confirm and ship your order. If the status is Order Shipped, your order has shipped. You also receive an email from eCampus.com when your order ships.
How do I locate the tracking number for my Marketplace order once it has shipped?
You can locate the tracking number for your Marketplace order two ways.
The first is through your eCampus.com account. Sign in, click on My Orders and then click the appropriate order number.
If a tracking number was provided by the seller it will be located under Item Description. If there is not a tracking number provided or the tracking number provided is invalid, please click the Contact Seller link under Item Description to request a valid tracking number from the seller. Please give the seller two (2) business days to respond with a valid tracking number. If they fail to do so, please contact our customer service at marketplace@ecampus.com for further assistance.
The second is through the email you receive from eCampus.com when your order ships. If a tracking number was provided by the seller it will be included in the email. If there is not a tracking number provided or the tracking number provided is invalid, contact the seller with the contact information also provided in the email. Please give the seller two (2) business days to respond with a valid tracking number. If they fail to do so, please contact our customer service at marketplace@ecampus.com for further assistance.
What if my Marketplace order never came?
If it has been over 20 business days since you placed the order and you have not received it, contact our customer service at marketplace@ecampus.com and we will refund the order immediately.
How do I cancel my Marketplace order?
Marketplace orders can only be cancelled by the seller prior to shipment. To request a cancellation, contact the seller through your eCampus.com account. Sign in, click on My Orders and then click the appropriate order number. From there, click the Contact Seller link to request a cancellation. You can also contact the seller using the contact information provided in the order confirmation email you receive from eCampus.com. Note: eCampus.com can’t guarantee that the seller will honor your request to cancel your order. This decision is at the discretion of the seller.
What if my Marketplace order is not what I ordered or in a different condition than what I ordered?
All Marketplace returns are at the discretion of the seller and must be agreed upon by the seller before the book can be returned. You can contact the seller through your eCampus.com account. Sign in, click on My Orders and then click the appropriate order number. Under Item Description, click the Contact Seller link. You can also find the seller’s contact information in the order confirmation and order shipment confirmation emails you receive from eCampus.com.
If you are unable to resolve the matter with the seller, please contact our customer service at marketplace@ecampus.com for further assistance.
What if the Marketplace seller doesn’t respond?
We ask that you allow the seller two (2) business days to respond to your inquiry. If you do not receive a response within two (2) business days, please contact our customer service at marketplace@ecampus.com for further assistance.
When will I receive my refund for my Marketplace order?
Once a refund is processed by eCampus.com please allow 5-7 business days for the refund to reflect back to the original method of payment used.
Selling on the Marketplace
What is the Marketplace?
eCampus.com allows third-party individuals and volume sellers to list their inventory through our Marketplace. The registration process is simple and there are no start-up fees, listing fees or payment processing fees associated with having an account. eCampus.com will take a 15% commission from the sale of each item. eCampus.com processes payment from the buyer.
All Seller payments are issued weekly via direct deposit. If you do not sell anything through the Marketplace, then you do not owe us anything. By selling on the eCampus.com Marketplace, you are agreeing to the eCampus.com Marketplace Seller Agreement.
Getting Started
Getting started on the eCampus.com Marketplace is easy. Once you create your
Marketplace Account, you will need to list your inventory. You may list items individually or by using one of our inventory management solutions for volume sellers. Your inventory will take approximately an hour to become live on our site.
Once an item sells, eCampus.com will process payment from the buyer on your behalf. You will receive an email notification informing you that your book has sold. You will need to confirm the order through your seller account by providing tracking information. Once you confirm the order, the buyer will receive an email stating that the order has shipped. By confirming the order and including valid tracking information, you are automatically eligible for payment within our system.
Seller payments are issued weekly via direct deposit. In the event your direct deposit information was entered incorrectly and your payment is rejected, you will receive an email asking you to update your payment method. The rejected payment will be attempted again with the next payment in the payment schedule.
Assessing the Quality of Your Books
It is important that the quality of your items is properly represented. Marketplace buyers will be making purchasing decisions based on the quality ratings you provide. To ensure buyer satisfaction as well as positive feedback ratings, please rate the condition of each item honestly. If the quality of an item is misrepresented, eCampus.com reserves the right to issue a full refund to the buyer and take the sale amount from your pending seller payment. The following are guidelines to be used by Marketplace sellers to rate the quality of their items:
New: Brand new, unused and unread copy in perfect condition.
Like New: Appears to be brand new and in perfect condition. Spine shows no signs of creasing and pages contain no highlighting and/or writing.
Very Good: Shows signs of light use but the cover is still clean with no signs of damage. All pages are intact and contain no highlighting and/or writing.
Average: Used condition and shows signs of normal wear, including bent corners and/or pages. Pages may contain minimal amounts of highlighting and/or writing.
Fair: Books are still in usable condition but cover may show signs of minor damage and pages may contain heavy highlighting and/or writing.
Some books are unable to be listed on the Marketplace if they are in poor condition:
Books are considered unacceptable if they are moldy, water damaged and /or unclean in any way. Books with severely damaged covers, spines and/or pages are not acceptable. Books with missing covers and/or pages are not acceptable. If the quality of an item is misrepresented, eCampus.com reserves the right to issue a full refund to the buyer and take the sale amount from your pending seller payment.
Pricing Policy
eCampus.com allows you to set your own price for your inventory and you may change the price of any item at any time. When listing your items, we provide the current lowest Marketplace price, if applicable, as well as the list price of the item to help you determine a selling price. We also offer a calculator tool that will calculate the final amount you would be paid for an item, taking into account our 15% commission as well as shipping reimbursement.
Please note: eCampus.com promotes its entire inventory, including Marketplace items, on partner sites. Should you wish to change the price of an item once it is listed, it may take up to 24 hours before the price change is reflected on eCampus.com and its partner sites. In the event that you change the price of an actively listed item and the item sells at the previously listed price (that is, before the pricing update has taken place), your seller balance for that item will be determined according to the previously listed price. In such an event, you can still cancel the order rather than sell the item for the previously listed price.
Inventory Management
We offer multiple ways to manage your inventory based on your inventory levels.
For Small Businesses and Individual Sellers:
Step 1: Enter the ISBN of the book you would like to sell. Be sure to enter the ISBN correctly and verify it is the correct book by the cover image shown. Unfortunately, if the ISBN is not found it is not available within our current product catalog and is not available to be listed on the eCampus.com Marketplace.
Step 2: Select the condition of the book, write a brief description of the book and enter the quantity you have of this particular book. Keep in mind that by selecting a quantity of more than one, all of the books will have the same condition and description.
Step 3: Set the selling price for your book.
We provide the current lowest Marketplace price, if applicable, as well as the list price of the item to help you determine a selling price. We also offer a calculator tool that will calculate the final amount you would be paid for an item, taking into account our 15% commission as well as shipping reimbursement.
Step 4: Select the ‘List Item’ button and the book will be added to your inventory and will be available on the eCampus.com Marketplace within one hour.
For Volume Sellers
As a volume seller, you will be able to provide inventory files via FTP which will be processed every 30 minutes. To begin using FTP, you will need to request an FTP account. This can be done through your seller account or by sending an email to one of the following:
For volume sellers utilizing The Art of Books inventory management system, please contact aob_support@ecampus.com to obtain an FTP account.
For volume sellers utilizing the Monsoon inventory management system , please contact monsoon_support@ecampus.com to obtain an FTP account.
For volume sellers utilizing the Neatoscan inventory management system , please contact neatoscan_support@ecampus.com to obtain an FTP account.
If you are a volume seller uploading your own inventory files, please contact sellbooks@ecampus.com to obtain an FTP account.
When contacting us for your
FTP Account , please provide us with the email address and screen name of your eCampus.com Marketplace account. If you have any additional questions about how to become a volume seller, please send your request to sellbooks@ecampus.com
Inventory Files:
Bulk inventory files should be created and submitted in a tab delimited format. They should be named as inventory_YYYYMMDDhhmmss.txt
Required fields should be named and placed in the following order:
ISBN / Quantity / Price / Condition / Comments / SKU
ISBN = 10 - 13 digit character string
Quantity = integer value
Price = numeric value (no $)
Condition = integer value selected from list below:
1 = New
2= Like New
3= Very Good
4= Average
5=Fair
Comments = string value up to 800 characters
SKU = string value up to 50 characters
Bulk inventory files are processed every 30 minutes. The existence of a new inventory file will cause any previous listings to be purged and rebuilt using the new inventory file provided.
When the inventory is processed, data validation is verified on each line. If there is a problem with any line in the file, a sign file will be created listing the errors.
Order Files:
Order files are generated every half hour if order(s) exist.
Order files are tab delimited and will be generated in the orders directory of your FTP. They will contain the following fields:
payment_status (will always be "paid_ship_now")
order_id
order_item_id
payments_date
payments_transaction_id
product_id
item_name
listing_id
sku
price
shipping_fee
quantity_purchased
total_price
purchase_date
batch_id
buyer_email
buyer_name
recipient_name
ship_address_1
ship_address_2
ship_city
ship_state
ship_zip
ship_country
special_comments
upc
ship_method**
status
location
tracking
buyer_note
seller_note
**The possible values for the ship_method field are: "standard" and "expedited".
Standard means the customer selected standard shipping upon checkout. United States Postal Service (USPS) is our standard shipping method.
Expedited means that the customer selected an expedited shipping method such as United Parcel Service (UPS).
You can configure your account to allow expedited shipping by signing into your
Marketplace Account, selecting the Account tab and updating your shipping options.
Confirmation Files:
Shipped order confirmation files are required to complete sale transactions. Confirmation files will be processed hourly. The files are created in a comma delimited format and are named confirmation_YYYYMMDDhhmmss.csv.
The confirmation file will include the following named fields in the following order:
Catalog ID / Action / TrackingNumber / ShippingMethod
Catalog ID = Integer value which corresponds with the "listing_id" found in the orders file
Action = {0} to cancel - {1} to confirm
TrackingNumber = string up to 50 characters
ShippingMethod = {0} other - {1} USPS - {2} UPS - {3} DHL - {4} FedEx
When confirmations are processed, data validation is verified on each line. If there is a problem with any line in the file, a log file will be created listing the errors.
Processing & Confirming Orders
Confirming and filling orders is the most important thing a seller can do to keep their seller account in good standing with eCampus.com and to ensure positive customer feedback is given.
You will receive an email from eCampus.com for every sale you make. When you receive this email you have up to two (2) business days (excluding weekends and holidays) to confirm the sale. To confirm the sale, you must sign in to your account and input valid tracking information to confirm or if you are a volume seller, you will need to send a confirmation file containing valid tracking information.
If an order is not confirmed within the specified amount of time, the order will be cancelled with the buyer and a refund will be issued. If an order is cancelled you will not receive payment for the cancelled sale.
Packaging & Shipping Orders
Packing
Carefully packing your orders helps prevent damage to the book while in transit and ensures that the book arrives in the same condition that you originally listed it in.
We provide you with an address label on the order confirmation page that contains the buyer’s shipping address. You may print this and attach it to the package, or use your own labels. When packing the order, securely wrap the items with a protective material, such as bubble wrap, crumpled newspaper or cardboard. Ship the order in a sturdy box or bubble envelope in order to prevent damage during shipping.
Shipping
You may ship the order using any shipping carrier you like as long as they provide a tracking number with the shipment. Be sure to keep records of all tracking numbers as you will need the tracking number to confirm the order in your Marketplace seller account and you may need it as proof of shipment in the event a shipment is lost in transit.
After shipping the order, sign in to your Marketplace seller account and enter the tracking carrier and tracking number to confirm the order.
For protection against loss in the event of a dispute, we highly recommend that sellers insure their shipments. If eCampus.com must refund the buyer in the case of a damaged or lost package, the amount of the sale will be deducted from your seller account balance. If the account balance is not sufficient to cover the deduction, your credit card may be charged for the amount of the sale. eCampus.com will not reimburse sellers for losses resulting from damaged or lost packages. Claims should be filed separately between the seller and the shipping carrier if this situation occurs.
Seller Rating
After completing a Marketplace purchase, Buyers have the option to leave feedback for the Seller they purchased from for up to ninety (90) days after the date of purchase. Buyers have the option to rate their buying experience from 1 to 5 stars as well as leave comments that the seller can respond to. The following scale applies to our starred feedback ratings:
5 Stars - Excellent
4 Stars - Very Good
3 Stars - Good
2 Stars - Fair
1 Stars - Poor
All ratings and comments are visible to future customers so we ask our Buyers to provide clear, constructive feedback that will be helpful to the next buyer, not personal comments regarding the Seller. The Marketplace is not legally responsible for the remarks that a Buyer may post on the Site, even if those remarks are defamatory.
The Marketplace offers the seller feedback option as a place where Buyers can express their own opinions regarding their purchasing experience, and the Marketplace will not censor these opinions or investigate the remarks for accuracy. Below are the limited circumstances when the Marketplace may remove ratings:
If the rating contain links of any kind.
If the rating contains profane and/or vulgar language or adult material. Inflammatory language such as fraud, liar, cheater, scam artist, con man, etc. is strongly discouraged.
If the rating contains personal identifying information about a member, including real name, address, phone number and/or email address.
If the rating makes reference to an eCampus.com or law enforcement organization investigation, i.e., "eCampus.com is investigating this person".
If eCampus.com is provided with a valid court order finding that the disputed feedback is slanderous, libelous, defamatory or otherwise illegal, or with a settlement agreement resolving such a lawsuit submitted by both attorneys and signed by both parties, eCampus.com will remove the disputed feedback. eCampus.com will also accept a ruling from a certified dispute resolution service if a signed settlement agreement, overseen by the certified dispute resolution service, is submitted.
Payment Guidelines
You are eligible for payment once tracking information is provided and the order is confirmed. Seller payments are issued weekly via direct deposit. In the event your direct deposit was entered incorrectly and is rejected by your financial institution, we will notify you by email.
You should then update your bank information correctly in your account. The rejected payment will be tried again with the next round of scheduled payments.
Your final payment amount is based on the selling price of all orders minus the 15% commission that eCampus.com takes from each sale. We also provide a shipping reimbursement for each completed order. For each order shipped via standard shipping a $3.97 shipping credit will be added to you seller payment and for each order shipped via expedited shipping a $6.99 shipping credit will be added to your seller payment. For bulk orders, the first item will receive a shipping credit of either $3.97 for standard or $6.99 for expedited and all subsequent items will receive a flat reimbursement of $1.99. Any refunds that are issued during the sales period will be taken directly from your seller payment as well.
Payment Schedule
Payment for orders shipped from Monday to Sunday will be paid on the third following Friday.
Example: Orders shipped between Monday, January 1st, 2018 and Sunday, January 7th, 2018 will be paid on Friday, January 26th, 2018.
Depending on your financial institution it can take 1-5 business days once we initiate the direct deposit for the deposit to reach your account.
Qualifying Period
All new Sellers are subject to a 30-day Qualifying Period. The Qualifying Period begins on the date that the Seller confirms their first sale. No payments will be made to the Seller during the Qualifying Period.
Refunds
Sellers have the option to issue a partial or full refund to a buyer. To issue a refund, find the order under Shipped Orders then select Order Details. Select the orange Request a Refund button and then select the amount you would like to refund and also provide a comment to the customer.
Please note: Orders shipped within the last 24 hours are not eligible for a refund. After the initial 24 hour wait period, you will be able to issue a refund to the buyer for up to 8 weeks. All refunds are final and cannot be reversed.
Chargebacks and Disputes
As a Marketplace seller you agree to be responsible for all chargebacks filed for service-related reasons, such as material difference in the merchandise and non-receipt of an item. If a chargeback is received, eCampus.com will investigate the claim and provide the credit card issuer the shipping and tracking information that the seller has already provided to us for the particular Marketplace order. If valid tracking information has not been provided to eCampus.com during the order confirmation process the card issuer will automatically rule against the seller in the event of a dispute. The card issuer's decision is final. If you are ruled against, there is no recourse to appeal that decision and all funds for the transaction will be debited from your next payment or charged to the credit card linked to your Seller account.
Grounds for Termination
eCampus.com reserves the right to terminate your Marketplace seller account at any point if your performance drops below a set standard or if you breach the eCampus.com Marketplace Seller Agreement in any way, including but not limited to:
Your order fill rate dropping below 85%. Information regarding your order fill rate can be found under the Performance section in your seller account.
If we have reason to believe you are using the eCampus.com Marketplace as an outlet for any type of illegal activity.
If we consistently receive customer complaints regarding misrepresentation of the item and/or its condition including but not limited to incorrect ISBN, older editions and poor item quality.
Please see the eCampus.com Marketplace Seller Agreement.
Frequently Asked Questions
What does it cost for me to list my books on the Marketplace?
It is free to create an eCampus.com Marketplace seller account and list your inventory. There are no start-up fees, listing fees or payment processing fees. For every item you sell through the Marketplace, eCampus.com will only take a 15% commission off the price of the item.
Will I be reimbursed for the shipping costs?
eCampus.com provides a shipping reimbursement for each completed Marketplace order. For each order shipped with standard shipping a $3.97 shipping credit will be added to your seller payment and for each order shipped via expedited shipping a $6.99 shipping credit will be added to your seller payment.
Why do I need a credit card to be a Marketplace seller?
Marketplace sellers must provide a valid credit card during registration for identity verification. When the card is placed on file eCampus.com authorizes it for $1.00 to verify that it is a valid card. This is only an authorization, not a charge and should show as pending. The authorization will be removed from the credit card within 72 hours. By placing a valid card on file, you authorize use to charge the card in the event that the amount due exceeds your available seller account balance.
What if I am temporarily unavailable to fill Marketplace orders?
If you will be temporarily unavailable to fill Marketplace orders we ask that you sign in to your seller account and click on the Account tab. Under Account Status, click the Edit button and select the radio button for Vacation Mode On. You can also select an Auto Return Date so that your account will automatically be changed back into Active status when you return. When you’re finished, click Save.
Changing your Account Status to On Vacation will temporarily remove your listings from the Marketplace so that orders will not come through to your account. You may switch your account back to Active at any time.
How do I cancel my Marketplace seller account?
If you no longer wish to sell on the eCampus.com Marketplace, sign in to your seller account and click on the Account tab. Under Account Status, click the Edit button and check the checkbox next to Cancel Account, then click the Save button. Or you can send an email with your cancellation request to sellbooks@ecampus.com and our team will remove your inventory and close your seller account for you.
Business Services
Affiliate Program
eCampus.com has been saving college students money since 1999. We offer a variety of purchasing options to our customers including buying new and used, textbook rentals and digital eTextbooks. By joining our affiliate program you have the opportunity to earn commission off each sale you refer to eCampus.com from your website. We partner with textbook price comparison sites, coupon sites, loyalty and cashback sites, blogs related to college topics and much more. Apply to our affiliate program and start monetizing your website traffic today. Once you are accepted into our affiliate program you will enjoy the following benefits:
-In-House Management
-8% Commission on Rentals
-6% Commission on Used Books
-5% Commission on New Books & eTextbooks
-$3 Lead Commission on Buybacks
-30 Day Cookie Length
-Exclusive Coupon Codes
-Access to Banners, Buttons and Customized Links
-Product Catalog and Affiliate API
Use these quick links to sign up for our affiliate program through CJ Affiliate by Conversant or ShareASale today!
Virtual Bookstore Program
eCampus.com Virtual Bookstores is the outsourcing solution for the textbook portion of your physical bookstore. At no cost, we build a branded virtual bookstore through which you can offer students new, used, rental and digital textbooks as well as textbook options from our Marketplace.
Over 80% of institutions now offer students the ability to register for their classes online. eCampus.com Virtual Bookstores features the next generation in student textbook ordering through easy integration with your student registration system. Integrated ordering allows your students the ability to purchase or rent their required textbooks with just one click immediately following class registration. Students can also use financial aid to purchase or rent their textbooks.
As an eCampus.com Virtual Bookstores partner, we will do all of the work for you at no cost. We offer a generous commission structure, marketing, apparel/merchandise, adoption support, custom reporting, financial aid usage, custom books and more.
For more information, visit the eCampus.com Virtual Bookstore Program website.
Bulk Sales
eCampus.com gladly accommodates public and private schools, colleges and universities as well as businesses, hospitals, churches and government agencies that wish to purchase large quantities of items. Our Business to Business Coordinators can provide you with shipping and bulk discounts on orders of 20 or more copies per title. Books must be at least $5.00 to qualify for bulk discounts.
For more information or to request a quote, visit our Bulk Sales page.
About Us
Affiliate Program
Books
Brand Assets
Browse Categories
Bulk Orders
Careers
Contests
Coupons
eWards
Gift Certificates
Help Desk
Marketplace
Media
Press
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Online Bookstores
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
eCampus Blog
Need Help?    Copyright © 1999-2020