http://www.big-pix.com/privacy.html
New Products
Clearance
Categories
Movie Posters
Posters by Genre->
Action and Adventure Posters
Animation Posters
Classic Movies Poster
Comedy Movie Posters
Cult Favorites Film Poster
Disney Movies Posters
Documentary Film Poster
Drama Movie Posters
Erotica Film Poster
Family Movies Posters
Foreign Films Posters
Horror Movie Posters
Independent Films Posters
Music and Dance Posters
Mystery, Suspense, Thriller FIlm Posters
Noir Films Posters
Romance & Romantic Comedies Movie Poster
Science Fiction & Fantasy Movie Poster
Sports Movie Posters
War Movies Posters
Westerns Film Posters
New Movie Posters
Clearance
Posters
Half Sheet
Insert
Mini-Sheet Poster
Press Kits
Vinyl Banner
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Poster Sizes
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Statement for The Big Picture Movie Posters and Memorabilia
The Big Picture has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: The Big Picture Movie Posters and Memorabilia.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites. The Big Picture Movie Posters and Memorabilia is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. (*Please elaborate on the security measures that you have in place.)
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to webmaster@big-pix.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email webmaster@big-pix.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Ann Daman
The Big Picture
3663 Crescent Drive
Lafayette CA 94549
webmaster@big-pix.com