https://www.tights-for-men.com/conditions
Home
Log In
Homepage ::
New Products ::
Specials ::
All Products ::
Terms and Conditions ::
Privacy ::
Contact Us
Categories
Accessories (5)
Anime/Manga/Cosplay Related (11)
Bodywear (9)
Briefs (11)
Control-Top Tights (2)
Footless Tights (3)
Hosiery with a Fly Opening (1)
Leggings (7)
Logowear (5)
Opaque Tights (24)
Sheer Tights (14)
Sheer-To-Waist (STW) Tights (10)
Shorts (4)
Support Tights (4)
Thigh-Highs & Socks (5)
Unisex Items (18)
Winter Tights (12)
Specials ...
All Products ...
Bestsellers
Adrian 'Street' 20 Denier...
Adrian 'City' 60 Denier...
L4M 220 Men's Short Sleeved...
Adrian 'Hunter' 100 Denier...
Adrian 'Urban' 20 Denier Sheer...
Collanto LegSupport70 Sheer Tights
L4M 1010 Unisex Opaque Thigh-Highs
Doyeah 5237 Seamless Sheer Briefs
L4M 640 Men's 'Denim-look' Leggings
Cards Accepted
Reviews  [more]
Very pleasurable to wear. My wife likes me wearing these as...
Currencies
GB Pound
Manufacturers
Please select ...
Please Select
Adrian
Collanto
Doyeah
EasyTherm
ELA
Evona
Glamory For Men
Legwear Express
Legwear4Men
Nur Die of Germ..
TIMLegwear
UFASH
Home ::
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use & Sale
Welcome to Legwear4Men. We provide access to the Legwear4Men website (the "website") and sell our
products to you subject to the conditions set out on this page.
Please read these conditions carefully before using the Legwear4Men website. By using this website, you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions. In addition, when you use any Legwear4Men service, you will also be subject to the guidelines and conditions applicable to that service.
Conditions Relating to Your Use of Legwear4Men
1. Your Account
When setting up your customer account, you are required to fill in all relevant boxes; incomplete or invalid entries will not be permitted. We require at least a first name and surname for security reasons; initials alone are not sufficient. If you use the website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner. Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering. You can access and update much of the information you provided us with in the Your Account area of the website. Legwear4Men reserves the right to refuse access to the website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
2. Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice, which also governs your visit to Legwear4Men, to understand our practices.
3. Access to Legwear4Men.com
We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the website will be uninterrupted and that
transmissions will be error-free. However, due to the nature of the Internet, this cannot be guaranteed.
Also, your access to the website may also be occasionally suspended or restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance, or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will attempt to limit the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
4. Licence for website access
Legwear4Men grants you a limited licence to access and make personal use of this website, but not to
download (other than page caching) or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written
consent of Legwear4Men. This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of this website or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this website or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold,
visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without our express written consent.
You may not frame or use framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary
information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Legwear4Men without express written
consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilising Legwear4Men's names or
trademarks without the express written consent of Legwear4Men. Any unauthorised use terminates the
permission or license granted by Legwear4Men.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Welcome page of Legwear4Men.com as long as the link does not portray Legwear4Men, or its products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Legwear4Men logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without our express consent.
5. Your conduct
You must not use the website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way.
You understand that you, and not Legwear4Men, are responsible for all electronic communications and
content sent from your computer to us and you must use the website for lawful purposes only.
You must not use the website for any of the following:
for fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity
to send, use or reuse any material that is illegal, offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene or menacing;
or in breach of copyright, trademark, confidence, privacy or any other right; or is otherwise
injurious to third parties;
or objectionable;
or which consists of or contains software viruses, political campaigning, commercial
solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any "spam" to cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety
6. Reviews, comments, communications and other content
Users of this website may post reviews; send communications; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, as long as the content is not illegal, obscene, abusive, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties, or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of any content. Legwear4Men reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit any content.
7. Copyright, authors' rights and database rights
All content included on the website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, and software, is the property of Legwear4Men, its affiliates or its content suppliers and is protected by international copyright, authors rights and database right laws. The compilation of all content on this website is the exclusive property of Legwear4Men and its affiliates and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright and database right laws. All software used on this website is the property of Legwear4Men, our affiliates or our software suppliers and is protected by UK and international copyright and authors rights laws.
You may not systematically extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the website without
Legwear4Men's express consent. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this website, without Legwear4Men's express written consent. You also may not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial (eg our prices and product listings) parts of this website without Legwear4Men's express consent.
8. Intellectual Property Claims
Legwear4Men respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been used in a way that gives rise to concerns of infringement, please contact us.
9. Trademarks
Legwear4Men's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Legwear4Men's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Legwear4Men. All other trademarks not owned by Legwear4Men that appear on this website are the property of their respective owners.
10. Conditions Relating to the Sale of Products to You
This section deals with conditions relating to the sale of products by Legwear4Men to you.
11. Our contract
When you place an order to purchase a product from Legwear4Men, we will send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order and containing the details of your order.
12. Pricing and availability
We list availability information for products sold by us on the website, including on each product
information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the website, we cannot be more
specific about availability. Please note that dispatch estimates are just that. They are not guaranteed dispatch times and should not be relied upon as such. As we process your order, we will inform you by e-mail if any products you order turn out to be unavailable.
13. Customs
When ordering goods from Legwear4Men for delivery overseas you may be subject to import duties and
taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information. Additionally, please note that when ordering from Legwear4Men, you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods. Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. We would like our international customers to be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities. For more information see Customs Information.
14. Electronic communications
When you visit Legwear4Men.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the website. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
15. Alteration of Service or Amendments to the Conditions
We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, and these Conditions of Use & Sale at any time. You will be subject to the policies and Conditions of Conditions of Use & Sale in force at the time that you use the website or that you order goods from us, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these conditions is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
16. Events beyond our reasonable control
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these
conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause which is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
Shipping and ReturnsWe charge a flat rate shipping charge of £3.99GBP per order for Postage & Packing on all orders, anywhere in the world. Obviously, flat rate shipping means it is better value-for-money to order several items at a time; that way, the carriage cost works out less expensive per item. Sadly, we regret we are no longer able to supply goods to South American destinations, i.e. Mexico, Brazil, Columbia, Peru etc., due to the high numbers of parcels sent to those destinations which do not arrive. We apologise for any disappointment caused for residents of those countries.
Please note; we require a full postal (street) address for all customers; a PO Box is not acceptable, for security reasons, although we can still deliver to a PO Box if required.
UK standard deliveries are sent via Royal Mail 1st Class post. With this service, we are obliged to wait 14 working days from the date of despatch before Royal Mail will consider the parcel officially 'lost in transit', and we can therefore claim for the loss. During that period, you should try looking around your property and checking with neighbours in case it has been left somewhere. It is also a good idea to contact your local Royal Mail delivery depot as sometimes items unable to fit through letter boxes are kept there for collection (sometimes without leaving a card notifying you of this). In-stock items will normally be despatched within 24 hours of receipt of your order and payment (or on the Monday for orders which are received over the weekend) International orders within Europe are usually sent via Royal Mail International Standard Parcels (Air Mail) service. Parcels outside Europe will go by Royal Mail International Economy Parcels service. This service usually takes 2-6 weeks, but may be subject to additional delays as they will be handled by more than one postal service. They may also be delayed at customs so you should always check with your country's customs office to see if they are holding a package for you. With the Air Mail service, we are obliged to wait 25 working days from the date of despatch, or 12 weeks in the case of International Economy Parcels, before Royal Mail will consider the parcel lost, and we can therefore claim for the loss. Customers whose orders have gone by International Economy Parcels service will be notified at the point of despatch; please note while this service normally takes 2-6 weeks, it can take up to 6-12 weeks, and is not trackable. International orders with a value of £50.00GBP or more (before P & P) can be sent by registered, trackable, 'Signed For'
Air Mail service at extra cost; contact us for more details here.
Orders are shipped in plain wrap with just a label bearing our return address on the back, in case of non-delivery. UK customers should receive their goods within 1-2 working days, international orders can take 10-14 days or more depending on destination, but please do not ask us
exactly how long, as that is out of our control. Any orders which do not arrive after the expiry of the delivery windows (14 working days for UK, 25 working days for International Air Mail, and 12 weeks for International Economy Parcel) will be replaced for the customer. If you do not receive your order after the delivery window has expired, please contact us here.
If there are any issues with your order (sizing issues, payment problems etc.) we will e-mail you at the e-mail address you provided; please make sure you provide a valid e-mail address which you check at least daily. Customers supplying invalid e-mail addresses (i.e. from which e-mails bounce back marked 'No such user' etc.) and/or no contact phone number will have their orders cancelled and payments refunded immediately.
If we require a response from the customer in order to complete an order and this is not forthcoming, the order will be cancelled and any payments received by us will be refunded after a period of 5 working days.
Currencies
Sadly, we are no longer able to offer pricing of goods in different currencies, due to abuse of this facility. For currency conversion, see here.
Please note, we do not supply goods on a 'trial' basis; we will only replace or refund items which are faulty from the packaging. Due to the nature of internet trading, and particularly with clothing of an intimate nature, we endeavour to give as much information about our range of products as possible on the web site, but regret we cannot refund or replace items once opened and worn, unless they are faulty from the pack.
Returns Information
We offer to replace or refund faulty goods, or unopened items. Just return the items to us in their original condition within 28 days.
Returned items should be repackaged carefully, and returned with the original invoice. Please inform us here before sending any items back to us. Please get a 'Proof of posting' receipt or use a recorded delivery service. We will refund postage charges if the return is due to our error. When we receive and process your returned item, we will issue a full refund (or exchange items if you prefer). We will e-mail you confirming your return instructions once we have processed it.
Send your return to:
Returns
Legwear4Men
P O Box 214
Liverpool
Merseyside
L25 3WW
UK
Home
::
Privacy
::
Site Map
::
Size Chart
Copyright © 2020 First4Legwear. Powered by Zen Cart Ecommerce Website Management by OpenGlobal Ecommerce