http://www.aalgo.com/pages/privacyinfo
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Privacy Statement
We, S.R.G. are committed to protecting the privacy of anyone using our site and the confidentiality of any information that you provide us with. The purpose of this statement is to set out how we use any personal information that we may obtain from you.
In carrying out our day-to-day activities we process and store personal information relating to our customers and are therefore required to adhere to the requirements of all data protection legislation, including the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC, the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (applicable from May 2018), the EU e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC and any relevant national implementing legislation and any substantially similar local legislation, including the guidance, codes of practice, recommendations and deliberations of the relevant supervisory authority, in each case as amended or replaced from time to time.
We take our responsibilities under these acts very seriously and are always striving to ensure the personal information we obtain is held, used, transferred or otherwise processed in accordance with these acts.
In general you can visit our website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. If, however, you use our site you will need to register and you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computer or otherwise.
We may use information that you provide:
(a)   To register you with our website and to administer it.
(b)   For assessment and analysis e.g. marketing, customer and product analysis, to enable us to review, develop and improve our services.
Cookies
There is a technology called “cookies” which may be used by us to provide you with, for example, customised information from our website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser which may then store it on your system. If you wish, you can usually adjust your browser so that your computer does not accept cookies. Please remember cookies do not contain confidential information such as your home address, telephone number or credit card details. We do not exchange cookies with any third party websites or external data suppliers.
Security
We endeavour to take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of any data that you disclose online and we will not be responsible for any breach of security unless this is due to our negligence or wilful default.
We keep our Security and Privacy Policy under regular review. This privacy policy was last updated 23rd May 2018. If we make changes to this policy, we will notify you by updating the policy on our websites.
General
You have the right to see personal data that we keep about you upon receipt of a written request and payment of a fee of £10. Any request should be sent to:
Sophie Roche-Garland, S.R.G, 27 Highfield Way, Aberdeenshire, AB39 2PT