https://www.contemporarycorvette.com/terms-of-service
MENU
Home
Parts CatalogSearch our entire used parts catalog
Used PartsFind parts for Corvettes and other late model autos
New PartsFind new Corvette parts
eBay StoreSee what we have available on our eBay Store
Wreck of the WeekThe latest wrecked Corvettes that arrived at our lot
Contemporary Corvette Terms of Service ("Agreement")
Please read these Terms of Service ("Agreement", "Terms of Service") carefully before using http://www.contemporarycorvette.com ("the Site") operated by Contemporary Corvette ("us", "we", or "our"). This Agreement sets forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the Site at http://www.contemporarycorvette.com.
By accessing or using the Site in any manner, including, but not limited to, visiting or browsing the Site or contributing content or other materials to the Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Service. Capitalized terms are defined in this Agreement.
Intellectual Property
The Site and its original content, features and functionality are owned by Contemporary Corvette and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws.
Termination
We may terminate your access to the Site, without cause or notice, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with you. All provisions of this Agreement that by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, and limitations of liability.
Links To Other Sites
Our Site may contain links to third-party sites that are not owned or controlled by Contemporary Corvette.
Contemporary Corvette has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services. We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of any third-party site that you visit.
Governing Law
This Agreement (and any further rules, polices, or guidelines incorporated by reference) shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Pennsylvania, United States, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law.
Changes To This Agreement
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service by posting the updated terms on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.
Please review this Agreement periodically for changes. If you do not agree to any of this Agreement or any changes to this Agreement, do not use, access or continue to access the Site or discontinue any use of the Site immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Agreement, please contact us.
This Agreement was last modified on November 15, 2013.
Follow @ContempCorvette
Follow @ContempCorvette
Subscribe to Our Mailing List
Get advance notice of upcoming sales and special offers at Contemporary Corvette delivered to your inbox by adding your email address to our mailing list.
SUBSCRIBE
News
Shipping Calculator Feature
No shipping cost displayed or you want an item that doesn't ship free? No more filling out forms to find your shipping cost! Simply click on the "details" button then enter you zip code in the box and click "GET SHIPPING COST" Your shipping quote will then appear.
About Our Inventory
Our inventory comes from mostly insurance aution purchases. We buy vehicles from the insurance companies,ship them here then expertly dismantle and clean all good/usable parts. The site only has a tiny fraction of what is available. More inventory can be seen in our EBAY store www.stores.ebay/fparts. If you don't see what you need, please email or give us a cal at 1-800-367-8388. Cars arrive on a continuios basis which means our inventory is always changing! Don't forget to visit our Wreck of the Week page.
Safe and Easy to Order Online!
Our online ordering process is safe, secure and easy!
1. Click on "details".
2. Click on "add to cart".
3. Chose payment method. Credit/debit card or paypal.
We ship To The United States Only!
Currently we ship only to United States (lower 48)
Many items ship free!
All items are packed with great care, insured and have tracking.
Self-Help Videos
Installation of Corvette C6 Vanity Mirror Cover
Installation of Corvette C6 vanity mirror cover
Read More
Tour Of Our Facility
Here is a brief tour of our facility. Taken a few years ago, this gives you an overview of our yard.
Read More
Blog
History of the C5 Corvette | Corvette Parts
Next generation C5 corvette parts are completely unique to this generation. The only similarity was the displacement of the engine at 5.7 Liters which was rated an 345 bhp and 350 lb.ft of torque.
Read More
C4 Corvette History | Contemporary Corvette
1984 marked the first year of the C4 (4th) generation Corvette.
The production ran from 1984-1996 and all C4 Corvette parts were unique as this new style was completely redesigned for the first time in 15 years.
Read More
Wreck of the Week
Each week we will post a new wreck that has arrived at Contemporary Corvette. Check back to see if that part you've been looking for ends up in our yard!
February 19, 2016
View our past "Wrecks of the Week"
***Please Note: Wrecks of the Week are PARTS ONLY cars. They are NOT for sale.***