http://www.outpost.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Left_Topics/A6ReturningPurchases?site=csfooter_A#satisfaction-guarantee
Fry's Electronics - 30 Day Satisfaction Guarantee
Your satisfaction is our success! We strive to provide our customers with the highest level of service possible. We want you to be completely satisfied with your experience.
Most items will be returnable within 30 days of purchase. Postpaid/Contract and Unlocked wireless devices are excluded and have a 14-day Fry's return policy from date of
purchase.*
Please select the method of fulfillment to view its guarantee - items reserved via in-store pickup or delivered via local delivery are considered store purchases.
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Return & Replacement Policy:
Due to health and safety concerns, some OPENED health care items including personal protective equipment cannot be returned and no refund will be issued.
(Examples: Face Coverings, Gloves, Hand Sanitizers...)
Refunds and exchanges are only acceptable if the product has a defect or is damaged during shipping.
Returnable items must be in their original sealed, unused condition and must be returned within 30 days of purchase.
* Some additional exceptions apply, see terms and exclusions below
Extended Holiday Returns:
Shop with confidence this holiday season. We are extending our return policy for the holidays, and gift purchases made between November 23, 2020
and December 24, 2020 may be returned or exchanged until January 16, 2021.
Store Purchases
Shipped from Frys.com
Purchases Made at a Fry's Electronics Retail Store
For a refund or exchange, most products may be returned within 30 days of original purchase date.
See exclusions below.
Original receipt must accompany any product to be returned / exchanged.
Product must be in original box with original accessories, packaging, manuals, and registration card in undamaged, clean, and brand- new condition.
Products returned within policy with the UPC code missing from the box may only be accepted back as an exchange for the exact same item, less the rebate amount, if any.
Product that is returned incomplete, damaged, or with serial number missing or tampered with will not be accepted for return.
If the product returned has any data or information stored on a memory or storage device, Fry's shall not be responsible for the transfer of such data or information to another product given to the customer as an exchange, or for the loss of any data or information or to maintain the confidentiality of any data or information still residing on the returned product.
Video cards, computer software, video games, audio and video media are returnable only if unopened.
If defective, these products will be exchanged for the exact same item only.
Physically damaged or altered video cards, processors, motherboards, and remote control aircraft will not be accepted for return.
Electric balance scooters, electric skateboards, and power wheels are only returnable if product is unopened.
If defective, item will be exchanged for the exact same item only.
Used air conditioners are only returnable if
defective and will be exchanged for the exact same item.
All 3D printers are only returnable if the product is unopened.
Open boxes will not be accepted for return.
Select aerial photography drones and FPV quadcopters are only returnable if the product is unopened.
Open boxes will not be accepted for return.
Product using consumable items such as laser toner, ink cartridges, batteries, 3D printer filament, etc. must be returned with those items in factory-sealed condition or will require a deduction for a replacement.
Consumable items such as laser toner, ink cartridges, batteries, 3D printer filament, etc. are returnable only if unopened.
If defective, items will be exchanged for the exact same item only.
Prepaid wireless phones are returnable ONLY if unopened.
If defective, the item will be exchanged for the exact same item only.
Stored value cards are non-returnable.
Postpaid cellphones (monthly contract) and Unlocked cellphones have a 14-day Fry's return policy with a $35 restocking fee. If the cellphone is under $35 and defective, the cellphone will be exchanged for the exact same cellphone only.
Replacement lamps for projectors/televisions are not returnable if the lamp filament shows wear.
Refunds will be issued as follows:
(1) Check purchases by check
(2) Credit card purchases by credit issued to the credit card used in the original purchase transaction
(3) Debit card purchases by credit issued to the debit card used in the original purchase transaction
(4) Cash purchases by cash, unless the refund is over $500, which will then be refunded by a check mailed from Fry's Home Office
Refund checks are mailed the 10th day from the date merchandise is returned.
Service, delivery, and installation charges are non-refundable once performed.
Special order items and cut cable/wire are non-returnable.
8.219-Y
Purchases Shipped from Frys.com
You can shop with confidence at Frys.com knowing that every product shipped is covered by a manufacturer's warranty (see product page for details).
Call us at frys.com at (877)-688-7678 to check if item is eligible for return or bring the item into your local Fry's Electronics. Merchandise can be returned in person or shipped
back to origin store, whichever is more convenient. Items should be shipped back with a ground track-able method.
For returns not the result of a Frys.com error, original and return shipping charges are the sole responsibility of the customer.
All returned merchandise must be in its original packaging with the UPC or bar code intact, with all components, manuals, and/or registration card(s) included. Products with accessories such as toner, ink, media, batteries, film, etc. must be returned with those accessories in original, factory-sealed condition. Products that are returned incomplete or damaged (if accepted) will require a deduction. This deduction is final.
This return policy does not apply to Special Orders.
Computer software, video games, video gaming systems, audio CDs, vinyl records, DVDs, and Blu-ray discs are returnable only if unopened. Defective items will be exchanged for the exact same item only.
Software downloads are non-refundable.
Manufacturer in-home service is offered on most televisions 24" or larger.
Due to the fragile nature of televisions, when returning any television, please ensure original packaging is utilized - the customer is responsible for any damage caused by insufficient return packaging.
Please note: For your protection, please inspect your package immediately upon delivery and do not sign for or accept any shipping container with external damage. To report physical damage that occurred during delivery, Frys.com must be contacted within the first 48 hours of the product being delivered.
Frys.com Return Procedure
To return a product shipped from Frys.com, please follow the steps listed below:
Call Frys.com Customer Service at (877)-688-7678 and obtain a Return Authorization Number (RA#) within 30 days of the date your order was received.
A Return Authorization Number is required for all returns.
Please have your order number available for reference when calling (located on the front of the packing slip).
Credits
Credit will be issued to the card used to place the order after our warehouse receives, inspects, and processes your return.
Please note: your issuing bank determines when this credit will be reflected on your statement.
Frys.com In-Store Pick Up
Frys.com In-Store Pick Up purchases are subject to the Fry's Electronics Retail Store Policies.
jback114