http://www.nationwidefloors.com/policy.php
Mon-Fri 9am-5pm CST
Online Orders 24/7
Shopping CartCall Toll Free:
855-283-1637
Hardwood FloorsCork FlooringExotic FloorsHand Scraped FloorsBamboo Floors
Blowout Specials/Clearance Items  |  Truckload Sales
Contact Us  |  Help  |  Sitemap
SEARCH : SEARCH BY :
NameCategoryKeywordsProduct idSpeciesBrand
Login
Signup
My Account
Policies
Privacy and Security Statement
How to Contact UsWe want to assure you that Nationwidefloors.com is dedicated to protecting your privacy. Please feel free to contact us at any time if:
you have any questions or comments about this Privacy and Security Statement,
you wish to access and/or correct your personal information
You can contact us by calling us at 1-855-283-1637, faxing us at 1-608-514-9679, e-mailing us, or writing us at (please include your e-mail address and phone number with your correspondence along with the information needed to support your request):
EPC LLC
742 Amy Dr.
Holmen, WI 54636Legal DisclaimerWe reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web server.Disclosure of Personal InformationPersonal Information Disclosure: Black River Flooring Corp. will not trade, rent or sell your personal information, without your prior consent, except as otherwise set out herein.Electronic MailWe will also gather your personally-identifiable information when you send us an e-mail. We will use this information to respond to your e-mail.StaffWhen you call our Staff about a product, delivery, an installation, a billing question or for customer service, you may be asked for information that identifies you along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question, such as your name, address, email address and a phone number where we might contact you. We may retain this information to assist you in the future.Collection and Use of Personal InformationWe may collect personal information that you provide us when you:
Purchase, order, return, exchange or request certain information about our products and services;
Request warranty or product damage claim services;
Contact our Staff via e-mail or telephone to obtain product or sales information;
Visit our Site or participate in a feature of our Site, such as information request form submission;
Provide us with comments or suggestions.Company Policies
Shipping Information
Shipping Details
How we ship products to you:
We ship flooring nationwide utilizing the services of a few select carriers.  Your products are fully insured during transit. We pass our discounted freight rates directly on to our customers insuring that you get the lowest rates possible.
Freight Prices:
Shipping prices are determined by the weight of the order and the distance between the origination and destination locations. Generally, the larger an order is the larger the freight costs will be. However, on larger orders the cost of the shipping relative to the cost of the freight per sq. ft. of materials will be lower. This happens because of variables in the transportation of your materials such as pick up, delivery and space required. Residential delivery is available at an additional expense of $50.00 in most areas.  Our online freight rater will provide realtime rates automatically when you provide a zipcode for delivery.  In some cases this system can fail and display an incorrect rate.  If this is the case we will contact you.  Under no circumstances will we charge your card more than the stated amount of your total bill.  However, due to the chance of flaws we reserve the right to cancel or deny any order.
What we need for an exact freight quotation:
1.  Add the product and amount of flooring you require including all accessory items to your shopping cart.
2.  Enter your destination zipcode to obtain a freight quote.
After these 2 simple steps you will have the ability to save the cart as a quote or proceed to check out. (you will need to enter your billing and shipping information)
3.  When you proceed to checkout and confirm your shipping address you will need to re calculate your shipping based on the delivery address provided.
Shipping options:
We can ship your freight to anyplace in the world. The cheapest freight is usually shipped to a freight terminal in a major city near your location. Delivery to a terminal or business address is the same price in most cases. Shipping to a residential address will add $50.00 to your freight costs but in many cases is the preferred option simply because of the convenience as well as the shear weight of the products being shipped.
Shipping / Transit times :
Nationwidefloors.com is not a shipping company. We can provide shipping time estimates based on the freight calculators provided to us. Generally, transit times within the continental US will range from 1-7 business days. If you require the materials to arrive on an exact date or require an expedited shipment you are required to use an exact express service or "guaranteed service" This is a service provided by the freight company at an additional charge to guarantee the transit time quoted.
Nationwidefloors.com and its parent company EPC LLC can not be held liable for delayed shipments that have not been ordered as guaranteed service. Guaranteed service may not be available in all areas.
Explanation of different shipping options:
Residential Delivery - this is a curbside delivery. The driver will place the materials on the tailgate of the truck and you are responsible for meeting him there at a pre arranged time to unload the materials. Most products are shipped on pallets of individual cartons weighing 25-80lbs. each and the customer is responsible for unloading the materials from the tailgate.
Commercial Delivery- this is a delivery to a commercial location such as an office building or warehouse that is accustomed to being accessed by semi truck and trailer. No advance notice will be given of arrival and someone must be available to receive and unload the product during normal business hours monday - friday.
Customer Pick up at Terminal- This is the least costly shipping option. We ship the materials to a commercial freight terminal where you may pick up the order during regular business hours Monday -Friday. Terminal address and locations will be provided in advance of order to verify the convenience and determine distance from your end location so you may determine if this is an acceptable delivery. Depending on the product you order you will likely need a truck of some sort to pick up the materials.
Liftgate Delivery- This is an option that is available in most areas which involves the trucking company unloading the materials at the site with an elevator lift. You still need to sign for the order but you will not be expected to unload the materials. Charges for liftgate start at $100 and is subject to availability.
Inside Delivery- This option involves the driver of the truck to physically unload and place the materials into a building on the first floor. Additional charges will be assesed for delivery.
Jobsite Delivery- This option is the same as a residential delivery and involves the materials being delivered to your construction or job site. You will need to pre arrange a delivery and will need to meet the driver for unloading of the materials.
Truckload or Container Delivery- This is for full truckload quantites of 13,000 sq.ft. or more. Truckload deliveries must have a forklift or loading dock on site. If the materials are being delivered to a jobsite you will need to make arrangements for a forklift to be present for unloading.  (PLEASE CALL FOR TRUCKLOAD RATES)
***additional options are available. If you require a quotation on a service that is not listed please contact us.
What you must do when your order arrives:
Inspect the goods thoroughly for damages. In the unlikely event that there are damages make sure that they are noted on the delivery receipt and you are provided a copy. We will not accept freight damage claims without this receipt. You must be home to accept the residential delivery. You will need to help unload the materials from the truck. If you are unable to do so please contact us for a Special Service Quotation. Regulations and liabilities of the freight companies do not permit for special services that are not contracted in advance. Take your flooring in to the space where it is to be installed to allow for the proper acclimation time. Enjoy your new floors.
Please call us for quotations on Truckload Orders at 1-855-283-1637
Website ErrorsNationwidefloors.com does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness or reliability of information appearing on the Site. The Site may contain errors and omissions relating to product description, pricing and availability. We reserve the right to correct or update errors or omissions and to change information at our discretion without prior notice. We also reserve the right to cancel an order for a product in the event of an error or omission in the description of such product, including but not limited to incorrect pricing information, carton quantities or product dimensions (nominal measurements); whether due to a typographical error, an error in information received from our suppliers, or otherwise.
Product Color RepresentationProduct Color VariationSamples and web images are not directly representative of an exact product color. Products of nature will always contain some level of natural color variation.  We strive to correctly represent our products on the website with the best of our abilities. We understand that color is very important to most of our customers, and that products can and will appear differently to different people under many circumstances including lighting and existing room colors, along with the products natural color variation.  We strongly suggest that if color is a very important aspect of your project, that you order a 1-3 carton amount and lay it out in the rooms to be installed. This is the best method to ensure the product color meets you expectations.CopyrightNationwidefloors.com and its suppliers retain all right, title and interest in and to all content (and all compilations thereof), including without limitation, any text, music, sound, photographs video, images, illustrations, icons, graphics, headers, typefaces, data, inventory information, databases or software, that appears on blackriverfloors.com (the "Site"). The Site is protected by U.S. and international copyright law. No right, title or interest to any of the Site is transferred to you by your use of the Site. You may access and view the Site solely for personal, noncommercial purposes. You may copy limited portions of the Site solely by page caching or printing and solely for personal, noncommercial use, provided that (i) you do not make such Site available to any third party and (ii) you do not remove any proprietary notice from such Site, or alter the Site in any way. You may not: modify, delete, add to, or create derivative works of the Site. You may not publish, distribute, transmit, broadcast or frame the Site in any manner; copy or post the Site for public display; collect, re-purpose or reuse any data or product listings contained in the Site; sell or attempt to sell the Site; exploit the Site for your own purposes; or make derivative use of the Site or its contents. You agree to use the Site and all related services only for lawful purposes and not to allow others to use your account for any unlawful purpose. Use of the Site in violation of any applicable law, regulation, ordinance, or other rule imposed by any governmental authority is prohibited. Nationwidefloors.com EXPRESSLY PROHIBITS UNAUTHORIZED THIRD PARTY LINKING TO Nationwidefloors.comProduct Returns:No returns will be accepted on moldings, accessories, overages, unused product, Lot Specials or non-stocked items without approval from management. Some instances may arrise where we will accept returns on any order, but this is at our sole discretion. It is your responsibility to accurately measure for your project and ensure that you have enough product to cover your project needs without going over. Any returns approved by management will be subject to a 30% restocking fee and all shipping and handling charges for return freight. Under no circumstances, will returns be allowed for installed materials. Installation of the product will be considered your acceptance of the product AS-IS and no requests for returns will be entertained after prodict has been installed.Order Cancellations or Refunds:Refunds and Cancellations-
No Refunds will be offered on Discontinued Merchandise or Lot Specials. In the event that you need to cancel your order Please contact us ASAP: toll free at 866-857-5548.
Cancellations-
You may cancel your order at any time without penalty if the following conditions exist.
1. Your item is a regular stock item and is not a special order item.
2. Your order has not shipped.
In the event that you need to cancel an order after it has shipped contact us immediately.  You will be responisble for all freight costs as well as re stocking charges for the item.  You may not cancel orders or return items that are "Special Order" not regularly stocked items and custom flooring.
Due to changes that can occur in production lots returns will not be allowed after 30 days. If the order has been shipped you will be responsible for all freight charges incurred to you as well as the freight charges for the return of the merchandise.
Conditions of returns-
1. Only materials in original and unopened packaging will be considered for return.
2. No returns will be accepted without a Return Authorization Number.  (Numbers will be given at the sole discretion of Nationwidefloors.com.)
3. The return must be for all of the materials purchased.  We can not accept returns for unused materials (product overages)
4. All returns are subject to a 30% restocking fee.
5. Customers returning items are responsible for all shipping costs associated with the original order as well as  return freight cost.
6. Refunds will be made in the same form of payment as originally used to pay for the order within 14 business days of receiving the items in our warehouse.
Moldings and Accessory items-
We can not accept returns on moldings or open cartons of materials. Wood and cork floors are products of nature and natural color variation can be expected. Moldings are not typically made by the same companies that manufacture the flooring products.  Moldings are meant to be coordinating and to be as best of match as possible.  If you need an exact match for moldings of flooring we suggest that you fabricate moldings directly from the flooring which you ordered.
The Return policy is good for a period of 30 days from date of purchase, after 30 days we can not accept returns on any orders. Site images may not be accurate due to the various types and settings of monitors. Samples are available for verification of milling and finish details.
We gladly accept the following for payment.Please inquire for other options
Home
::
Specials
::
Policies
::
About
::
Meet our Staff
::
Contact
::
Sitemap
Other Links
Hardwood Flooring care tipsTips for Caring for Your Hardwood floor (https://w..latest trendsLatest trends in Hardwood floors
Hardwood flo..Help - in progressThank you for visiting Nationwidefloors.com a Blac..
Latest Articles
Returns / CancellationsRefunds and Cancellations-
No Refunds will be offered on Discontinued Merchan...Help - in progressThank you for visiting Nationwidefloors.com a Black River Flooring Corp website....
Customer Center
Free Shipping DetailsSamplesWholesale Prices - Tax Free Most StatesLowest Possible Price GuaranteeJanka Hardness ScaleShipping DetailsHow to Measure for your floorsReturns / Cancellations
Testimonials
"We are extremely happy with the flooring! Very Nice! After researching other flooring companies on the internet, as well as Lowe's and Home Depot, we found that Nationwidefloors.com was the best."
more
© 2000-2010 nationwidefloors.com.
All Rights Reserved. Use of this site is subject to certainTerms of Use which constitute a legal agreement between you and nationwidefloors.com