https://www.xstamper.com/privacy
0$0.00Your Shopping Cart
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
Home
Sign In
Customer Service
0
×
Your shopping cart is empty.
View Cart
Checkout
CLOSE MENU
Home
My Account
Customer Service
Home
Contact Us
Help
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Order History
Menu
This is not a tax exempt website.
All Government Agencies, please contact customer service at 800-541-9719 ext. 1
Trustpilot
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
HomeContact UsHelpPrivacy PolicyTerms and ConditionsOrder History
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
Note, the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We respect and are committed to protecting your privacy. We may collect personally identifiable information when you visit our site. We also automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page(s) you visited. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Security Policy
Your payment and personal information is always safe. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
Return Policy
Under the following circumstances, Shachihata, Inc. (U.S.A.) will
accept Stock return merchandise.  Prior
authorization from Shachihata, Inc. (U.S.A.) must be obtained.  Merchandise must be in good and resalable
condition.  You must advise Shachihata,
Inc. (U.S.A.) in advance of the order number (provided at checkout), items to
be returned and the reason for the return, subject to approval by Shachihata,
Inc. (U.S.A.).  Shachihata, Inc. (U.S.A.)
will advise of the best procedure for exchange or credit issuance.  Returned merchandise is subject to a
restocking charge of 15%, in addition to any delivery charges incurred by
Shachihata, Inc. (U.S.A.).  Credit or
exchange is not allowed on any merchandise after 60 days following the shipment
date.
Shachihata, Inc. (U.S.A.) does not accept returns on Custom products.
Privacy Contact information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By E-Mail: customerservice@xstamper.com
By Phone: (800) 541-9719
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted.
Trustpilot
© 2006-2018 Shachihata Inc. All rights reserved
Home
Your Shopping Cart
Your Account
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
About Us
Benefits
Guarantee
Help
Policies
Re-Inking
VersaDater Instructions
Xstamper Care
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
Vimeo
Pinterest
Instagram
©1999-2020 Connectweb Technologies, Inc.