http://www.puzzart.com/privacy-policy-2
We take your privacy seriously here. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it.
Routine Information Collection
All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.
Cookies
Like almost all websites, this site uses cookies placed in the visitor’s browser to store information about a visitor’s preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.
Cookies enable you to interact with websites, e.g. by submitting comments and other forms, or see ads relating to your interests on sites like Facebook.
Third parties, e.g. Google, may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to this site in order to count visitor numbers or display advertisements and other relevant information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies. Learn how to opt out of Google’s cookie usage.
Controlling Cookies
Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it will interfere with your use of most sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Not disabling cookies means that you consent to their use. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms.
Contact Information
Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to us via our contact form for further clarification.
Personally Identifiable Information
You can visit our site anonymously but you may choose to give us personally identifiable information such as your email address, name, site or blog address etc when you leave a comment, respond to a survey, or fill out a form such as our contact form. This information may be used in the following ways:
• To respond to your questions and provide service and support
• To administer a survey or other site feature
• To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
Important Note: Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other individual or company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested, except in the case of trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
General Data Protection Regulation Compliance
In compliance with the GDPR, you have the “right to be forgotten”. If you contact us asking for all of your information to be deleted, we will do this within 30 days (unless we cannot find any information about you).
For example, you might have left a comment on the site in the past, and you now want that comment to be deleted. You can use the contact form to ask us to do this. Please provide a link to the comment or enough information for us to find it.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act): we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent unless required to do so by law enforcement agencies.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all subscribers may make any changes to their information at any time by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe or change subscriber options’ link provided at the bottom of each email.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
VISITING FROM THE UK?
Click here to visit our UK toy reviews site
Search This Site
Search for:
As an Amazon Associate I earn from qualifying purchases.
Latest Reviews  Hubsan Quadcopter With Camera Review  Air Hogs RC Zero Gravity Laser Racer Review  Penny Complete Skateboard Review  Magna-Tiles Clear Colors 100 Piece Set Review  MiP Balancing Robot Review  Frozen My Size Dolls Review  Kurio Xtreme Review  Crayola Virtual Design Pro Fashion Review  LeapFrog LeapBand Review  Hexbug Vex Robotics Review  Paw Patrol Lookout Review  Nerf N-strike Elite Cam ECS-12 Blaster
Lego Star Wars Rebels The Ghost Ship 75053  Disney Princess Palace Pets Pumpkin Magic Dance Review  FurReal Friends Puppy: Get Up and GoGo Review  Innotab Max Review  TMNT Stretch Toys - Leonardo Stretch 'N' Shout  Little Live Pets Bird Cage and Birds  Laugh and Learn Smart Stages Chair Review  Go! Go! Smart Animals Zoo Explorers PlaysetLatest Articles PlayStation 4 vs Xbox One: Battle of the Giants Best Baby Toys 12 Months to 18 Months Best Baby Toys 9 Months to 12 Months Best Baby Toys 6 Months to 9 Months Best Baby Toys 3 Months to 6 Months
Site Information
About
Contact
Privacy
Terms of Service
DMCA Notice
Admin
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Useful Links
Amazon UK
Amazon USA
Christmas Around The World
Wikipedia
Find us on Google+
We try to be fair in our reviews but they are a matter of opinion and report. None of the information is guaranteed accurate, all details are subject to change without notice and we cannot be responsible for consequences of any inaccuracies. You must do your own due diligence before making any purchase. To request an amendment please leave a comment or contact us.
All trademarks are the property of the trademark holders. Please see our terms of service, privacy policy and contact details via the links on the left.
Puzzart.com (formerly 10 Hottest Christmas Toys .com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program and the Amazon EU Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com and Amazon.co.uk.
Certain content that appears on this site comes from Amazon Services LLC. This content is provided "as is" and is subject to change or removal at any time.