https://www.trainsetsonly.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Train Sets
Battery Operated Train Sets
G Scale Train Sets
LGB G Scale Train Sets
Bachmann G Scale Train Sets
HO Scale Train Sets
Walthers HO Scale Train Sets
Bachmann HO Scale Train Sets
Con-Cor HO Scale Sets
HO Sound Equipped Sets
Kato HO Scale Train Sets
Lionel HO Scale Train Sets
N Scale Train Sets
Kato N Scale Train Sets
Bachmann N Scale Train Sets
Con-Cor N Scale Train Sets
O Scale Train Sets
Lionel O Scale Train Sets
On30 Scale Train Sets
New Stuff / Just Arrived
Advanced Reservations
Newly Added - HO
Newly Added - N
Newly Added - O
Newly Added - G
Newly Added - On30
Newly Added - All
Just Arrived
Atlas Layout Packages
HO Scale Layouts
HO Scale Layouts (1-12)
HO Scale Layouts (13-23)
HO Scale Layouts (24-30)
HO Scale Layouts (31-36)
True-Track Layouts
Atlas Code 100 Layouts
Atlas N Scale Layouts
Power / DCC / Electrical
Signaling and Occupancy
AC Power - O Scale
DC Power All Scales
DC Power G Scale
DC Power N / HO / On30 Scale
DCC Power and Control
DCC Systems & Cabs
MRC DCC
NCE DCC
SoundTraxx DCC
Mobile Sound Decoders
DCC Circuit Breakers
DCC Auto-Reversers
DCC Boosters
Speakers / Enclosures
See All
Electrical Controls / Switches
Layout Wire and Lighting
Christmas Trains
Christmas Accessories
N Scale Christmas Accessories
HO Scale Christmas Accessories
O Scale Christmas Accessories
G Scale Christmas Accessories
Christmas Train Cars
G Scale Christmas Cars
HO Scale Christmas Cars
N Scale Christmas Cars
O Scale Christmas Cars
On30 Scale Christmas Cars
Christmas Train Sets
G Scale Christmas Sets
HO Scale Christmas Sets
N Scale Christmas Sets
O Scale Christmas Sets
On30 Christmas Sets
New Bright Holiday Express Parts
Track and Track Accs
G Scale Track and Accs
G Scale LGB Track
G Grade Crossings
G Scale Bachmann Track
HO Scale Track and Accs
HO Scale Turntables
HO Switch Machines
Life-Like Track
HO Scale Roadbed
Walthers HO Track
Atlas Track
Bachmann HO Scale Track
HO Grade Crossings
HO Scale Bridges
See All
N Scale Track and Accs
N Scale Turntables
N Scale Roadbed
Atlas Code 65 N Scale True Track
Atlas Code 55 N Scale Track
Atlas Code 80 N Scale Track
Bachmann N Scale EZ Track
N Grade Crossings
N Scale Bridges
Peco N Scale Track
See All
O Scale Track and Accs
O Scale Bridges
O Scale Roadbed
Atlas O Scale Track (3 Rail NS)
Lionel O Scale FasTrack
O Grade Crossings
Bachmann O Scale EZ Track
Industrial Rail O Scale Track
Ballast
Scenery
Plants, Trees, and Ground Cover
Foliage / Snow / Ground Cover
Lichen
Trees - (3 in. - 6 in. tall)
Trees - (3/4 in. - 3 in. tall)
Trees - (6 in. - 9 in. tall)
Plants
HO Scale Scenery
HO Scene Enhancements
HO Signs and Signals
HO Street Lighting
HO Tunnels / Portals / Walls
Woodland Scenics HO Scale Kits
HO Scale Vehicles
HO Scale Backgrounds
HO Buildings and Structures
HO Scale Figures
See All
N Scale Scenery
N Scale Trackside Accs
N Signs and Signals
N Tunnels / Portals / Walls
Woodland Scenics N Scale Kits
N Scale Vehicles
N Scale Buildings and Structures
N Scale Figures
N Scale Lighting
N Scale Scene Enhancements
O Scale Scenery
O Scale Street Lights
O Signs and Signals
O Tunnels / Portals / Walls
O Scale Buildings and Structures
O Scale Figures
O Scale Scene Enhancements
O Scale Vehicles
G Scale Scenery
G Scale Street Lights
Landscaping and Trackside Accs
G Scale Figures
G Scale Scene Enhancements
Landscape and Terrain
Landscaping Foam
Scenery Materials
Water
Rocks and Boulders
Paint
Water Soluable Paints
Non-Water Soluable Paints
Scenery Learning Kits
Woodland Scenics Just Plug
Scratch Building Materials
Freight Cars
G Scale Freight Cars
G Tank Cars
G Cabooses
G Reefers
G Logging Cars
G Circus Cars
G Stock Cars
G Hoppers
G Box Cars
G Flat Cars
See All
HO Freight and Maintenance Cars
HO Scale Gondolas
HO Hoppers
HO Refrigerated Cars
HO Stock Cars
HO Tank Cars
HO Utility and Action Cars
HO Intermodal Cars
HO Logging Cars
HO Cranes
See All
N Freight and Maintenance Cars
N Scale Gondola
N Scale Hoppers
N Scale Stock Cars
N Scale Tank Cars
N MOW and Crane Cars
N Intermodal Cars
N Autocarriers
N Refrigerated Cars
N Scale Box Cars
See All
O Scale Freight Cars
O Scale Gondolas
O Scale Hoppers
O Scale Reefers
O Scale Tank Cars
O Scale Box Cars
O Scale Cabooses
O Scale Flat Cars
O Scale Stock Cars
On30 Freight Cars
Passenger Cars
On30 Passenger Cars
G Scale Passenger Cars
HO Scale Passenger Cars
HO Sleeper Cars
HO Trollies and Cable Cars
HO Dome Cars
HO Baggage Cars
HO Cafe / Dining Cars
HO Coaches
HO Lounge Cars
HO Mail / Postal Cars
HO Observation Cars
See All
N Scale Passenger Cars
N Dome Cars
N Coaches
N Lounge Cars
N Observation Cars
N Trollies and Cable Cars
N Baggage Cars
N Commuter Cars / Cabs
N Food Service Cars
N Passenger Car Sets
See All
O Scale Passenger Cars
G Scale Trollies and Street Cars
O Trollies and Cable Cars
Diesel & Electric Locomotives
HO Scale Diesel Locomotives
HO Sound Equipped Diesels
Kato HO Scale Diesels
Model Power HO Scale Diesels
Proto Series HO Scale Diesels
Walthers HO Scale Diesels
Athearn HO Scale Diesels
Atlas HO Scale Diesels
Bachmann HO DCC On-Board Diesels
Bachmann HO Scale Diesels
See All
HO Scale Electric Locomotives
N Scale Diesel Locomotives
Proto N Scale Diesels
Sound Equipped N Scale Diesels
Spectrum Series N Scale Diesels
DCC Equipped N Scale Diesels
Walthers N Scale Diesels
Bachmann N Scale Diesels
Kato N Scale Diesels
Model Power N Scale Diesels
O Scale Diesel Locos
Steam Locomotives
Steam Locomotives - G Scale
Steam Locomotives - HO Scale
Spectrum Series HO Steam
Bachmann HO DCC On Board Steam
Athearn Genesis HO Steam
Bachmann HO Scale Steam
Broadway Limited HO Scale Steam
HO Sound Equipped Steam
Model Power HO Scale Steam
Athearn HO Scale Steam
HO Scale Big Boy's
Steam Locomotives - N Scale
Sound Equipped N Scale Steam
DCC Equipped N Scale Steam
Atlas N Scale Steam
Athearn N Scale Steam
Bachmann N Scale Steam
Kato N Scale Steam
Model Power N Scale Steam
Steam Locomotives - O Scale
Steam Locomotives - On30
Accessories / Misc.
Gift Certificates
Smoke Fluid and Generators
Adhesives / Glues / Cements
Cyanoacrylate (CA)
Plastic Cement
Books and Videos
G Scale Accessories
G Scale Couplers
G Scale Wheels
G Tunnels / Portals / Walls
HO Scale Accessories
HO Scale Couplers
HO Wheels
HO Track Cleaning Cars
Track Maintenance
N Scale Accessories
N Scale Track Cleaning Cars
N Scale Couplers
N Scale Wheels
O Scale Accessories
O Scale Track Side Accs.
Tools
Grease and Oil
Wooden Railway & Toy Trains
Wooden Railway Trains
Wooden Railway Battery Powered Engines
Wooden Railway Multi-car Trains
Wooden Railway Vehicles
Wooden Railway Wagons
Wooden Railway Locomotives
Wooden Railway Accessories
Wooden Railway Bridges
Wooden Railway Buildings
Wooden Railway Crossings and Signals
Wooden Railway Play Tables
Wooden Railway Remote Control
Wooden Railway Track
Wooden Railway Tunnels
Children's Railroad DVDs
Thomas Wooden Railway
Wooden Railway - New Releases
Gifts for Young Engineers
Last Chance Wooden Railway
Wooden Railway Christmas
Wooden Railway Clearance
Wooden Train Sets
BigJigs Wooden Railway
Lionel Imagineering
Thomas Electric Trains
Thomas Trains - HO Scale
Thomas Trains - O Scale
Thomas Trains - G Scale
Military Trains and Scenery
HO Military Trains
N Scale Military Trains
Chuggington Electric Trains
Used / Refurbished / Parts
More...
Sale Items
Super Savers
Last Chance
Gift Certificates
Shop by Brand
Help
Home/
Privacy Policy
Effective date: August 28, 2018 Train Sets Only ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.trainsetsonly.com website (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy for Train Sets Only is powered by FreePrivacyPolicy.com. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://www.trainsetsonly.com Information Collection And Use We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. Types of Data Collected Personal Data While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage Data
Usage Data We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Tracking & Cookies Data We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings. Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Use of Data Train Sets Only uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain the Service To notify you about changes to our Service To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so To provide customer care and support To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service To monitor the usage of the Service To detect, prevent and address technical issues
Transfer Of Data Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Train Sets Only will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Disclosure Of Data Legal Requirements Train Sets Only may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property of Train Sets Only To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Service Providers We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
Links To Other Sites Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. Children's Privacy Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. Changes To This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: custserv@trainsetsonly.com By phone number: 8154624720 By mail: The Train Shanty, Inc.
Join Our Newsletter
Copyright © 2001-2020, The Train Shanty, Inc d/b/a Train Sets Only.