https://www.diplomacompany.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIE NOTICE
Date of Last Revision: July 2020
Thank you for visiting our site, DiplomaCompany.com. We (or “Diploma Company”) created this policy to provide you with information about how we collect, use, share and protect information from our Sites, mobile, purchases, social media pages (collectively called the “Site” or “Sites”). Your use of the Sites constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice and consent to the practices described herein.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
This section describes the information we collect, including information that you provide to us, information automatically collected and information from third parties.
Information You Provide
If you register at a Site, make purchases, sign up to receive emails or other offers or communications, we collect and store the information provided. This information includes Personal Information (information that can be used to identify you as an individual) such as your name, social media handle, email, telephone number, home address, and payment information (such as account or credit card number). You may also be asked for demographic information (such as age, product preferences, age, zip code).
You may also be able to register and log in using a social media account, including your Facebook account. When you use a social media account to log into the Sites, you may also be able to use certain social features on the Sites. For Facebook log in, Facebook will ask your permission to share certain information from your Facebook account with the Site. This may include your first name, last name, gender, profile picture, list of friends, a link to your Facebook profile, likes and other data that is part of your or your friends’ Facebook profile(s). This information is collected by Facebook and is provided to us under the terms of Facebook’s privacy policy. You can control the information that we receive from Facebook using the privacy settings in your Facebook account.
Automatically Collected Information
Site Usage Information: Diploma Company and its third–party service providers may also use a variety of technologies that passively or automatically collect information about how the Sites are accessed and used ("Usage Information"), including but not limited to your browser type, device type, operating system, application version, the pages served to you, the time you browse, preceding page views, and your use of features or applications on the Sites.
Device Identifiers: Diploma Company also automatically collects an IP address or other unique identifier information ("Device Identifier") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, "Device") you use to access the Sites. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a web site or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, administer the Sites, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page movements, help identify you and your shopping cart, and gather broad demographic information.
Cookies: Like many web sites, we use "Cookies," which are data files placed on a Device when it is used to visit the Sites to facilitate site navigation and to personalize your experience, including tailoring advertisements. Cookies may also be used to associate you with social networking Sites like Facebook and Twitter and, if you so choose, enable interaction between your activities on the Sites and your activities on such social networking Sites.
If you would prefer not to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; or set your browser to automatically not accept any cookies. However, please be aware that some features and services on our Sites may not work properly because we may not be able to recognize and associate you with your account. In addition, the offers we provide when you visit us may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests. To learn more about cookies, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
HOW DO WE SHARE OUR INFORMATION?
Diploma Company may share your information:
with service providers (e.g. our vendors and agencies) to run the Sites, provide products, services and fulfilling purchases (we do not sell or share Personal Information for use outside of Diploma Company);
in order to fulfill product purchases and processing transactions, including billing and/or shipping in connection with the purchase of goods and services; or
as permitted or required by law.
Your Agreement To Have Your Personal Information Shared: While on Diploma Company Sites, you may have the opportunity to opt–in to receive information and/or marketing offers from someone else, or to otherwise consent to the sharing of your information with a third party, including social networking Sites such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter. If you agree to have your Personal Information shared with a third party, your Personal Information will be disclosed to the third party and will be subject to the privacy policy and business practices of that third party.
Legal Disclosure: Diploma Company may transfer and disclose information, including your Personal Information, Usage Information and Device Identifier, (including IP address), to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms and Conditions or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Sites or the public.
HOW DOES DIPLOMA COMPANY PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
Diploma Company maintains reasonable safeguards to protect Personal Information against loss, unauthorized use, disclosure or destruction and when transferring information for processing. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Diploma Company restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information and have agreed to keep such information confidential.
YOUR CHOICES, ADVERTISING OPT-OUT, TEXT MESSAGE OPT-OUT
You may change your preferences and unsubscribe from email services by: (i) modifying your account information; (ii) sending us an email; (iii) following the unsubscribe instructions in the communication that you receive (such as an email or SMS message).
You may receive text message notifications to alert you of information regarding your orders. You can cancel this service at any time. Just reply text "STOP" to cancel. Message and data rates may apply.
If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt out of certain network advertising programs through the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Opt–Out Page. Please note that even if you choose to remove your information (opt out) you will still see advertisements while you are browsing online.
CHILDREN
Individuals under the age of majority in your state of residence are not eligible to use this Site and may not submit any personal information to us. Diploma Company does not knowingly collect or store information from children under 13, nor are the Sites directed to children. If you are under age 13, please do not attempt to register or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under age 13, please contact us.
OTHER SITES
The Sites may contain links to third party Sites that are not owned or operated by Diploma Company. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and/or partners. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these other sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other sites may send their own cookies or other tracking devices to your Device they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of our Sites (including those linked to through an email or social networking page). The sites may make available chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. Remember that any information that you disclose in these areas becomes public information and is not subject to the provisions of this Privacy and Cookie Notice.
CONSENT TO PROCESSING OF INFORMATION
The Site is governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of, the United States, and are intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States. Diploma Company makes no representation that the Sites are governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation. Given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Sites, or providing us with any information, you (a) acknowledge that the Sites are subject to the laws of the United States, (b) consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable territories in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen, and (c) waive any claims that may arise under those laws.
CHANGES AND POLICY UPDATES
Please note, we may change information on the Sites and/or this Privacy and Cookie Notice, at any time without prior notice to you, and any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy and Cookie Notice on the Site. Diploma Company will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy and Cookie Notice in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy and Cookie Notice, please contact us at:
Diploma Company Customer Care
Telephone: 866-687-5403
Or send us an e-mail with your request.
This Privacy Policy and Cookie Notice was last updated in July 2020.
Important!
Product & Service Guarantee
Company Restrictions
Testimonial Disclaimer
Fraud Policy
Some Ramblings
Our Sitemap
Site Terms
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
Contact Diploma Company
Phone:866-687-5403
Email:Message Us
Working Days/Hours:M-F 10AM-6PM CST
Main Benefits With Us!
Raised Seals & Text Available!
Fast & Free Shipping!
Free Proofs!
Amazing Customer Support!
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed!
Latest Articles
Essential Points of a Fake GED
Are You About to Buy GED Online? Here Is What You Need to Know
A Fake College Degree Can Help Turn Your Life Around
Interesting Benefits of Fake Novelty Degrees
Copyright 2020 © DiplomaCompany.com, Document Crafters