http://www.dancedirect.com/privacy-policy
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. More info
Dancewear Dance Shoes Uniforms Accessories Gymnastics Costumes Revolution Christmas Clearance
Dancewear
Leotards
Leotards Fashion Dancewear Catsuits & Unitards Black Leotards View All
Tutus & Skirts
Ballet Skirts & Tutus Character Skirts & Tunics Tutus Tutu Skirts View All
Tops
T-Shirts & Casual Tops Crop Tops & Vests Crossovers View All
Legwear
Dance Pants & Leggings Shorts & Hot Pants Leg Warmers View All
Ballroom
Dancewear Mens & Boys Tops Accessories View All
Men & Boys
Leotards Legwear Ballroom T-Shirts & Tops View All
Warm Ups
T-Shirts & Tops Leggings, Pants & Shorts Cardigans & Hoodies All-in-One View All
Dance Underwear
Tights & Socks Dance Bras Dance Briefs & Thongs Body Stockings View All
Dance Fitness
Capezio - Activewear Collection
Dansez - Healthy Seas Collection Leggings Fitness Bras View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes
Leather Ballet Shoes Canvas Ballet Shoes Satin Ballet Shoes Pointe Shoes View All
Jazz Shoes
Leather Jazz Shoes Canvas Jazz Shoes PU & Mesh Jazz Shoes Full Sole Jazz Shoes View All
Tap Shoes
Leather Tap Shoes Canvas Tap Shoes PU Tap Shoes Low Heel Tap Shoes View All
Character Shoes
Leather Character Shoes Canvas Character Shoes PU Character Shoes Low Heel Character Shoes View All
Contemporary Shoes
Foot Thongs Warm Up Booties View All
Mens Dance Shoes
Mens Ballet Shoes Mens Ballroom Shoes Mens Character Shoes Mens Jazz Shoes View All
Uniforms
Associated Board of Dance International Dance Teachers Association Imperial Society of Teachers of Dancing National Association of Teachers of Dancing
Royal Academy Of Dance United Kingdom Alliance United Teachers of Dance
Accessories
Costume Accessories
Animal Masks, Ears & Tails Bandanas Belts & Braces Boas View All
Dance Accessories
Dance Bags Dance Gifts Hair Accessories Feet & Body Accessories View All
Gymnastics
Gymnastics Leotards Gymnastics Shorts Gymnastics Tops
Gymnastics Skirts
Costumes
60s, 70s & 80s Around The World Animals & Bugs Boys Costumes Broadway Clowns Cowboys, Cowgirls & Native Americans Fairies Fairytales & Make Believe Flappers, Gangsters & Molls Pirates & Sailors Pop Stars, Punk & Street Rock & Roll Seasonal Spooky Uniforms & Military Wartime & Period
Ballet Boys Costumes Debut & First Performance Jazz & Tap Lyrical & Contemporary
Tutus Two In Ones Urban & Commercial
Revolution
Costumes
Ballet Character Contemporary + Lyrical Debut View All
Dancewear
Leotards Dresses Tights + Underwear Skirts + Bottoms View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes Jazz Shoes Tap Shoes Contemporary Shoes View All
Christmas
Gifts Stocking Fillers Under £10 Under £20
Dancewear Dance Bags Dance at Home
Clearance
Dancewear
Leotards Leggings & Shorts Skirts T-Shirts & Tops View All
Costumes
Ballet Contemporary & Lyrical Debut Gentlemen View All
Dance Shoes
Ballet Shoes Ballroom Shoes Jazz Shoes Tap Shoes View All
Accessories
Costume Accessories Dance Accessories View All
Gymnastics
Gymnastics Leotards Gymnastics Tops Gymnastics Shorts View All
Free UK Returns
Free Delivery on orders over £40
< View All Home
Home
Privacy Policy
Dance Direct Privacy Policy
What is the purpose of a Privacy Policy?
We are one of the largest dancewear suppliers in the world. We have a reputation for quality products and great services and so that we can provide you with our website, services and products we may need to collect personal information about you.
We want you to use our website and services safe in the knowledge that any personal information you give us is held in accordance with the law. We have written this Privacy Policy to tell you:
What personal information we collect about you when you use the Website
How we use your personal information
Who we may share your personal information with
Any transfer of personal information outside of the EEA
How long we keep your personal information
What we do to protect your personal information
What choices you have in relation to your personal information
Dance Direct is a trading name of International Dance Supplies Ltd.
This website is owned and operated by International Dance Suppliers Ltd (IDS). Our registered address is Harlequin House, Forde Court, Newton Abbot, Devon, TQ12 4BT.
We would welcome any comments or queries you may have about this website or how we deal with your personal information. You can contact us at jan@ids.co.uk.
We last updated this Privacy Statement in July 2019.
Personal Information we collect about you
What information we collect about you
We may collect the following information about you:
your name and address and name of your dance school or company
your contact details including email address and telephone number
the contact details of your dance school or company
what kind of products you are interested in
details of products we have provided to you in the past
your payment details (including bank account, credit card details, billing and delivery addresses)
information you provide to us if you enter a competition to model for us
information you provide to us if you complete a survey
information you submit if you use our online chat service
details of visits to our website and the pages that you viewed.
We collect information about you in two different ways:
Identifiable information – this is information that allows us to identify you such as name and email address, telephone number etc
Anonymous information – we may use cookies to collect information that does not personally identify you but gives us information about your likes and dislikes so that we can ensure that our products and services are tailored to what our customers want.
Personal Information you give us
We may collect personal information about you when you:
Create an account
Purchase goods from us
Fill in an enquiry form
Contact us by email or post
Contact us by telephone
Contact us via online chat
Enter a competition
Complete a survey
Personal Information we collect automatically
When you visit our website or use our services, we may collect certain information automatically such as:
Your IP address (the name your computer used to identify itself to you)
The number of times you visited our website
The pages that you visit
If you want to know more about how we use cookies, you can find more information here.
Personal Information we collect from other sources
We work with a number of other organisations such as payment processing companies, credit reference agencies, internet search engines, marketing organisations and cookie providers who may provide us with information about you.
We may collect personal information from the following organisations:
Google Analytics
Social Media Cookies and Plug ins – Facebook, Twitter
Payment Provider Cookies – for anti-fraud purposes
How we use your Personal Information
We may use your information in the following ways:
to provide you with the products you have asked for
to provide you with the services you have asked for
to allow you to set up an online dancewear shop via www.mydancestore.co.uk
to allow you to sell products to students of your dance school
to send you marketing materials (if you have agreed to this)
to contact you about a request you may have made
to process your payment
to fulfil any contracts you have entered into with us
to analyse and tailor the products that we offer to you with your needs and interests
to comply with any legal obligation (such as tax laws) or as otherwise required by law or regulation
to prevent and detect fraud
to tell you about changes to our services or website
to help us develop the website and make it better for all users
to get your feedback on our website and services
to administer our website (such as troubleshooting, data analysis, research)
to keep our website safe and secure
Our legal basis for using your information
The law only allows us to use your personal information in certain limited circumstances. We have listed these below and what information they allow us to process.
1.) Where you have consented to us using your personal information
When you submit information to us on our website to ask us a question or request further information about our products, we will process that information in order to comply with your request for further information.
If you ask us to open a customer account for you, we will use your information to provide you with an account which can also be used on our other website www.mydancestore.co.uk.
We will ask for you consent if you fill in one of our surveys, enter a competition/audition to appear in our catalogue or website.
2.) Where we need to perform the contract we have entered into with you
Examples of how we may use your information in order to comply with a contract that we have entered into with you:
to provide the goods you have requested
to provide the services you have requested
to provide you with a catalogue with our most up to date prices
to tell you about changes to our website or our services
to help us (or our software developers) improve the website
3.) Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests
We may provide you with marketing information (via email) about our own products and services similar to those that you have purchased or enquired about (unless you tell us to stop).
4.) Where we need to comply with a legal obligation
Examples of how we may use your information to fulfil a legal obligation
Keeping records for tax purposes
Our Marketing
We may provide you with information about our products, services, special offers, and other news where we feel these may interest you but only where you have not told us to stop.
We may use your information for market research and analysis so that we can ensure that we tailor our offers to your likes and needs.
Depending on what contact information you have given to us, we may contact you by email or post. We will only do this where you have consented to receiving such information from us.
You can opt out of such marketing at any time and If you wish to do so, please email us at jan@ids.co.uk
Sharing your Personal Information
We may share your personal information with any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 Companies Act 2006.
Other third parties
We may share your information with certain other third parties including:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 Companies Act 2006 for marketing communications and where these companies assist us in providing services or otherwise administering our group operations
Our business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you
Our website providers who need to see your information in order to keep our website up and running
Analytics and search engine providers who analyse information about your use of our website and help us to tailor the product and offers that we offer to you and other users
We work with the following organisations:
Amazon AWS - Cloud data storage services (www.amazon.com)
Microsoft 365 –Email and Microsoft Applications, including PowerBI (www.microsoft.com)
Khaos Control
PayPal
Stripe
Sage Pay
Google Analytics
Legal Requirements and Law Enforcement
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we sell our business in which case the personal information that we hold will be part of the transferred assets
If we are required by law, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use. This includes exchanging information with other organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction
Third Party Privacy Policies
Our site may contain links to websites owned by other organisations. If you follow a link to another website, these websites they will have their own privacy policy. We suggest that you check the policies of any other websites before giving them your personal information as we cannot accept responsibility for any other website.
Where we store your Personal Information
Storage of Personal Information
We are committed to ensuring that our suppliers have appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures in place to ensure that your information is protected against loss or misuse. All personal information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers or on secure servers operated by a third party located in the EEA.
All third parties who provide services or software to us are required to sign a contract requiring them to have appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures in place to ensure that your information is protected against loss or misuse.
Retention of information
We only hold your personal information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which we collected your information.
We have a retention policy which lays down timescales for the retention of information. Customer retention periods can be found below:
Type of Documents
Description of Document
Retention Period
Marketing Database
Name and contact details of people expressing interest in our goods or services
3 years from last order or interaction                                                .
Order Database
Name and contact details of all customers including emails, addresses and payment information
7 years after last order.
Emails
If you chose to send us information via email, we cannot guarantee the security of this information until it is delivered to us.
Your rights
Access to information
You have the right to access information that we hold about you. If you wish to receive a copy of the information that we hold, please contact at jan@ids.co.uk or write to us at the address above
Changing or deleting your information
You can ask us at any time to change, amend or delete the information that we hold about you or ask us not to contact you with any further marketing information. You can also ask us to restrict the information that we process about you.
You can request that we change, amend, delete your information or restrict our processing by emailing us at jan@ids.co.uk.
Right to prevent Automated decision making
You have a right to ask us to stop any automated decision making. We do not intentionally carry out such activities, but if you do have any questions or concerns we would be happy to discuss them with you and you can contact us at jan@ids.co.uk.
Transferring Personal Information
You have the right to request that your personal information is transferred by us to another organisation (this is called “data portability”). Please contact us at jan@ids.co.uk with the details of what you would like us to do and we will try our best to comply with your request. If may not be technically feasible, but we will work with you to try and find a solution.
Complaints
If you make a request to us under this Privacy Policy and you are unhappy with the response, you can ask for the request to be reviewed under our internal complaints procedure. Our internal complaints procedure allows your request to be reviewed by a director who will do their best to try and resolve the issue.
If you have been through the internal complaints procedure and are still not happy with the result, then you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office. They can be contacted as follows:
Website: www.ico.org.uk  Telephone: 03031231113
Address: Information Commissioners Office
Wycliffe House
Water Lane
Wilmslow
Cheshire
SK9 5AF
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We review our Privacy Policy on a frequent basis to check that it accurately reflects how we deal with your information and may amend it if necessary. You should check this page regularly to see the most up to date information.
How to Contact us
We welcome questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy which can be sent to jan@ids.co.uk.
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Data Retention Policy
GDPR Statement
Image Licence
Other Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns