http://www.halperns.ca/page/letushelpmu
- McCarthy Uniforms - School and Workplace Uniforms
Please note that our retail stores will be closed on October 13 2020 as part of an extended long weekend closure to reward our team with a bonus vacation day for their hard work on the front lines in 2020.
Thanks for understanding and supporting our people-first business ! Our website is open 24/7 so you can continue to place online orders on your school or workplace store !
Free shipping over $79. Click & Collect pickup available for all school uniform orders.
Shop
Search For Your School or Workplace e-store
Visit a Retail or Pop Up Location
Shop Using Our Call Centre
Shop kids essentials on our Navy & White e-store
Learn More
Build a School Uniform Program
Build a Workplace Uniform Program
Build a Team or Spiritwear Program
Raise Funds Through Our Rewards Programs
Inside McCarthy Uniforms
Our History
Our Mission & Values
Our Team
Our Board of Advisors
Our Commitment to Community
Our Commitment to Social Responsibility
Join our Team
What's New
Whats the Buzz?
Account
Students
Order History
Sign Out
Sign in
Message about privacy policy here. Read our Terms and Conditions.
Accept
Let Us Help
Shop Online & by Phone To Avoid Wait Times:
We are excited to welcome a limited number of walk in customers into our stores.
However, we want to do our part in keeping our communities safe and are following strict social distancing guidelines set out by the BC, Alberta and Ontario governments. This means we can serve less people in our stores than we normally do. Walk-in customers will be served on a first-come, first-served basis and we anticipate longer than normal wait times. Thank you for your patience. To avoid long wait times you can shop online (for curbside pick-up or ship to home), shop through our call centre or visit your store location. Limited appointments have been fully booked.
How do I shop for my school uniform in 2020?
You can purchase our products online at your e-store or through our call centre at 416-593-6900 (within the Greater Toronto Area) or 1-800-668-8261.
During the COVID-19 crisis, we are working closely to adhere to the highest standards of public health.
Our approach to retail location service models is highly dependent on regional public health guidelines.
Please visit our location
page to find out what the unique service model at your location is.
Click here to view video -
"How to shop for my school uniform in 2020?"
How do I register to access my school uniform e-store?
Registering is easy ! Visit our
registration page
to submit your name, email, along with your student & school data.
We take your privacy seriously so you will be asked to validate your email and set a secure password.
When complete, you will have full access to your custom e-store including your order history !
If, at any time during the registration process you have questions, you can use the handy web chat feature in the bottom right hand corner of our web page screen.
Click here to view video on how to register
How do I measure?
Make sure you fill out your measurement worksheet before you start looking for your correct sizes.
Measurement Worksheet
Please view our measuring video to help assist you achieve your accurate measurements.
How do I measure?
What is McCarthy’s doing to ensure the safety of my community and its team during the COVID-19 crisis?
McCarthy Uniforms has had a task force in place working closely with public health officials, industry advisors and school boards to ensure health and safety is our number one priority.
Our locations have stringent sanitization and quarantine guidelines and all our staff are required to wear PPE, including masks and gloves.
Our policy is not to put used or exchanged product back ‘on the shelf’ without a deep steam and two-week wait period.
Given that all of our back to school inventory was in place in January 2020, our product has not been recently handled by non-McCarthy employees.
Do you require customers visiting your store to wear PPE ?
Yes, customers visiting a McCarthy location for curbside pick-up or for appointments (depending on your regional guidelines) will be required to wear a mask.
This is to ensure the safety of your broader community and our team.
If a customer does not have a mask, locations will have in-stock re-usable masks for purchase for $2.50.
Do you provide any PPE for teachers, families and students returning to school?
Yes. McCarthy’s is pleased to expand our access to PPE (normally reserved for our workplace segment customers) across all school and community consumer shopping as well.
Visit our
PPE
homepage to access masks, face shields, scrubs, gowns and sanitizers at value wholesale pricing.
Our mask options will include custom-made child sizes & patterns available for a limited time beginning June 15th, 2020.
What is the difference between school uniforms & plain essentials?
Your school uniform e-store includes all the relevant information about a school’s specific school uniform policy and sets out the crested unique items created just for your school community!
You can access your school uniform store by searching your school name in the search bar on our homepage.
Our
Navy & White
and/or
Essentials
e-stores provides no-logo, classic clothes (for pre-K to adult). The majority of our line come in navy blue or white to comply with many school board appropriate dress code guidelines.
Where can I find out about discounts or offers available?
We offer a number of bundles to save you time and money! Check out the What’s New section of our website for updates on how you can save time & money!
How do I extend the life of my products and ensure maximum durability?
Our products are easy to care for and designed for maximum durability, including features like reinforced knees, extra strength yarn and adjustable waists. Easy wash instructions are included with each garment, but no extra special care is required—even for dress pants!
How to shop online?
SCHOOL
For your school uniforms, search your school here:
close
NAVY AND WHITE
For your Navy & White dress code or plain essentials:
SHOP PLAIN ESSENTIALS
How to shop via phone?
Our call centre is fully staffed with experienced uniform specialists who can anticipate and meet all your uniform needs.
Telephone Number:
416-593-6900
Toll Free Number: 1-800-668-8261
Email: customerservice@mccarthyuniforms.ca
Check our call centre hours
Locations
Careers
Join our Team
Whats the Buzz?
Call Center: 416-593-6900 | 1-800-668-8261
Connect with a qualified uniform specialist or customer service.
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Returns
FAQ
McCarthy Uniforms Inc.