http://www.lagassegallery.com/privacy.htm

Home

Artists

Portfolio

Galleries

Testimonials

How to Order

Contact
Us 졆
blog

Help
We respect each consumer's opinion and choice regarding their
privacy online and offline. The following policies disclose
our information gathering and dissemination practices for our online
LaGasse Gallery Web site (LaGasse Gallery.com) and our offline LaGasse
Gallery print catalog.
What information is collected and how is it used when I visit
LaGasse Gallery Online? Our site automatically recognizes only
the home server of visitors, not the personally identifiable e-mail
address. We may use this information to help diagnose problems with
our server and to administer our Web site. In addition, we aggregate
information on the pages that consumers access or visit and use
the information to improve the content of our Web page.
What are "Cookies" and how are they used? "Cookies" are
small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your
computer's hard drive. We use cookies to record session information,
such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
What information do you collect when I place an order, request
a catalog or other information? When placing an order for merchandise
or for a catalog or general information, we request and collect
as necessary your: e-mail address, name, street address, delivery
address if different, City/Sate/Zip, telephone number and credit
card number and expiration date ( orders only ).
How will LaGasse Gallery use the information I provide? The
information we receive allows us to tailor our product offer and
improve your shopping experience, making shopping easier and more
enjoyable. It also enables us to process your purchases, confirm
your orders, customize the content and layout of our pages, notify
you about updates to our websites and products, and provide you
with marketing information. The information you supply to us is
added to our customer database. You may receive periodic mailings
from us about new products and services, discounts, special promotions
or upcoming events.
If you do not want to receive such mailings from us,
please contact us at the e-mail below and specify "Do Not Mail LaGasse
Gallery Catalog" in your communication along with your exact name
and address.
We periodically email our customer list about new products and
services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. If you
do not wish to receive such emails in the future, simply click the
"unsubscribe" link on any promotional email you receive from us.
All your private data is confidential. We
will never sell, exchange or market it in any way.
How will my telephone number be used? LaGasse Gallery will
contact you by telephone only in the event that the need arises
to communicate with you directly regarding the processing of your
order or inquiry. Telephone numbers are not shared with third parties,
except for the delivery carrier of your order, i.e., FedEx,
UPS, US
Postal Service.
How will my credit card number be used? Your credit card
number and expiration are used to process your current transaction
through our third-party payment processor, PayPal.com.
For your security and ours, we do not store credit card information
on our online server.
What else should you know about your privacy?
Links to Other Sites. Our Site contains
hyperlinks and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties.
These links are provided for your reference only. We do not control,
operate or endorse in any respect information, products or services
on such third-party sites and are not responsible for their content.
Many third-party sites have their own privacy policies that differ
from ours. This privacy policy only covers our Site and does not
cover any other site. While we make every effort to keep your information
secure, we do not control the policies of other sites.
Security We always use industry-standard encryption technologies
when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our
site. Despite these efforts, we cannot guarantee the security of
your information given the current state of the Internet. We also
do not undertake to maintain information about you for a duration
greater than as provided by law, rule or regulation.
Updates to our policy: From time to time, we may use customer
information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed
in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at
some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our
Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the
ability to Opt-out of these new uses. If you are concerned about
how your information is used, you should check back at our Web
site periodically.
Privacy
Policy
Home졆
Artists

Portfolio

Galleries

Testimonials

How
to Order 졆
Contact
퇏Links
퇏Help
Order Online
24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week, 365 Days a Year!
All personal information you
submit is encrypted and 100% secure!
Copyright
 1995-2011 AJ LaGasse, Melelina LaGasse, LaGasse
Studio, LaGasse Gallery. All Rights Reserved. The copyright for all artwork
remains with the artist. View LaGasse Gallery's Privacy
Policy.
Website
Design by LaGasse Media
Abstract Art for Sale | Original Paintings | Fine
Art for Sale