http://www.raingler.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Search
SHOP BY VEHICLE OR CATEGORY
UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS
UNIVERSAL NET BUILDER
ALL UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS
TRUCK BED & TAILGATE NETS
DOG ACCESSORIES
GRAB HANDLES
ROOF RACK NETS
CEILING NETS
CARGO NETS
GRAB HANDLES
ACCESSORIES & MORE
HOLIDAY STUFF!
HOLIDAY CLEARANCE
DOG STUFF
FLEET/GOVT
CUSTOM WORK
INSTALL
VIDEOS & DOCS
YOUTUBE
SHOPS
TERMS OF SALE
CONTACT
REVIEWS
SAMPLES
ABOUT
GIFT CARD
Account
Privacy Policy
Offroad Concepts Privacy Policy
Offroad Concepts takes privacy protection issues seriously. This Privacy Policy was designed to describe how we handle personally identifiable information collected from our customers.We may revise this policy, from time to time, so please check back often. If you have questions about Offroad Concept's privacy practices please contact us at info@Raingler.com.
What this Privacy Policy Covers:  This privacy policy covers Offroad Concepts' treatment of personally identifiable information collected by Offroad Concepts from customer's (hereafter "customer" or "you(r)") who purchase our products.This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Offroad Concepts does not own or control, or of persons that Offroad Concepts does not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any third-party websites to which Offroad Concepts’ website links.
Collection and Use of Personal Information:  You can visit Offroad Concepts’ website without revealing any personal information. However, Offroad Concepts needs certain personal information if you wish to purchase our products. When you purchase products from Offroad Concepts, we ask for your contact information (such as your name, street address and e-mail address), as well as certain billing information, such as your credit card number. Offroad Concepts will use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with requested products, to set up your account, and to contact you regarding new products and services.In the course of processing a payment transaction, we typically receive information related to the transaction from the credit card processing institution. This normally includes confirmation of the payment and the information furnished by you when placing the order. Offroad Concepts does not offer services or sell products to children. Offroad Concepts does not request or knowingly collect personally identifiable contact information from anyone under the age of 13. By accessing the services of Offroad Concepts and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information Sharing and Disclosure Protecting personally identifiable information about our customers is an important part of our business. We share and disclose such information only as described below. Offroad Concepts will send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information
We need to share your information to provide the product you have requested
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of Offroad Concepts to provide a product or service to you. Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
Personally identifiable consumer information is shared with third parties (such as banks and credit card processors) to the extent necessary for Offroad Concepts to deliver payment processing information.We also may release personally identifiable information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or protect the rights, property, or safety of Offroad Concepts, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction.
Consent:  If you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information to Offroad Concepts.
Security:  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your Offroad Concepts account information is protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, Offroad Concepts uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures. Further, Offroad Concepts retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified above or as required by law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy Offroad Concepts may, at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of Offroad Concepts’ website after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Disclaimer:
Offroad Concepts LLC provides www.raingler.com as a service to the public and website owners.
Offroad Concepts LLC is not responsible for, and expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the site, while the information contained within this site is periodically updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this website is correct, complete and up to date.
Although Offroad Concepts LLC website may include links providing direct access to other internet resources, including websites, forums, blogs, social media, etc., Offroad Concepts LLC is not responsible for the accuracy of content of information in these sites.
Links from Offroad Concepts LLC to third-party sites do not constitute an endorsement by Offroad Concepts LLC of the parties or their products and services.  The appearance on the website of advertisements and product or service information does not constitute an endorsement by Offroad Concepts LLC, and Offroad Concepts LLC has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser. Product information is based solely on materials received from suppliers. Offroad Concepts LLC is GDPR Complaint.