https://www.madflowers.com/cookies-and-privacy-policy-disclaimer/
Skip to content
Home/Cookies and Privacy Policy & Disclaimer
Cookies and Privacy Policy & DisclaimerNgTXWiFyqx2020-01-30T16:09:51+00:00
COOKIES AND PRIVACY POLICY
MAD FLOWERS COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies which improve the functionality of our website and offer you the best experience. If you continue to use our site without changing your settings, then by using our site you accept the terms of our Cookie & Privacy Policy.
Cookies & Privacy Policy
This Cookies & Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) refers to the website, www.MadFlowers.com (the “Website”). The Website is operated by Mad Flowers, (“we” or “the Authority”).  Keelings Retail Unlimited Company trading as Mad Flower’s registered office is at FoodCentral, St. Margaret’s, Co. Dublin. This Privacy Policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully. Entering into this Website indicates that the user (either “user” or “you”) has reviewed this Privacy Policy and has agreed to be bound by it as well as our Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these terms you must leave the Website immediately.
What information do we collect?
We fully respect your right to privacy in relation to your interactions with the Website and endeavour to guarantee to be transparent in our dealings with you as to what information we will collect and how we will use your information. Also, we only collect and use individual user details where we have legitimate business reasons, and where we are legally entitled to do so. Information in relation to personal data collected by Irish entities is available on www.dataprotection.ie, the website of the Irish Data Protection Commissioner.
How do we collect information from you?
IP Addresses
We collect IP addresses from visitors to our Website (an IP address is a number that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet). This allows us to identify the location of users, to block disruptive use and to establish the number of visits from different countries. We analyse this data for trend and statistics reasons, such as which parts of our Website users are visiting and how long they spend there.
Cookies
We collate information on all our Website traffic that is represented in aggregate format through cookies. We use third parties such as Google Analytics to collect user information, including through the use of cookies (flash and non-flash) and web beacons. They help us to improve our Website and to deliver many of the functions that make your browser experience more user friendly. You can find a list of cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them below.
Third party cookies
You should also be aware that there are cookies which are found in other companies’ internet tools which we are using to enhance the website. You will see ‘social buttons’ on our Website, which enable you to share or bookmark the web pages. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Google
Youtube
Vimeo
Facebook
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties. These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our Website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the Website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come to the Website from and the pages they visited. Expiry depends on the cookie in question.
These cookies also count the number of unique users that share content and how many page views are generated from the resulting share, aggregated and anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the Website, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. The cookies track how many times (if any) you have visited the Website before. In addition, the cookies identifies where you’ve come from e.g. from a search engine or from another Website.
By using the Website you are agreeing to the use of cookies as described.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. For more information about cookies and managing them, including how to turn them off, please visit www.cookiecentral.com. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the Website’s essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on.
Registration Process
If users wish to utilise certain services located on specific sections of the Website, they are requested to sign up. Services that currently require some form of sign up include:
* Participation in competitions / promotions
* E – mail newsletters from the Website;
To register as a user of such services we need to collect information such as, at a minimum, an email address and a password. We may also ask some further questions so we can gain a clearer understanding of what you are interested in, in order to personalise the information we give you. You can update your personal information held and change your stated interests and whether or not you wish to receive correspondence from us. You may unsubscribe from the e-newsletter and other updates by emailing info@madflowers.com. We may ask different questions for different services, including competitions. We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Mobile Devices
Applications developed in connection with the Website for mobile devices will operate and capture information as set out above. Applications developed by us but deployed on other platforms such as social media channels may provide feedback to us on activity and usage specific to a user.
Note: If you are aged 18 or under, please get your parent/guardian’s permission before you provide any personal information to us. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
How do we use the information we collect?
We collect different types of information about our users for the following reasons:
1. To help us to monitor and improve the services we offer, including this Website. As part of this, we may use and disclose information in aggregate (so that no individuals are identified).
2. To carry out any legal obligations arising from your interaction with the Website.
3. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you to agree to be contacted by any such third parties.
Are there cases where we may use your information to contact you?
We may contact you:
• for administration reasons related to the service to which you have signed up (e.g. to provide you with password reminders or to notify you that a particular service, activity or online content has been suspended for maintenance, or in response to a question that you ask us).
• to provide you with information about our services, activities or online content. You should only receive e-newsletters or similar correspondence and updates from www.Mad Flowers.com if you have agreed to in response to any contact you have made with us, e.g. on the Mad Flowers Facebook page, or via the Contact Us facility. It will be made clear to you where you have these choices, for example, by providing tick boxes for you to decide whether you wish to receive e-newsletters.
• to invite you to participate in surveys about our services (participation is always voluntary).
Where we wish to use your personal information in any other way, we will ensure that we notify you first. You will also be given the opportunity to withhold or withdraw your consent for the use of your personal information for purposes other than those listed in this document.
Do we protect your personal information?
We do our utmost to protect user privacy through the appropriate use of the security technology: we ensure that we have appropriate physical and technological security measures to protect your information; and we ensure that when we outsource any processes that the service provider has appropriate security measures.
However, this Website contains hyperlinks to websites owned and operated by third parties. These third party websites have their own privacy policies, including cookies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and your use of such websites is at your own risk.
Who we share data with
We may disclose your personal information to any company or other corporate entity under the control and direction of Mad Flowers.
As stated above we may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these.
We reserve the right to access and disclose personal data to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate our systems properly and to protect both ourselves and our users.
We may also use service providers to help us run the Website or services available on the Website. Any third parties who access your data in the course of providing services on our behalf are subject to strict contractual restrictions to ensure that your data is protected, in compliance with data protection legislation.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, so you may wish to check it each time you submit personal information to the Website. The date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page. If you do not agree to these changes, please do not continue to use this Website to submit personal information. If material changes are made to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by placing a prominent notice on the Website.
Consent
By accessing services offered by us, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us as outlined in this Privacy Policy. By providing any personal information to us, you fully understand and clearly consent to such use and transfers as set out in this Privacy Policy.
Legal information and how to contact us
The Data Controller for the Website and services provided through the Website is Keelings Retail Unlimited Company trading as Mad Flowers, FoodCentral, St. Margaret’s, Co. Dublin, Ireland.
If you would like to obtain a copy of the personal data we hold on you, or have any queries regarding the Authority’s use of personal data please contact info@Mad Flowers.com
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our’s and a large proportion of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
Privacy Policy
Keelings Retail Unlimited Company trading as Mad Flowers (“us” and “we”) respects your right to privacy in relation to your use of this website (www.madflowers.com) (the “Site”) and this Privacy Statement sets out our policy towards safeguarding information which you disclose to us. Any personal information which you volunteer to Mad Flowers will be treated in accordance with the terms of the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and/or such amending or replacement legislation as may be adopted in Ireland from time to time.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. If you do not read or if you disagree with any aspect of the Privacy Statement, you should not use the Site. By visiting this Site and continuing to use, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Statement. Please review our Terms of Use of the Site above which also govern your use of the Site.
Collection and Use of Information
Throughout this Site you may have an opportunity to provide us with information relating to you such as your name, email address, home address, telephone number, etc. We use information held about you to ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you, to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so, to notify you about changes to our service.
Personal information which we collect from you will only be used for the purposes for which it was provided by you and will not be released to any third parties except to the extent set out below.
If at any time after giving us this personal information you decide that you no longer wish us to hold or use this information, or in the case that the information becomes out of date or inaccurate, you are free to notify us in writing to the email address set out below, and we will endeavour to remove or rectify the information promptly and in any event we will respond to your request within 40 days of receipt of such request.
We do not collect or keep your personal information for any longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Mad Flowers will not disclose your personal information with any third party except as described in this Privacy Statement or as otherwise agreed by you.
You acknowledge and agree that in certain circumstances we may be obliged to disclose personal information relating to you to third parties for example where we work with third parties to provide certain services on our Site or in order to conform to any requirements of law or to comply with any legal process.
Right of Access and Rectification
You have a right to access your personal information which we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee). To exercise this right, you must write to the following address: Keelings Retail Unlimited Company trading as Mad Flowers, FoodCentral, St. Margaret’s, Co. Dublin.
You should include any personal identifiers which you supplied earlier via the Site (e.g. name; address; phone number; e-mail address).
Cookies
You should be aware that each time you visit a Site, general information about your visit is retained. Statistical and other analytical information is collected on an aggregate and non-individual specific basis of all browsers who visit the Site. This statistical and analytical information provides us with general and not individually specific information about the number of people who visit this Site; the number of people who return to this Site; the pages that they visit; where they were before they came to this Site and the page and Site at which they exited. This information helps us monitor traffic on our Site, so that we can manage the Site’s capacity and efficiency. It also helps us to understand which parts of this Site are most popular, and generally to assess user behaviour and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site. This type of non-personal information and data can be collected through the standard operation of our Internet servers and logs as well as “cookies”. One simple way to prevent the use of cookies is to activate the facility which is available in most web browsers that enables you to deny or accept cookies.
Links to Third Party Sites
You should also be aware that where you link to another website from our Site, we have no control over that other website. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that the controller of that website will respect your privacy in the same manner as Mad Flowers.
Amendments
Mad Flowers reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend this Privacy Statement at any time, and you should regularly check this Privacy Statement for any amendments we make.
Disclaimer
Neither Mad Flowers, its directors, employees, servants and agents, affiliates or other representatives shall be liable in respect of claims, liabilities, costs, demands, causes of action, damages, losses, expenses (including without limitation, reasonable legal fees and costs of proceedings) arising out of or in connection with your access to or use of the Site or the use and/or dissemination of personal information relating to you in accordance with this Privacy Statement and your consents.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Statement is governed by the laws of Ireland and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.
Questions or comments?
If you wish to contact us to discuss any matter in relation to this Privacy Statement or our processing of your personal data, please feel free to contact us at info@madflowers.com or writing to Keelings Retail Unlimited Company trading as Mad Flowers, FoodCentral, St. Margaret’s, Co. Dublin.
Disclaimer
This site is owned by Keelings Retail UC trading as Mad Flowers. The content of the site belongs to Keelings Retail UC trading as Mad Flowers unless indicated otherwise. Copyright and all intellectual property rights in the content of this site are vested in Mad Flowers and reserved, unless indicated otherwise. This site has been opened by Mad Flowers for information purposes only. No commercial use may be made of any data, or parts of any data, presented on this site, without the prior written permission of Mad Flowers.
The Mad Flowers brand name, the Mad Flowers logo, are, unless otherwise stated, registered trademarks. All reproduction, use and/or modification made without the prior written permission of Mad Flowers, is liable to constitute an infringement of copyright.
Liability
The content of this site is designed to provide general guidance on matters of interest and the products and services available from Mad Flowers. The content of this site does not constitute professional advice. Mad Flowers accepts no liability for any loss arising as a result of any action taken or refrained from as a result of information contained on this site or any other sites to which this site may be linked.
Privacy Policy
Mad Flowers fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to Mad Flowers will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act, 1988. Collection and use of personal information
Mad Flowers do not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us or by using our online feedback form). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by Mad Flowers only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of technical information
Our Cookies Policy is outlined under in the section titled Cookies Policy.
Mad Flowers is not responsible for the privacy policies of third party sites to which links are provided and you are advised to check the privacy policies on these sites before providing any personal information.
Links To Third Party Sites
There may be links from the site to sites controlled by others. Mad Flowers cannot be responsible for the contents of any site to which you link or for any consequences of you so linking
Close product quick view×