http://www.cbcintl.com/privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for CBC International
CBC
International has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our
firm commitment to our customers' privacy. The following discloses our information
gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: CBC International CB Radio.
We use your
IP address only to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
CBC International does not rent, trade, or sell
user information to third parties.
Our site's
Order Form requires buyers to provide certain contact information, like their name and
email address. The customer's contact information is used only to contact them when
necessary. For example, we may occasionally use customer email addresses to broadcast
special discount sales and other promotional information, strictly for our own CB
products.  Or perhaps the customer forgot to fully complete his order or shipping
information, so that we need to contact him to correct this.  Be assured we never
share our mailing list data with any other companies. Users may also choose to discontinue
receiving future mailings, as described below.
Our site
uses a Secure
Order Form for customers to buy our products and services. We collect the
visitor's contact information, such as their email and physical mailing address. Contact
information from the form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact
information is only used to ship the product, or correspond with him when necessary. Users
may opt-out of receiving future mailings as described below. Financial information that is
collected is used to help the customer figure out the exact amount of the order, including
shipping. Information related to PAYPAL® is strictly for our own
internal use, and is never given to outside sources.  Personal information residing
on our hard drives is copied to removable media and then erased from the hard drives after
each group of orders is processed, usually about once per week.  We have security
measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our
control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving further
communications from us by marking the appropriate Check Box at the bottom of the Order Form.   We only use this information to notify you in the event
of special sales and promotional merchandise from time to time.
This site
gives users the following options for removing their information from our database so as
not to receive future communications, or to discontinue receiving our catalogs or
services:
1.
You can send an email message to that effect to: lou2@cbcintl.com
2. You can send regular U.S. mail to the following postal address:
CBC
International, P.O. Box 30655, Tucson AZ 85751 USA
Correction
& Updates
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
1. To send
email address changes or general inquiries, click here.
2. Send mail or a U.S. Postal Service Address Change card to:
CBC
International, P.O. Box 30655, Tucson AZ 85751 USA
Contacting
the Web Site
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this
site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Lou
Franklin, President
CBC International
P.O. Box 30655
Tucson AZ 85751
Electronic
Mail:
To send us an email now, click here.
Web: http://www.cbcintl.com