http://www.haelanproducts.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We at Haelan Products, Inc. are dedicated to providing you with exceptional customer service. However, we are not medical professionals and any suggestions listed are not intended to be considered as prescribing or indicate a level of medical expertise. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only, and should not be considered a replacement for the expert advice of a qualified health practitioner.
The products and statements on this site have not been evaluated and/or approved by the FDA and are not meant to treat nor cure any disease. Haelan Products, Inc. believes you should always consult with your physician before starting or stopping any health regimen.
Your Security and ProtectionWe have in place proper security and privacy policies which are intended to safeguard, as far as reasonably possible, the integrity and security of all our information, including personal data.
The safeguards in place must protect personal data from a variety of threats. Some of these threats include, but are not limited to: Loss or theft; Improper retention or destruction; Wrongful copying, tampering, or modification; Unauthorized access, use, or disclosure; Loss of integrity.
Employees must take appropriate steps to prevent the misuse or loss of personal data and to prevent unauthorized access to it. Additionally, employees need to report any known or suspected instance of misuse or unauthorized access to their proper manager and to the customer service department.Collecting and processing payment information is taken very seriously and Haelan Products, Inc. has employed many methods to ensure data protection and PCI Compliance.
Respecting Your PrivacyYour personal data may be made available within the Haelan Products, Inc. group of companies. We sometimes employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, for example providing technical support for the systems where your personal data is held. They may need access to your personal data in order to perform their functions but will not use your Personal Data for any other purpose.
We may also disclose personal data in order to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, in response to a non-mandatory request for information made by a governmental or state body, or as part of an investigation of unlawful activity.
Haelan Products, Inc. will never sell your email or other information with anyone. Sharing your information will only occur in instances disclosed above.
What Information Do We Collect?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
If you choose to register on this website, or complete an online form (e.g. to obtain email updates or ask us to send you further information), then we may collect personal data about you such as:• Name• Email address• Country of residence• Occupation (for example, if you are a Healthcare Professional seeking information about Our products)
This information is used by us to manage the website, register you for any services you have signed up to and respond to any queries or requests for information you may have.
Occasionally we may obtain sensitive personal data about you, for example, if you voluntarily provide information about your physical or mental health, as part of a request for information. By providing us with your sensitive personal data, you consent to us processing this data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or any collection notice provided to you.
Data We Automatically Collect From Your Device
Device Information: This is technical information about the device you use to access the website such as your device's IP address and operating system. In the case of mobile devices, your device type, and mobile device's unique advertising identifier may be assigned to the mobile device. This can include such things as an Android ID or UDID in older Apple phone models, or a non-cookie unique identifier used by Non-Cookie Technologies .
Browser Data: This is technical information about the web browser you are using that is captured. This is in order to serve you an ad that can be rendered on your device.
Activity on Our Web Properties: This is data about your browsing activity on the website. For example, which pages you visited and when, what items were clicked on a page, how much time was spent on a page, whether you downloaded something or submitted a contact for, what site or ad brought you to the Advertiser’s website, what items you placed into your online shopping cart, and what products were purchased and the price of the products purchased.
Location Data: This is non-precise information related to your geography derived from your device’s IP address (e.g. laptop, desktop or mobile etc.). This does not reveal your precise geographic coordinates - only country, state, city and zip/postal code level location data, and helps us to display ads that are relevant to your general location.
Ad Data: This is data about the online ads that were served (or attempted to serve) to you. This might cover information such as how many times an ad has been served to you, what page the ad appeared on, and whether you clicked on or otherwise interacted with the ad.
Data Collected From Third Party Sources
Campaign Performance Data: This data includes information about how well our ads and campaigns have performed.
Attribute Data: We may collect additional information about you from other third party sources where they have the rights to share such information and we have the right to use it. This is never sensitive data or precise personalized data. We use this data to better understand our customers and to better market our products to you.
Data from Advertising Partners: This is data that allows us to match our cookie identifier with identifiers that may already be used by other our digital advertising partners, for example, Facebook, AdRoll and Google. Matching cookie identifiers help us deliver ads to you and recognize you across browsers and devices.
What Do We Use Your Information For?Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
1) To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)2) To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)3) To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)4) To process transactions(your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested)5) To send periodic emails(the email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.)
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) may be kept on file for more than 30 days.
Do we use cookies?Yes. Cookies are used to collect information about how you use the website (and other similar technologies), as part of improving the content and functionality of our website.
We use both session cookies (which exist only until you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which exist for a longer, specified period of time). The type of cookies used on this website can generally be put into three categories: Strictly Necessary, Performance, and Functionality.
Strictly NecessarySome of the cookies on our website are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. These cookies don’t gather information about you that could be used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the internet.
Performance/Analytics CookiesSome of the cookies on our website collect information about how visitors use the website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and if they get error messages from web pages. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies a visitor. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve how our website works.
Our website uses Google Analytics cookies. Information collected by these cookies will be transferred to and stored by Google on servers in the USA in accordance with its privacy practices. For further information of Google’s privacy practices and how this applies to Google analytics, please visit:
• Google Analytics privacy overview• Opt out of Google Analytics tracking
FunctionalityThese cookies allow our website to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personalized features.
How to control and delete cookies:
The majority of web browsers accept cookies, but you can usually change the web browser’s settings to refuse new cookies, disable existing ones or simply let you know when new ones are sent to your device. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “Help”, “Tools” or “Edit” facility). However, please be aware that, if you refuse or disable cookies, some of the website’s functionality may be lost. In addition, disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser.
Aggregate InformationWe use aggregate information, which does not identify individuals, to monitor customer traffic patterns to the website and particular pages, as well as site usage, in order to help us improve the design and layout of the content.
Can You Opt-Out?Yes, and at any time! If you have elected to receive information about our products or services and wish to opt-out of receiving such information, then you can do so by sending an email to conatct@haelan951.com. You should clearly state on all communications: your name, username (if any), registration details (if any) and the name of this website.
Other InformationYou should note that if Haelan Products, Inc. (or any part of it) is sold or transferred at any time, the information we hold may form part of the assets transferred, although it will still only be used in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Your ConsentBy using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy PolicyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Haelan Products, Inc.5947 New Nashville Hwy.Murfreesboro, TN 37129United Statescontact@haelan951.com(800)542-3526
Effective as of January 22, 2018
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.