http://www.copia.com.au/legal/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of our Website as it applies to all visitors and others who access or use this website. By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.
Copyright: Limited License
You should assume that all material on this Site is protected by copyright unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as permitted herein. Except as specifically permitted herein, no portion of the information on this Site may be reproduced in any form or by any means without prior written permission from Copia.
Use of Website Information
Except as otherwise indicated elsewhere on this Site, you may view, copy, print, and distribute documents available on this Site subject to the following conditions:
The document may be used only by individuals authorised by your contract solely for use in connection with the sale, distribution, maintenance and repair of products sold and distributed by Copia and may not be disclosed to any third party without the express written consent of Copia.
The document may not be modified or altered in any way.
Any copy of the document or portion thereof must include the copyright notice above and this permission notice.
Copia reserves the right to revoke such authorization at any time, and any such use shall be discontinued immediately upon written notice from Copia.
Documents specified above do not include the design or layout of this Site. Elements of this Site are protected by trade dress and other laws and may not be copied or imitated in whole or in part.
Legal Information
Copia reserves all rights to this Site, the contents, elements, and any information contained on this Site. You may not reproduce, copy, or redistribute artwork, design, editorial content, layout, logos, service marks, trademarks, and/or any content of this site without express written permission of an executive officer of Copia  unless otherwise specified within this Site.
Warranty Disclaimer
Copia attempts to provide accurate information, however, this Site and all documents, information and content are herein provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, express or implied. ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A USE OR PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMED.
Limitation of Liabilities
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE WILL COPIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON OR BUSINESS ENTITY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR OTHER DAMAGES BASED ON ANY USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE TO WHICH THIS SITE IS LINKED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION.
Links to Third Party Sites
This Site provides links to third party sites and services as a convenience for you. The linked sites and services may not be under the control of Copia and, with respect to those third-party sites, Copia is not responsible for the content, services, products, warranties, agreements, transactions, or any activity of linked sites or link contained in a linked site, or any changes/updates to such sites. The inclusion of any link or advertisement does not imply endorsement by Copia of the site, service, product, activity, or any organization.
Export Restrictions
Products provided through the Service may be subject to laws or regulations relating to the control of imports and exports of the Products. You agree to comply with all such applicable laws and you shall not export or re-export directly or indirectly any part of the Products to any such country without first obtaining permission from the relevant authority.
Trademark Information
The trademarks, logos, and service marks (“Marks”) displayed and/or listed on this Site are the property of Copia , its affiliates, or other third parties. You are not permitted to use the Marks without the prior written consent of the trademark owner or such third party, which may own the Marks.
Nothing contained on the Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site without the written permission of the trademark owner or such third party.
Privacy Policy Statement
Copia takes the issue of privacy seriously. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use, and disclose information about you. Any data collected from you may be used to send you Copia workflow enhancements (telephone, SMS, e-mail, social media platforms, etc).
Cookies
On the Site, we make use of “cookies” so you can conduct business more efficiently. We are not extracting information other than what you are entering yourself; we are merely keeping track of it during your experience. Copia has no desire or intent to infringe on your privacy while using this Site.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Site (excluding linked sites) is controlled by Copia from its offices within Adelaide, South Australia. By accessing this Site, you and Copia  agree that all matters relating to your access to, or use of, this Site shall be governed by the Australian laws and statutes, without regard to the conflicts of laws principles. Those who choose to access this Site from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Changes to these Terms
Copia reserve the right to amend this Terms from time-to-time, in its sole discretion, effective upon posting a revised copy of the Terms and Conditions on www.copia.com.au. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then-current version of these Terms and Conditions.
Questions and Comments
If you have questions or comments about Copia’s privacy policy, send email to admin@copia.com.au, or contact us via any of the ways described in the Contact Us page.
Thank you for choosing Copia!
Recent Posts
Web Content Accessibility
My Health Records and Health Care Industries
Copia and Philips Dictation is Hosting a 30-minute Webinar
Welcome to Our Black Friday Sale!
The Importance of Patient Privacy
What’s Causing the Foot Control Behavior with SpeechLive?
3CX Web Client Unified Communication Software
SpeechExec Enterprise 5.0: Advancing Dictation and Workflow
Archives
December 2020
November 2020
October 2020
August 2020
July 2020
Categories
Uncategorised