http://www.atysdesign.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyAs the owners of atysdesign.com recognize that privacy is very important. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at:
ATYS Contemporary Living Accessories
2149 B Union Street
San Francisco, CA 94123
+1 415 441 9220
sales@atysdesign.com
Information we collect and how we use it
There are many places at our sites where you can share your personal information with us, and where you can communicate with others.
Registration.  Some of our sites may give you the opportunity to register with us, and sometimes registration is required before certain site features can be used.  Where registration is required, we will provide the user with notice of such requirements.  users will always have a choice to opt in or opt out of providing such information but this may limit access to certain services or products we provide.  Where registration is voluntary, we may request your personally identifiable information such as, but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address, demographic information such as your country or gender, and profile data such as your personal preferences and interests. you may be assigned a site username and / or password.  for our internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with you and provide the services you have requested, and to provide a more personalized experience on our sites.  For example, your registration may allow you to use and post to site message boards, create site profiles, etc.  We use aggregate demographic and profile information about our audience in order to improve our service, for marketing purposes, and / or for industry reporting purposes.
Newsletters and other communications from us.  Our registered users and customers may receive newsletters or other email communications from our family of sites, as well as our subsidiary companies, and we may also offer other users the opportunity to sign up to receive such information.  When there is a separate sign-up for newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address, and, occasionally, demographic and profile information.  We use this information in the same manner as we use the contact information in the registration process described above.  We may offer our users the choice whether to receive mailings from others that we think will be of interest.  Recipients of our mailings can unsubscribe by following instructions that may appear at the end of the email newsletters or promotional mailings.  Note that in order to keep our registered users informed about the operation of our services, we may send emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of our sites and service.
Communications with friends.  We may offer features where you can send information to others, such as e-cards or “tell a friend” features. we will use the contact information you enter for your friends to send only the forwarded email or e-card.
Interactive and community features.  Our sites may offer interactive and community features, such as message boards, chat, email accounts, instant messaging, profiles, personal homepages, etc. All information posted or sent through these features may be publicly available, and you should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g., user name, email address, phone number) through these features, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited communications from other people.  Users’ posts may be publicly and / or internally associated with their profiles / screen-names.  users are solely responsible for the content of messages they post or send on public forums.
Contests, sweepstakes, and surveys.  We may also have contests, sweepstakes, and surveys at our sites.  When you enter or participate in them, we request contact information from you (such as your full name, email address, mailing address, and telephone number) and may also request demographic or profile information.  We will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (for example, to contact you if you have won).  We may also use the information to send you newsletters and other information we think may be of interest.  Recipients of our mailings can unsubscribe by following the instructions that may appear at the end of the email newsletter.  Any personal information collected will be used by us and may be associated with registration information.  We may share aggregate information with others.  We may sometimes partner with sponsors in offering contests, sweepstakes, or surveys, and may share (provide and receive) information with them.
Automatic data collection.  Our websites may have features that automatically collect information from users to assist us in creating sites that honor our users’ preferences and serve their needs.  Some of our sites may use cookies, which are small data files containing information about the user that are stored on the user’s hard drive.  Some cookies are used to make login to our sites easier (such as by remembering usernames and passwords).  If users reject cookies, they may be limited in using some areas of our sites.  Cookies can also enable us to track users’ movements and target their interests to enhance their experience at our sites.  We may also collect clickstream data and assign unique identifiers to our users for the same purpose.  Information obtained with these technologies may be associated with personal information for registered users.  We, or a third-party advertisement server may also use cookies in connection with targeting advertisements or promotions to users.  Our advertisers and other third-parties whose products or services are promoted on our sites may also use cookies or other technology, and we advise you to check their privacy policies for information about their cookies and other privacy practices.  For our internal purposes, we may gather information such as the date, time, browser type, navigation history, and IP address of all visitors to our sites.  We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis, and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use.
Sharing information.  We may share your information with others if you decide to let us do so, such as where we offer opt-out or opt-in choices.  Other than set forth in this policy, we do not share your personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our service to you, and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential.  We will also disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation, in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property.  You should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. bankruptcy courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your information to be shared or transferred to third-parties without your permission. We may share (provide and receive) aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include demographic data such as the gender and / or geographic location of groups of users, but it will not include personal information (such as your name or email address).  We use aggregate demographic information about our audience in order to improve our service, for marketing purposes and / or industry reporting purposes.
Choices for personal information
Our sites may provide you the opportunity to choose to receive communications from us or from third parties at the point where we request information about you.  you have the option of removing your name from any email list .in order to ensure the quickest removal from any list, it is best to follow the specific instructions outlined within the communications you receive from us.
Access to personal information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code), we endeavor to provide a way to correct or update that user’s personal data. please feel free to contact us with any questions regarding making changes to or removing your data from our database.
Data collection from children
We are committed to protecting children’s privacy and we strive to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 without appropriate parental notice and consent.  Sites that are directed to children where personal information is collected should have a children’s privacy policy setting forth our COPPA-compliant practices.  We will actively screen-out children from data collection and / or use of interactive or community features.  Visit www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy for more information from the federal trade commission about protecting children’s privacy online.
Information security
Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us.  We store your personal information securely and use special procedures designed to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We restrict access to our users’ personally identifiable information to our own employees, contractors, and agents who require the information in order to operate our sites and improve our services. All of these individuals are strictly bound by confidentiality agreements and will be subject to termination of employment and / or criminal prosecution for failure to meet their obligations.
Merchant / e-commerce areas
We generally may make e-commerce offerings at our sites, where users may purchase merchandise.  Personal information collected at those areas is not shared with other sites without the purchaser’s consent.  At each of those areas, we endeavor to provide a privacy policy link where users can review the privacy policies that apply to data collection and use at those areas, and we urge our users to review them.  Please be aware that sites not affiliated with ours are exceptions, where e-commerce offerings may be made.  Users can submit information but should note that information is not shared with us and is covered by a separate privacy policy.  Please review it if you use a non-affiliated site.
Links to non-affiliated sites
We may provide links to non-affiliated sites.  We are not responsible for those other sites, their privacy policies, or how they treat information about their users, and we advise you to check their privacy policies.
Updates and changes to this policy
We reserve the right to modify, alter, or otherwise update this privacy policy at any time.  However, such modifications are usually minor.  We will not reduce your rights under this “privacy policy” without your explicit consent.  In the event that modifications, alterations, or updates are made, we shall notify our registered users by contacting them and shall post conspicuous notice of our changes directly on our sites.  Also, we will keep prior versions of this privacy policy in our files so that users may review them upon request.
Enforcement of this policy
We regularly review our compliance with this policy in order to provide the most reliable service to our users.  Questions or concerns about our privacy practices or our treatment of your personal information should be directed to the following address:
ATYS Contemporary Living Accessories,
2149 B Union Street
San Francisco, CA 9412
+1 415 441 9220
sales@atysdesign.com
We take such questions or concerns very seriously and will cooperate with the user and local authorities in order to resolve complaints regarding the transfer of personal information which cannot be resolved between our organization and the user.