http://www.northernlighttechnologies.com/privacy-policy
Navigation
Home
Main MenuHome
Products
E-Gift Card
NLT Products
Northern Light Desk Lamp
BOXelite
Desk Lamp OS
BOXelite Desk Lamp
LiteUP Wall Mount
TRAVelite
Desk Lamp
Flamingo
Floor Lamp
LUXOR Desk Lamp
Mini LUXOR
Distributed by NLT
Wake Up Lights
SUNelite Wake Up Light
Glow 150
Shine 300
Active 250
Feel Bright
Light Visor
Package Deals
Kickstarter Kit
Kickstarter Kit 2.0
Kickstarter Kit 2.1
Big Happy Family Bundle
Luxurious Care Package
Your Favorite Waiting Room
Replacement Parts
LiteUP Tubes
NLT Desk Lamp & BOXelite Tubes
TRAVelite & FLAMINGO Tubes
LUXOR Bulb
Mini LUXOR Bulb
Company
About Us
Management Profiles
Resources
Guarantee Warranty
Shipping & Returns
Insurance Forms
FAQ for Bright Light
Product Information
Product Instructions
Product Comparison
Contact Us
Facebook
Return to Content
Northern Light Technologies makes every effort to respect the privacy of our online visitors. Northern Light Technologies may use “cookie” technology only to obtain non-personal information from online visitors. This information will be used only for purposes of enhancing the user’s online experience. For example, we track the number of visitors to our site.
Northern Light Technologies only gathers personally identifiable data (such as names and addresses) when voluntarily submitted by a visitor. Any and all information collected by Northern Light Technologies is used for internal business and customer service purposes only.  Northern Light Technologies will at no time allow collected information to be sold, traded, or otherwise viewed by any third parties.
Committed since 1989 Quality, reliability and integrity are the primary focus of Northern Light Technologies.
All NLT products are:
• Made in North America
• Quality metal construction
• Large 10,000 Lux light field
• Guaranteed 60 days
• Warrantied 7 Years - No fine print
Company Mission Statement Our Mission is to develop and manufacture advanced light products and lighting technologies that improve the quality of life for millions of people.
Every employee of ours plays a key role in the company's success. Our ongoing commitment and dedication to innovation, is evidenced by our exceptional products and customer service.
Contact Our Company Toll-free: 1-800-263-0066 (USA & Canada)
Phone: 514-335-1763
Fax: 514-335-7764
E-Mail: Send us a message.
Follow @NorthernLightTe
Subscribe to Our Newsletter
We are experiencing shipping delays due to COVID-19. Please be patient for delivery. Dismiss