https://www.racquetballwarehouse.com/privacy.html
Skip to main content
Privacy and Security
Your privacy is taken seriously here at Racquetball Warehouse.com. Please take a couple of minutes to read and understand our policies. If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement please contact us via mail at the following address: Racquetball Warehouse, Attn: Privacy Policy, 181 Suburban, San Luis Obispo, CA, 93401 or email us at info@racquetballwarehouse.com.
Privacy
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with a smooth, efficient and customized experience. Under some circumstances we may require additional financial information. We use your financial information, including credit card information to verify your name, address and other information to bill you for use of our services. The information we maintain in your customer file is used to resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems. We do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party. Racquetball Warehouse does not acknowledge the "Do Not Track" setting in browsers or any other mechanisms that allow the user to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personally Identifiable Information(PII). We also do not allow the collection or sale of Personally Identifiable Information(PII) by third parties or online services.
Cookies
We collect non-personal information about your use of our site, directly and through the use of cookies. Cookies are small computer files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive that allow us to know how often someone visits our site. This information helps us to customize our web site specifically for you and also allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and for what purpose. Cookies can not retrieve personal information from your computer.
Security
Our online ordering system uses industry standard SSL security encryption. Your information is transmitted using an encryption algorithm that only we can decode. We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Counter-Notification
If you believe that your Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in your Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
Your physical or electronic signature;
Identification of the Content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the Content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the Content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the Content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in San Francisco, California, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Racquetball Warehouse may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed Content or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the Content provider, member or user, the removed Content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Racquetball Warehouse's sole discretion.
Please note that under Section 512(f) of the Copyright Act, any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to liability.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of the Website that are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties or corporate affiliates for those entities' direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge.
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: 181 Suburban Road, San Luis Obispo, CA 93401. For all requests, you must put the statement "California Privacy Rights Notice" in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. You also need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please note that we will not accept requests via telephone, email or facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not contain complete information.
California Do Not Track Disclosures
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how a website operator responds to "Do Not Track" (DNT) browser settings. DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked, such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytic companies. We do not currently take actions to respond to DNT signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a DNT standard once one is created. For information about DNT, please visit: www.allaboutdnt.org.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy, the practices of the Website or your dealings with the Website, or if you wish to update your preferences, you may contact us using one of the following methods:Call: 805-540-7999Email: mark@warehousesports.comSend mail to: Tennis Warehouse181 Suburban RoadSan Luis Obispo, CA 93401
Skip to footer
Search
Customer Service
Contact Us Restring Service Order Tracking Ordering Information Shipping Options Return Policies Warranties International Ordering Sizing Charts Privacy Policies
Racquets Expand
HEAD Ektelon ProKennex E-Force
Gearbox Wilson Harrow Package Deals
Clearance Racquets Pickleball
Racquetball Shoes Expand
ASICS adidas Mizuno HEAD New Balance Babolat Nike Salming Black Knight Wilson Ektelon Women's Shoes Insoles Shoe Accessories Clearance Shoes
Gloves Expand
HEAD Ektelon ProKennex Wilson Bionic E-Force Gearbox Gexco Glove Accessories
Eyewear Bags Racquetballs Apparel Expand
Men's Women's Socks Hats & Visors Wrist/Head Bands
Accessories Expand
String Grips Grommets Vibration Dampeners Miscellaneous Stringing Machines Nutrition Body Care
Shop By Brand
Back To Top