http://www.michaelezra.com/privacy-policy
HomePortfolios– Sculptural– Landscapes– ArchitecturalThe PrintsShopNewsAbout the ArtistContact“I enjoy exploring dualities, the opposing qualities inherent to everything in nature. It is then when all of them are present, I get a sense of completeness and harmony that I strive to pursue in my work.”
– Michael Ezra0
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.Who we areOur website address is: https://michaelezra.com.What personal data we collect and when and why we collect itWhen do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site, provide us with feedback on our products or services. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.Contact formsInformation submitted via Contact Forms includes your contact information and is collected to be able to respond to your inquiry.CommentsWhen visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.MediaIf you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.What we collect and storeWhile you visit our site, we’ll track:Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewedLocation, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shippingShipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:Send you information about your account and orderRespond to your requests, including refunds and complaintsProcess payments and prevent fraudSet up your account for our storeComply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxesImprove our store offeringsSend you marketing messages, if you choose to receive themIf you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for 7 years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.CookiesDo we use ‘cookies’?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.We use cookies to:      • Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.      • Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.      • Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If users disable cookies in their browser:If you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.Embedded content from other websitesArticles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.AnalyticsWebsite traffic data is collected using Slimstat and tawk.to widget to improve our services.How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.      • To quickly process your transactions.      • To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products      • To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries) Who we share your data withWe use Tawk.to widget for live chat purposes.  Your visit is registered by the tawk.to system and is subject to their privacy policy.How long we retain your dataIf you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.What rights you have over your dataIf you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.Where we send your dataVisitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.Your contact informationWe do not share your contact information unless required by law to enforce our terms of services.Additional informationHow we protect your dataOur website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We do not use Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order, enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. All financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.PaymentsWe accept payments through PayPal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to PayPal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.Please see the PayPal Privacy Policy for more details.Who on our team has accessMembers of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, andCustomer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.What data breach procedures we have in placeSee ‘Fair Information Practices’ below What third parties we receive data fromN/AWhat automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user dataN/AIndustry regulatory disclosure requirementsN/AThird-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it’s release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Third-party linksWe do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website. GoogleGoogle’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=enWe have not enabled Google AdSense on our site but we may do so in the future. California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law’s reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageCan change your personal information:      • By emailing us      • By logging in to your accountHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email      • OtherAs soon as possibleWe will notify the users via in-site notification      • OtherAs soon as possibleWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors. CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions      • Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.      • Send you additional information related to your product and/or service      • Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at      • Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.      • or send us an email detailing your requestand we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence. Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below. https://michaelezra.com | michael@michaelezra.com NewsContemporary Art Exhibition June 7th, 2019June 6, 2019Market Art+Design, July 5-7 2019June 5, 2019Market Art+Design Bridgehampton Museum July 5-8, 2018July 5, 2018Tenri Gallery - Group Art ExhibitionFebruary 6, 2018Margo Grant Show - Michael Ezra - MNN, 2018-01-22January 22, 2018International Art Festival ExhibitionNovember 2, 2017Featured Products
NU_SSM_B115
$750 – $3,500
NU_RSM_188
$750 – $4,100
NU_RSM_184
$750 – $4,200
NU_REP_104P
$750 – $3,800
NU_OLM_315-322
$750 – $4,100CollectionsBody Hands Compact Concepts En Pointe Horizontal Nudes If Implied Intertwined Landscapes Levitation Maternity Nudes Otherwise Portraits in Nude Power Reflections Sculptural Nudes Sentimental Nudes Then Triangles Unimpossible Whimsical Women beautifulNewsletter Email address:
Name
Leave this field empty if you're human: PoliciesPrivacy Policy All content is Copyright © 2018 Michael Ezra Art Studio LLC. All rights reserved. Written permission is strictly required for any use. No copying permitted without written authorization. Web design by PHOTOVERTEX.com