https://www.scrubsmart.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
PPE
CPR Mask
Diagnostic Tools
EKG Calipers
EMS EMT Essentials
Eye Charts
Finger Tip Pulse Oximeter
Gait Belts
Goniometers
All Goniometers
Goniometer Sizes
Goniometer Sets
Manual Blood Pressure Cuff
Nurse Accessories & Gifts
Nurse EMT Pocket Organizers
Nurse Kits
Nurse Pins
Otoscope
Pen Lights
Reflex Hammers
Safety / Lab Glasses
Scissors & Forceps
Stethoscope Blood Pressure Combination Sets
Stethoscopes
All Stethoscopes
Cardiology Stethoscope
Clinical Stethoscopes
Disposable Stethoscope
Sprague Rappaport Stethoscope
Dual Head Stethoscope
Student Essentials
Tuning Forks
Bulk
Popular Brands
Elite Medical Instruments, EMI
Scrubsmart
View All
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Simply put, we do not sell your data or rent your data.
Your data is only used to process the order placed on our site, ScrubSmart.com.
Your data may also be removed at any time. Please use the contact us link. Provide your information along with the "Delete MY DATA" text. Data removals shall be done within 10 business days of being notified.
Protecting your Privacy
ScrubSmart.com is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to the ScrubSmart.com U.S. website that display or link to this Policy (referred to in this Policy as the "Website"). This Policy applies to data collected by ScrubSmart.com. By visiting our Website and using our services, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Website or the relevant services.
Consent to Collection and Processing
The Website and our services is only operated in the United State of America.
What Information do we collect and store?
Our privacy policy is simple: Except as disclosed below, we don't sell, trade, give away, or rent your personal information to any company. One of the basic principles we've tried to follow is to limit the information we collect from and share about you.
Personal Information
We collect and store information that you provide to us, including through the Website to process orders for our customers. For example, when you place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and telephone number. We do not store any credit card information. If you sign up for a ScrubSmart.com account, which allows you to use the same sign-in details we will ask for your name, e-mail address, and password. If you choose to apply certain discount codes when making purchases, we may store the information associated with that code. We also collect and store your geolocation information. Registration may be required and personal information collected in certain areas of the Website in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information.
Usage Information
Through your use of our Website, we may also gather certain information about your use of our Website ("Usage Information"). Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data". We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with our Website. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit our Website. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve our Website, to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience, and to personalize the Website, our communications with you, and your shopping experience.
How do we use cookies, advertising, and online tracking?
Like many websites, we use "cookies", files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this Website without checking out and send you reminder e-mail about your shopping orders and other shopping opportunities. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better shopping experience. You may occasionally get cookies from companies advertising on our behalf to tailor advertisements shown to you for goods and services. We do not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our Website. Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our service providers who utilize these cookies and other tracking technologies on our Website enable you to opt out of this type of advertising. For more information about third party cookies, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or www.aboutads.info/choices/. We use Google Analytics and Google AdWords on the Website to collect Usage Information, to analyze how users use the Website and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. You can learn more about advertising and online tracking and how to opt out of such practices in the paragraph above.
OK