http://www.barryfarm.com/catalog.htm#privacy
Shopping at Barry Farm is as easy as
1-2-3.
Just click on "Enter
Our Store"
Select a Product Category
Select your products.
We have set up a table just inside the door (Enter
Our Store) of our online store that lists all the categories of
products you can select.
Once you have selected the category, you will be taken to a page
containing a list of
similar products.   To select an item, just click on the Add
button and it will be automatically  transferred to your shopping
cart. If you want more than one of the item, just change the quantity
before clicking the Add
button.
You can go back to the list of categories at any time by
clicking on "Continue Shopping" button
on the "Shopping Cart" page.
You will be able to view your cart anytime while you are shopping.
Just click on the "View Cart/Check Out" button at the
bottom of the page or where ever they are found on any page.
You can adjust the
quantity before clicking the Add button
or select the quantity from the dropdown box or in the shopping cart area before checking out.
Note: If you have a problem getting
items to go into your shopping cart and get Error "#PV66",
it is probably a conflict with your "Firewall".
Solution: Drop the firewall for a few minutes
while ordering, then put it back up when finished.  Sorry for the
inconvenience, but attacks from hackers is the reason this security measure is
in place.  All credit card information is still entered and processed on
Verisign's secure site.
Phone Orders:
Should you choose to order by telephone, you can contact us at 419-741-0155 Monday thru
Friday,
8AM to
2:30PM EDT.  You may get
to our answering machine before we do, so leave a message with your
name and phone number and we will get back to you.
USPS Mail Orders:
Should you wish to purchase by
mail, just print out your shopping
cart list and mail
it directly to us with your shipping information and e-mail address.   Our mailing address is:
BARRY FARM, 20086
Mudsock Rd, Wapakoneta, Ohio  45895.   Payment can be
made by check, money order, or credit card.  To speed your order, send
us an e-mail order@barryfarm.com with
the order information, we will pack up your selections, and have them ready to
ship as soon as your payment arrives.
PayPal Orders: PayPal
is available from the shopping cart.  Just select it from the list of
choices on the check out page and it will process through PayPal instead of the
bank.  Privacy Policy:
We
believe our customer's privacy is of paramount
importance.  Therefore, we will never sell, lend, distribute or
otherwise make available any  customer information
to a third party.  We,
at Barry Farm, receive only that information necessary to
fill your order such as your name & address, your e-mail address,
and the shipping address.  That information goes no further and
is used only where necessary for customer service.  We do not keep any
credit card information on file at Barry Farm.Return
Policy:
We stand behind our products 100% for
quality and safety.However,
due to recent changes and requirements from the FDA and the Dept. of Homeland
Security concerning food safety, we can no longer accept any returned food
products unless due to our error.  Please
order carefully!Any unauthorized returns will be discarded
and no credit issued.All that said, you can now GO
SHOPPING!!!!