http://www.loosepetals.com/pages/terms
Shop
by REGION
US - Great Lakes
US - Heartland
US - National Parks
US - Mid Atlantic
US - New England
US - Pacific Northwest
US - Rocky Mountains
US - Southwest
US - The South
US - West Coast
Canada
Latin america
Europe
Africa/middle east
Asia/south pacific
GIFT CARDS
MORE
Greeting Cards
Sale
by REGION
United States
Great Lakes
Heartland
National Parks
Mid Atlantic
New England
Pacific Northwest
Rocky Mountains
Southwest
The South
West Coast
Around the World
Canada
Latin America
Europe
Africa/Middle East
Asia/South Pacific
GIFT CARDS
Greeting Cards
Sale
About
FAQ
Frame Guide
Reviews
Contact
Blog
Terms
Terms
We are our committed to providing excellent customer service and quality products. However, sometimes things may come up that are outside of our control.  To ensure satisfactory expectations please read our terms and notify us if you haveany question to service@loosepetals.com
Shipping
Normal estimated domestic shipping is 2 - 10 business days, after production. International shipping can range from one week to one month.   We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of USPS (domestic and international) and FedEx (domestic only) our carriers. USPS First Class and USPS PM and FedEx Ground estimated delivery times are not guaranteed services.
If your shipment is time sensitive and requires automatic scanning please read the following:
Holidays and severe weather conditions, may create delivery delays. USPS does not scan mail from it's initial pick up on a consistent basis. If this occurs, your mail cannot be tracked until the package is scanned by USPS. However, USPS will provide a follow up with a tracking history if you leave your email on the tracking page in the USPS website. USPS will electronically email you an update once a scan occurs.  However, mail can be on route and not show the history until after delivery.  Mail can scan during and after delivery at any point, then once the mail is scanned you'll receive a electronic notice, when you submit your email.  We cannot enter your personal email on the USPS site for privacy issues.
We recommend Fed Ex if you would like automatic scanning from inception.
For more USPS information please read: http://faq.usps.com/?articleId=220900
Damage and Loss
If there is transit damage or order error we made we will send a replacement at no cost. Please email us a photo of damage 10 working days and we create a  reshipment and you will be emailed a tracking number.
Shipment are considered "lost" after a waiting period domestic four week waiting period and five week international waiting period before we send a replacement.  If you  require a replacement earlier, you will be charged the cost of the item/s including shipping fees will be charged, and then we will refund the original order in full when the shipment is returned in the condition in which it was sent.
InternationalPlease check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to buying. You are responsible for knowing and accepting your country's regulations and all related taxes, duties, fees on international purchases.  These costs are the buyer's responsibility.
Returns and Exchanges
We do not accept returns or exchanges. You may request a cancellation on your order at service@loosepetals.com before we start printing. We cannot guarantee that the order will be cancelled if the order has been released for processing.
Buyers are responsible for proof reading orders to ensure the correct item and address is submitted correctly.  If you are sending mail to a commercial building the name of building is required, with a person's name otherwise mail will be returned to us.  To resend another shipping fee will be required.
A 15% stocking fee will be charged and shipping charges are not refunded on returned shipments.
Privacy
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address. When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.  If you wished to be removed from our mailing list please notify us and we will remove your mailing list. Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall. If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here. When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you
We will not be liable for any failure to perform any of our obligations stated in these Terms if the failure results from a cause beyond our reasonable control, including—without limitation—mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation.
You cannot assign, transfer or sublicense these Terms without first obtaining our consent. We may assign, transfer, or delegate any of our rights and obligations without consent. These Terms do not create any agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship, and neither party has any authority to bind the other in any respect.
If we do not enforce any part of these Terms, it does not mean we give up the right to later enforce that or any other part of these Terms. In order for any waiver of compliance with these Terms to be binding, we must provide you with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives.
The section and paragraph headings in these Terms are for convenience only and do not affect their interpretation.
Copyright notice:
All works have been copyrighted and registered at the Library of Congress. All contents of Loose Petals, LLC including text, graphics, visual interfaces, photographs, processes, logo, artwork and computer code are copyright 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 Loose Petals, LLC and or Independent Providers of Content (”ICP”), (1150 N. State St. C317 Chicago, IL 60610. All Rights Reserved. All content is protected by trade dress, copyright, patent, and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws. Except as expressly provided, no part of our images and Site may be copied, reproduced, published, uploaded, posted, publicly displayed, encoded, translated, transmitted or distributed in any way (including mirroring) to any other computer, server, Web site or other medium for publication or distribution of for any commercial enterprise, without Loose Petals prior written consent.Loose Petals, LLC will take whatever steps necessary to enforce its copyright interests.