https://www.allenedmonds.com/customer-service/terms-conditions-collectors.html
New
New Men's Styles
Shoes & Boots
Clothing
Belts & Accessories
Custom Shoes
Shoes
Men's Shoes
Dress Shoes
Casual Shoes
Oxfords & Derbys
Loafers & Slip-Ons
Boat Shoes & Driving Mocs
Sneakers
Sandals
All Shoes
Men's Boots
Dress Boots
Casual Boots
Chukka Boots
Chelsea Boots
Lace-Up Boots
All Boots
Collections
Cordovan Collection
Top Rated Styles
Weatherproof & Waterproof
Best Sellers
Made in the USA
Business Casual
Comfort & Travel
Extended Sizes
Wide Width Shoes
Custom Sole Styles
Sustainable Styles
Heritage Classics
Clothing
Men's Clothing
Shirts & Sweaters
Sport Coats
Outerwear
Jeans, Pants & Shorts
Ties & Pocket Squares
Socks
Hats, Gloves & Scarves
Accessories
Belts
Dress Belts
Casual Belts
Bags
Briefcases
Backpacks
Travel Bags
Personal Accessories
Home & Gifts
Eyewear & Sunglasses
Wallets
Watches & Jewelry
Umbrellas & Rainwear
Gift Cards
Shoe Care
Men's Shoe Care
Shoe Trees
Brushes
Cloths & Bags
Laces
Polish, Creams & Cleaner
Overshoes & Insoles
Shoe Horns
Woodlore
Explore
Style
Sneaker Shop
Boot Shop
Gift Shop
How to Lace Dress Shoes
Craftsmanship
Our History
Our Leathers
Our Lasts
Our Welts
Our Soles
Glossary of Terms
Find the Right Fit
Collaborations
Alan J Collection
Civilianaire
Cockpit USA
Logan Maxwell
Pendleton
Southwick
Recrafting
Sale
Holiday Sale
40% Off Dress Shoes
30% Off Boots Sale
$100 off Casual Shoes
$199 Sneakers
25% Off Clothing
25% Off Belts & Accessories
25% Off Shoe Care
Gift Ideas Under $100
Gift Ideas Under $250
Unique Gifts
Men's Sale
New to Sale
Shoes & Boots
Belts
Clothing
Accessories
Bags & Wallets
Shoe Care
Factory Second Shoes & Boots
Home
Account Terms & Conditions
Secondary Navigation
Customer Service
Frequently Asked QuestionsContact UsShipping & ReturnsInternational Shipping & ReturnsSecurity & PrivacyAccount Terms & Conditions
Collectors Account Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR CREATING AN ALLEN EDMONDS ACCOUNT, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS OF USE AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE, DO NOT CREATE AN ALLEN EDMONDS ACCOUNT.
These Terms of Use apply to your access to, and participation in the Allen Edmonds Collectors Account Program, which is operated by Allen Edmonds, LLC.
The Allen Edmonds Collectors Account Program is open only to our customers who are residents of the 50 United States (including the District of Columbia) at this time. The Program is void outside of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia. Terms of Use do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other agreement you may have with Allen Edmonds for other products and services. Allen Edmonds reserves the right to change, modify, eliminate, terminate, discontinue and/or cancel the Collectors Account Program, associated rewards and/or all or any portion of these Terms of Use or any policy, or guideline pertaining to having an Allen Edmonds Account at any time and in its sole discretion without notice to you. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to www.allenedmonds.com, and to the extent permitted by law, you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes or modifications. Your creation of an Allen Edmonds Account confirms your acceptance of these Terms of Use and any such changes or modifications; therefore, you should review these Terms of Use and applicable policies frequently to understand the terms and conditions that apply to having an Allen Edmonds Account. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, do not create an Allen Edmonds Account.
Creating an Allen Edmonds Collectors Account
Creating an Allen Edmonds Account allows you to earn and/or receive rewards (program rewards, including discounts, are individually or collectively referred to as "Reward(s)"). To become an Allen Edmonds Collectors Account holder, you must: (1) Be at least 18 years old; (2) Be a resident of the 50 United States (including the District of Columbia); and (3) Create an account at www.allenedmonds.com. Your Allen Edmonds account is personal to you and may not be sold, transferred or assigned to, or shared with, family, friends or others, or used by you for any commercial purpose. You may have only one (1) Allen Edmonds account that is personal to you. A unique and valid email address is required to register for an account. A social media account may be required to complete actions to earn certain Rewards. Your account may be required to be presented in connection with a transaction or activity. The use of an Allen Edmonds account is not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 18. There are no membership fees associated with creating an Allen Edmonds Account.
When you create an Allen Edmonds Collectors Account, you will be opted-in to email communication from Allen Edmonds. Email communications include but are not limited to updates to your account, exclusive communication related to the Collectors Account Program, and promotional communications.
If you choose to opt out of email communications, you can do so within the bottom section of the emails received.
Earning and Using Rewards
No Rewards or discounts can be used until an account is registered. Rewards or discounts are issued by Allen Edmonds on a periodic basis and may not be identified to you in advance. Number, type and frequency of Rewards are based upon a number of factors, including without limitation the frequency of visits, the volume and type of purchases made, type of personal information provided, and type and amount of participation in and/or interaction with Allen Edmonds and/or activities, other Programs and/or applications. Purchases from a participating Allen Edmonds store may be required to earn Rewards. Voluntary activities required to earn Rewards may include, among other things: (1) features that display your user name and/or status; and/or (2) contests, sweepstakes or other like activities subject to applicable rules and/or Program terms identified at the time. Certain activities may only be available to participants 18 years and older. Activities to earn Rewards do not count towards, and may not be combined with, activities described under other Programs. Activities tied to specific Rewards must be fully completed, as determined by Allen Edmonds in its sole discretion, and will result in a single Reward regardless of the number of times the activity is performed. Partial Rewards will not be issued. If a full Reward is not used when redeemed, no remaining balance will be refunded nor will any remaining balance be available for application toward future orders. Allen Edmonds has the sole discretion to determine the size of the Reward.
Other Allen Edmonds Account Information
Your Allen Edmonds Account and rewards have no cash value, is not a gift card or credit card, and is not valid if obtained from unauthorized parties. Allen Edmonds may conduct test Programs from time to time in certain markets that may have additional/different Program terms than those described herein. Allen Edmonds has no obligation to expand or continue any test. Rewards may not be earned or redeemed if unexpected technical difficulties arise. Please read the Security and Privacy Policy to understand how Allen Edmonds collects, uses and discloses information about customers, how to update or change your personal information and how we communicate with you.
Without notice to you, Allen Edmonds reserves the right to suspend any account and/or terminate your account and/or your participation in the Program for any reason in its sole discretion, including without limitation if Allen Edmonds determines in its sole discretion that you have violated these Terms, you have more than one account, or that the use of your account is unauthorized, deceptive, fraudulent or otherwise unlawful. Allen Edmonds may, in its sole discretion, suspend or cancel accounts that appear to be inactive, and suspend, cancel or combine accounts that appear to be duplicative. In the event that your Allen Edmonds account is terminated, then all Rewards granted or communications sent previously as part of your account are void.
FAQ
Contact Us
Find A Store
Become a Collector
My Account
Account Terms & Conditions
1-877-817-7615
Service
Order Tracking
Shipping & Returns
International Shipping
Gift Cards
Check Gift Card Balance
Security & Privacy
QuadPay
Craftsmanship
Our Commitment to Craft
Our Leathers
Fit and Feel
Our Welts
All About Lasts
Glossary of Terms
© 2020 Allen Edmonds Corporation.