http://www.alphaimports.com/help/privacy-policy.html
Serving customers since 1988
TEL: 1-212-575-2637
US  TOLL FREE: 1-800-56-ALPHA(25742)
sku
Text
Cart is empty.
Customer Support | Learning Center | Talk to CEO | Site Map
International Orders  |  Need Help ?  |  Why Alpha ?  |  Shipping  |  Return Policy  |  Drop shipment  |  Selling on eBay  |  How To Order  |  Contact Us  |  F.A.Q.
Diamonds
Certified Diamonds
White Diamonds
Blue Diamonds
Black Diamonds
Champagne Diamonds
Yellow Diamonds
Green Diamonds
Cognac Diamonds
Pink Diamonds
Diamond Deals and Steals
More...
Precious Gems
Tanzanite
Calibrated Tanzanite
Emerald
Ruby
Sapphire
Precious gems deals and steals
Semi Precious Gems
Amethyst
Citrine
Peridot
Aquamarine
Chrome Diopside
Garnet
Iolite
Swiss Blue Topaz
Tourmaline
Semi Precious Deals And Steals
More...
Jewelry
Gold Diamond Semi mountings
Diamond Rings
Diamond Earrings
Diamond Pendants
Diamond Necklaces
Watches
Gemstone Rings
Gemstone Bracelets
Gemstone Earrings
Gemstone Pendants
Mens Jewelry
Bead Necklaces
Silver Jewelry
Cocktail Rings
Tanzanite Jewelry
More...
Specials
Specials
Diamond Specials
Gemstone Specials
Jewelry Specials
More Specials
New Arrivals
Good For eBAY
Hourly Specials
Make An Offer
Buy one and get something Free
Today Specials
Auctions
Videos
Free Birthstone
Free Jewelry Games
Gemstone weight conversion and calculators
$9.99 Specials
$24.99 Specials
$99.00 Specials
Wholesale Lots
Diamond Lots
Precious Gems Lots
Semi Precious Gems Lots
Occasions
For Her
For Him
Gift Vouchers
Birthday and Birthstones
Christmas Jewelry
Thanksgiving Jewelry
Valentine Jewelry
Wedding Jewelry
Mother's Day
Home
My Account
|  Log In |
Cart Contents
|  Checkout |
Categories
Advanced Diamond Search  Advanced Precious gem SearchDiamonds  Certified Diamonds  White Diamonds  Blue Diamonds  Black Diamonds                                      More...Watches  Men's Watches  Women's WatchesPrecious Gems  Tanzanite  Emerald  Ruby  Sapphire                                      More...Semi Precious  Amethyst  Aquamarine  Briolettes  Carnelian                                      More...Jewelry  Gold Diamond Semi-mountings  Tanzanite Jewelry  Diamond Bracelets  Diamond Rings                                      More...Specials  Alpha Specials  Diamond Specials  Gemstone Specials  Jewelry SpecialsAlpha Collector's GalleryVouchersOccasions and gifts  Mother's Day Jewelry  Anniversary  Birthday birthstone  Christmas Jewelry                                      More...Certificates
Information
HelpF.A.Q.International OrdersPaymentCompany InformationCustomer SupportGift Voucher FAQTrack a ReturnTestimonialsCatalog RSS All ProductsAll Products by categoryAll Products by occasionOur BlogOur PicturesProduct ReviewsContact Us
Additional information
Help support and information center.
« Go to Help Center       « Back to previous page
Privacy Policy
Privacy
Policy
Alpha Imports NY Inc. is the
sole owner of the information collected on http://www.alphaimports.com. Alpha
Imports NY Inc. collects information from our users on our Web
site.
You
may not copy, give or sell copies to members of the public; perform or
display this work to the public or modify this work without the
copyright owner's permission.
Special Offers and
Updates
We
send all new members a Special Offers. Established members will receive
information on special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the
privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types
of communications.
Newsletter
If
a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact
information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our
users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications.
Legal
Disclaimer
Though
we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose
personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith
belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial
proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Third Party
Intermediaries
We
use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card
processing company to bill users for goods and services. These
companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable
information for any secondary purposes
Security
This
Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When
users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information
is protected both online and off-line.
When our
registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such
as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected
with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a
secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web
browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer
becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just
‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we
also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information
mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need
the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing
clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to
personally identifiable information. Our employees must use
password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they
return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user
information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our
security and privacy practices. As well as any time new policies are
added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance
we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users’
information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally
identifiable information are in a secure environment
If
users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an
email to support@alphaimports.com
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal
Information
If
a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code,
phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our
service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate
users’ personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at
by emailing our Customer Support at info [at] alphaimports.com. (Or, contact
us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below).
Choice/Opt-out
Users
who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional
communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by
replying to remove in the subject line in the email or email us at : support [at] alphaimports.com (or the user may contact us at to opt-out.)
« Go to Help Center
Friday 11 December, 2020
141102974 requests since Saturday 15 May, 2004
Help
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Drop Shipping
Delivery Date Finder
Where is my Order?
Shipping Policy
Website Features
Help
Customer Service Center
Wish List
Have Product To Sell ?
Jobs / Careers
FAQ
Find Products
By Search
By Site Map
Subscribe To Alpha Bargains
By Tel, Fax, Mail
$10 Off with first order
Product Information
Learning Center
Expert Advice
E-catalog
Quality score chart
Certificates & Appraisal
Volume discount
Subscribe
Ask For Catalog
Join Our Alpha Club
Get News Letter
All our colored gemstones & Color Diamonds, except Tsavorite, Garnet etc., are "E" (Enhanced)
and/or "T" (Treated). In general, some of the enhancement methods used are
heating, oiling, filling, with resin agents etc. Some of the treatment methods
used are coating, diffusion, dyeing, joban oil, glass filling, irradiation,
lasering, etc. We do not know the methods used prior to our purchase from the
suppliers since each country uses different methods. If required, we may send
the Gemstone(s) to a Gem laboratory for more information prior to your
purchase.Products shown are subject to availability.Alphaimports.com is not responsible for and need not honor typographical or pricing errors on the site.
All Diamond weight(s)
shown in fractions in this website are approximate, with the following weight
tolerance: ¼ ct. 0.23-0.27, 1/3 ct. 0.31-0.35, ½ ct.0.48-0.52, ¾ ct.0.73-0.77.
All Contents © 2020 Alpha Imports NY Inc., All Rights Reserved. PRIVACY POLICY TERMS AND CONDITIONS
You may not
distribute, modify, display, or sell copies of this work to members of the
public without the copyright owner’s permission.
We are constantly updating our web site for corrections, product quantities, errors etc. While Alphaimports.com endeavors to provide the most accurate, up-to-date materials available, the information, materials, products, pictures and services available on this site may include inaccuracies, typographical errors, or outdated information.
All of our products are bought as close outs from manufacturers and we describe them on our web site as it was disclosed to us. The Alphaimports.com website and the products and services offered therein are provided "as is" and without warranty of any kind. For any reason if you are not satisfied with the product we have full refund policy. More...