https://www.throttlerocker.com/terms-conditions/
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Copyright and Trademark Notice by
Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of this Store., Copyright © 2020, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Credit Cards by
We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Paypal and Discover. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon placement of your order.
Links by
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we’re not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
Money Orders, Cashier’s Checks, Company Checks, & Personal Checks by
We accept money orders, cashier’s checks, personal checks, and company checks in U.S. Dollars only. Orders are processed upon receipt of a money order or cashier’s check. For personal and company checks, please allow up to 10 banking days after receipt for clearance of funds before the order is processed. We cannot guarantee the availability of a product by the time funds clear or payment is received. We will charge a $25 fee on all returned checks.
Other Conditions by
These Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order. We reserve the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time.
Out-of-Stock Products by
We will ship your product as it becomes available. Usually, products ship in 24-48 hours , or by the next business day if your order is received after this time and for orders received on Saturday, Sunday or any major holiday. However, there may be times when the product you have ordered is out-of-stock which will delay fulfilling your order. We will keep you informed of any products that you have ordered that are out-of-stock and unavailable for immediate shipment. You may cancel your order at any time prior to shipping.
Privacy by
We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.
Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology.
To keep you informed about our latest offers, we may notify you of current promotions, specials and new additions to the Sample Store site. You may unsubscribe from our newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us.
Privacy on Other Web Sites by
Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. Our Store is not responsible for the actions of third parties.
Returns by
We will gladly accept the return of products that are defective due to defects in manufacturing and/or workmanship for 30 days from the date of purchase.   If you purchased from an online Dealer you will need to return the item to them.  Fulfillment mistakes that we make resulting in the shipment of incorrect product to you will also be accepted for return 30 days from the date of purchase.
Shipping Policy by
Shipping Time — Most orders received before 5:00PM will ship within 24-48 hours, provided the product ordered is in stock.  Orders are not processed or shipped on Saturday or Sunday, except by prior arrangement.
We cannot guarantee when an order will arrive. Consider any shipping or transit time offered to you by Sample Store or other parties only as an estimate. We encourage you to order in a timely fashion to avoid delays caused by shipping or product availability.
Typographical Errors by
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information received from our suppliers, Our Store shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Our Store shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Our Store shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Quick LinksContact
Find a dealer
Installation Video Demo
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Guarantee Throttle Rocker is guaranteed against breakage for a period of one year. If it breaks, we'll replace it.
Testimonial My hand cramps up within 20 mins of riding. Throttle Rocker solved the problem! Riding is effortless & comfortable as it should be now. I highly recommend these rigs! Thanks folks, I love it! - Harry
Quick LinksContact
Find a dealer
Installation Video Demo
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Our Guarantee Throttle Rocker is guaranteed against breakage for a period of one year. If it breaks, we’ll replace it.
Testimonial “My hand cramps up within 20 mins of riding. Throttle Rocker solved the problem! Riding is effortless & comfortable as it should be now. I highly recommend these rigs! Thanks folks, I love it!”
– Harry
© 2020 Throttle Rocker.
Home
Shop
Installation
How it works
Find a dealer
Testimonials
Contact
Blog
Crampbuster