http://www.texastimberbats.com/pages/privacy-policy-terms
Email Us
Join us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Pinterest
Contact Us
Customer Login
GAME BATS
Pro Model ASH
Pro Model MAPLE
Pro Model Birch
Senior League & Youth
SPECIALTY BATS
Trophy Bats
Baby Bats
Bat Maker's Reserve
Spartan Race Bats
TRAINING BATS
One Hand Trainer
Fungos
GEAR
Pine Tar
Bat Holders
T-Shirts
Batting Gloves
Gift Cards
Fine Color Series
Caps
Multiples
MODELS & SPECS
FAQ
OUR STORY
Privacy Policy & Terms
Thank you for visiting our web site. This privacy policy
tells you how we use personal information collected at this site. Please read
this privacy policy before using the site or submitting any personal
information. By using the site, you are accepting the practices described in
this privacy policy. These practices may be changed, but any changes will be
posted and changes will only apply to activities and information on a going
forward, not retroactive basis. You are encouraged to review the privacy policy
whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal
information you provide will be used.
Note: the privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy
are for this web site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the
privacy policies posted at those sites.
Collection of Information
We collect personally identifiable information, like names,
postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our
visitors. The information you provide is used to fulfill you specific request.
This information is only used to fulfill your specific request, unless you give
us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our
mailing lists.
At Texas Timber Bat Co. we believe it is important for you
to be informed of the policies we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Texas Timber Bat Co. collects nonpublic personal information about you from the
following sources:
•             Information
we receive from you on applications or other forms
•             Information
sent to us via email
•             Information
gathered at the server level such as IP Addresses and Cookies
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about
you to anyone, except as required by law.
We do not disclose information about former customers,
except as required by law.
Texas Timber Bat Co. restricts access to your personal and
business information to those employees who need to know that information to
provide products and services to you. Texas Timber Bat Co. maintains physical,
electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to
guard your nonpublic personal information.
If you have any questions concerning our privacy policies,
please feel free to call us at 972-814-5960
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on
the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering
information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of
visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can
also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be
collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously
provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such
information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third
parties.
Distribution of Information
We may share information with governmental agencies or other
companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:
(1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent
actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating
fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these
companies for marketing purposes.
Commitment to Data Security
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure.
Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep
information secure and confidential) have access to this information. All
emails and newsletters from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings.
Privacy Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns, or comments about our
privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
By e-mail: info @ texastimberbats dot com
By Phone: 972-814-5960
We reserve the right to make changes to this policy. Any
changes to this policy will be posted.
Copyrights and Trademarks. This website contains content,
names, and graphics which are protected by copyright and trademark laws and are
the sole property of the Company or its affiliates. All rights are reserved.
The use of any protected property without the express written consent of the
Company is prohibited. No content from this site may be copied, modified,
uploaded, or distributed in any form or manner without our prior written
consent. Any unauthorized use of content from this site which may violate
copyright or trademark laws could result in criminal or civil penalties.
Copyright © Texas Timber Bat Co. 2020
Our Story  |
FAQ  |
Models & Specs  |
Privacy Policy  |
Return Policy  |
Delivery Schedule  |
Contact Us