https://www.frys.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Middle_Topics/A5OrderTracking
You may track your order by clicking the Order Tracking link at the top of this page. You have the option to choose either our standard or secure server. To track a single order you will need the order number and your email address as entered when your order was placed. For a complete order history you will need the email address and password as registered in your myFry's Accounts.
Explanation of Order Tracking Codes:Back OrderedThe item is currently out of stock.
You should receive a back order notice on this item including an expected delivery date if one has been provided by the supplier.Customer CanceledThe customer called and canceled the order (or item), or the supplier discontinued the item, resulting in the cancellation of the order.
DeclinedYour credit card company has declined the charge.
Because credit card companies
do not disclose your account information to us, we are unable to determine
why a card has been declined. Contact your bank directly for more information. Please call our Customer Service department at 1-408-350-1484 or 1-408-350-1484 to arrange an alternate form of payment. Hold for Quote Orders will display this status for one of the following reasons. 1) This order is on hold while our order processing department finalizes the address check.
2) Customer has requested the order be held until a final decision has been reached.
3) The order is on hold until requested information or documentation has been
received from the customer. This can include additional credit card information,
upgrade or academic verification, or the faxing of identification.
In Customer Review
This order is being processed, but has not yet cleared all stages of processing.
In the WarehouseThe order has been printed and is ready to ship.Returned
The product return was received and credit was issued.
To Be Picked
Please call us at 1-408-350-1484 or +1-408-350-1484
to check on the status of your order.
jback114