http://www.store51.com/privacy_policy.html
Sports Bedding | Sports Bedding Sets | Sports Bedroom Decor
In association with oBedding.com
boys
girls
toddler
teen
pro sports
college
hobby books
diecast cars
hummels
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
By using this site, you agree to these terms of use set forth by Store51.com. If you do not agree to these terms, do not use this site. Store51.com reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update these Terms of Use, and you agree to be subject to such modifications, alterations, or updates.
Disclaimer
This site is provided by Store51.com on an 'as is' basis.
Store51.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site.
Also, everything found on this site is provided “as is” and without warranties of any kind (express, implied, and statutory, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose), all of which Store51.com disclaims to the fullest extent permitted by law.
This does not apply to any product warranty offered by the manufacturer of the item.
You acknowledge, by your use of the Store51.com website, that your use of these pages is at your own risk.
This disclaimer constitutes an essential part of these terms.
Privacy Policy
Our items are not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18. We do not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. By purchasing products from us or providing us with any information, you represent to Store51 that you are 18 years of age or older and that any information you provide to us about a third party is for a third party that is 18 years of age or older. When you use our web Site, we may request your first and last name, home or other physical address, including your street name and address and name of your city or town, your telephone number or other 'real world' contact information. We may use any information you provide to support and analyze your purchases from us and for internal purposes and to comply with any requirements of law. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third any parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your transaction. We may request your email address, or other information needed to contact you online. We use it to complete, support and analyze your purchases and to comply with any requirements of law. We may use it to respond to any questions you might have and to provide you with information about any of our other products or services. This information may be disclosed to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order or the analysis and support of your transaction. We at Store51 do not store or retain credit card, debit card or bank account information in our system. We do not sell any customer information to outside parties. If you have questions about our policies or anything else, please write to us. Our mailing address is: Store51 LLC, 3653 Regent Blvd., Suite 606, Jacksonville, FL 32224.
External Sites
This site may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third party vendors and other third parties (the "external sites"). You acknowledge that Store51.com is not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any external site. You should contact the site administrator or Webmaster of those external sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such external sites.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks, and trade names (collectively the "marks") are proprietary to their respective owners.
Limitation on Liability
In no event shall Store51.com be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental, exemplary or consequential damages, or any other damages whatsoever, even if Store51.com has been previously advised of the possibility of such damages, whether in an action under contract, negligence, or any other theory, arising out of or in connection with the use, inability to use, or performance of the information, services, products and materials available from this site. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding to any failure of essential purpose of any limited remedy.
Copyright
All site design, text, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof are copyright of Store51.com, all rights reserved. Permission is granted to electronically copy and to print hardcopy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Store51.com or using this site as a shopping resource. Any other use of materials on this site, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or republication without prior written permission of Store51.com is strictly prohibited.
All original content that are on this web site are copyrighted and may only be reproduced with express permission.
boys bedding sets | girls bedding sets | toddler bedding sets | teen bedding sets | sports bedding
college bedding | hobby books | hummels | die cast car kits
home  |  customer service  | links | privacy policy  |  sitemap   |  track your order
© Store51 LLC | All Rights Reserved
Links: Kids Bedding Sets | More Links