http://www.braybrook.com/pages/privacy-security
Skip to content
HomeJewellery
NecklacesPendantsEarringsClip on EarringsBracelets & BanglesBroochesRingsFine & RareAccessories
Silver & Gold Cufflinks
Silver & Gold Cufflinks
Silver & Crystal
Wine & DineVases, Bowls & BoxesCandlesticks & TealightsSilver Pens Frames & DeskBaby & Christening
Christmas Silver
Sterling Silver Christmas Tree DecorationsPudding Charms & Cake Decorations
The Sale
Sample & Prototypes SaleClearance Sale
Search
Your basket
Your basket is empty
During COVID-19 Despatching Mon - Fri by Royal Mail Tracked 24 & 48 - 020 8993 7334
Updated May 2018
Braybrook & Britten respect and value our customers privacy, and is committed to safeguarding and using the information we hold in a responsible way.
By shopping with us, you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy, in particular, our use of your information, as outline below. Therefore, it is important that you read and understand the Privacy Policy as it will help explain how we collect and use your personal information and why we do this. This policy relates to your use of this website.
Data Protection
For the purposes of data protection, this policy refers to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as of the 25th May 2018.
What Information Do We Collect And Why
We collect information about you for THREE reasons: firstly, to process your order, second, to make it easier to make future orders by retaining your address and contact information and finally so we can send you relevant marketing communication that we believe might be of interest to you.
The type of information we collect about you includes:
your name  address  phone number  email address  order history
We never collect sensitive information about you.
The information we hold will be accurate and up–to-date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing sales@braybrook.co.uk or calling 020 8993 7334. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law.
How We Use Your Information
Our communications are designed to tell you about the benefits Braybrook & Britten can offer, so that you have exclusive access to our latest collections and promotional offerings. We use the information we have about you to tailor the content and try to ensure the communications are as relevant as possible.
By Us
We would like to contact you by post and/or email (if this has been supplied) to inform you of the following:
new promotions - typically clearance and sample salesnew collections customer specific offers
We typically send catalogues to our customers just twice a year. Customers who have recently placed orders or requested a catalogue will be included in future mailings. We also send out occasional emails throughout the year – these tend to be more frequent in December.
If you do not wish to receive our catalogues by post/or receive our emails, just ask us and we will remove your details from future mailings. If any catalogues bounce back to us via Royal Mail for whatever reason, we will remove the address from future mailings. And if we receive three bounced emails, then we also remove the email address from our email subscription list.
Our customer address database is kept as up-to-date as possible and occasionally cleaned to remove the addresses of those who have moved house or are deceased.
Third Party Marketing
We may share your details with companies through a Data Co-operative. Data Co-operatives are companies whose members contribute information about their consumers in exchange for information about other consumers that may be interested in their products. We work with Epsilon Abacus (registered as Epsilon International UK Ltd), a company that manages the Abacus Alliance on behalf of UK retailers. The participating retailers are active in the clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, and home interiors categories. They share information on what their customers buy. Epsilon Abacus analyses this pooled information to help the retailers understand consumers’ wider buying patterns. From this information, retailers can tailor their communications, sending people suitable offers that should be of interest to them, based on what they like to buy.
Opting Out Of All Third Party Direct Mail Marketing
We will never share your email address or phone number. If you do not wish us to share your information, please use one of the following options:
tick the appropriate box (3rd Party) when placing your order call 020 8993 7334email sales@braybrook.co.uk
How Long Do We Keep Your Data
We have been in business for over 25 years and are fortunate to have a very loyal customer base that has purchased from us for many years. To best serve our customers and to continue to keep them informed of new products and offers, we retain customer data for 10 years after the last purchase date.
Any questions relating to data protection should be directed to:
The Data Protection OfficerBraybrook & Britten12 Park ParadeLondon W3 9BD.
Online Security
By browsing and clicking on 'order' next to items, these will be placed in the shopping basket which can be amended before finally placing the order.
Once you reach our checkout, our internet site is fully secure and uses SSL 128 bit encryption. We accept payment by credit card on the site - however no payments are processed on the card until the goods are ready to despatch. The credit card details are not seen by Braybrook & Britten or stored by us, but held by one of the highly secure Credit Card Processing Gateways approved by the credit card companies and banks.
We are able to confirm or refund transactions and check security data such as postcode match, but your card details are never visible to us as the retailer.
Any additional queries, email sales@braybrook.co.uk or call 020 8993 7334.
Cookies
Cookies are short pieces of data that are sent to your computer when you visit a website. On later visits, this data is then returned to that website. Cookies allow us to recognise you automatically whenever you visit our site so that we can personalise your experience and provide you with better service.
Cookies do not tell us email addresses or other personal identifiable information.
For more information about cookies, and instructions on how to manage or disable cookies see http://www.allaboutcookies.org
We also use cookies (and similar browser data, such as Flash cookies) for fraud prevention and other purposes. If your web browser is set to refuse cookies from our website, you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of our website, such as storing items in your Shopping Basket. As a result, we strongly encourage you to configure your web browser to accept cookies from our website.
We do not use any intrusive or advertising based cookies. The cookies we use are limited to 'session' cookies essential for the operation of the shopping basket system and Google Analytics which gives us basic statistics about visitors.