http://www.easternmarine.com/privacy-statement/
Home
Eastern Marine Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement About Your Information
for www.easternmarine.comEastern Marine has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.easternmarine.com
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites and www.easternmarine.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products services.
SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, SSL encryption provided by SECTIGO  (formerly COMODO)Choice/Opt-OutThis site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to sales@easternmarine.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:Eastern Marine Internet Office931 S. Chapel St., Newark DE. 19713
You can call the following telephone number 1-302-453-8077
Correct/UpdateThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email sales@easternmarine.com
send mail to the following postal address:Eastern Marine Internet Office931 S. Chapel St, Newark DE. 19713
You can call the following telephone number 1-302-453-8077
Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site you can contact
Internet OfficeEastern Marine931 S. Chapel StNewark, DE 19713sales@easternmarine.com