https://www.gpscentral.ca/privacypolicy.htm
100% Canadian. Canada's #1 GPS & More Store!
Sign in | View cart | Contact us
1-800-585-9331
Prices are in CDN dollars
Follow
GPS UNITS
New Products
Automotive
Aviation
Bluetooth GPS
Dataloggers
Fitness
GIS
Golf
Handhelds
Wearables
Marine
OEM Sensors
PLBs
Sat Phones
Sales & Rebates
Refurbished
Clearance Items
Demo Units
Discontinued
GPS TRACKING
Vehicle Tracking
Personal Tracking
RADIOS
Amateur Antennas
Amateur Accessories
Amateur Books
Amateur Radios
Avionic Radios
Marine Radios
CB Radios
2-Way Radios
Weather Radios
Scanners
Shortwave
MAPS & CHARTS
Maps for Garmin
Backroads Maps
Oilfield & LSD
Navionics
Paper maps
OUTDOOR GEAR
Walkie Talkies
Avalanche Gear
Binoculars
Cameras
Compasses
Dog Training
Ice Fishing Gear
Metal Detectors
PLBs
Sat Phones
Survival Gear
Weather Stations
ACCESSORIES
Amateur Antennas
Amateur Accessories
Amateur Books
GPS Accessories
Motorsport Headsets
Power Supplies
Ram Mounts
Signal Boosters
Solar Power
iPad Accessories
iPhone Accessories
iPod Accessories
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Events
How to Order
Shipping
Community
Testimonials
Newsletter
FAQs
Policies
Returns
October
31, 2006
GPS Central Privacy Policy
General
GPS Central ("GPS
Central") has adopted the following policy (the "Privacy Policy") that
applies to the information about you that is collected, used and disclosed
by GPS Central in the course of its business activities, including the
information collected, used and disclosed on the www.gpscentral.ca web
site (the "GPS Web Site"). Any acquisition of any product or service offered
by GPS Central signifies your consent and agreement to the terms and conditions
contained in this Privacy Policy, and to the collection, use and disclosure
described herein of your personal information by GPS Central. If you do
not agree with the Privacy Policy, do not acquire a product or service
offered by GPS Central. If at any time you wish to withdraw your consent
to the collection, use and disclosure described herein of your personal
information by GPS Central, you may do so by contacting GPS Central and
advising them of the same in accordance with the section entitled "Changing
or Updating Your Information or Your Privacy Preferences" below.
GPS Central may contact you from time to time to notify you of any material
changes, alterations, amendments or replacements to all or any part of
the Privacy Policy provided that you have given GPS Central your e-mail
address or other contact information and agreed that GPS Central may contact
you using that e-mail address or other contact information.
Collection
of Information
When you access and use the GPS Web Site, our web server automatically
collects certain technical information ("Technical Information") about
your visit to the GPS Web Site, including your domain name, your Internet
Protocol (IP) address, the internet browser and the operating system used
by you and information on what web pages on the GPS Web Site are accessed
or used by you.
If
you wish to acquire products and services offered by GPS Central, including
those offered on or through the GPS Web Site, GPS Central may require
that you provide some or all of the following personal information ("Personal
Information"): your full name, mailing address (including postal or ZIP
code), e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information (including
the credit card number, expiry date and billing address and phone number
as held on file by your banking institution) and other personal information.
GPS Central may also collect additional information about you in processing
your credit application if you have applied for credit from GPS Central
(collectively "Personal Information").
The Technical Information and the Personal Information will be used by
GPS Central for the purposes set out below in the "Use and Disclosure
of Information" section.
Warning:
Other Web Sites
Please note that other web sites may collect information about you when
you visit such other sites. This Privacy Policy does not extend to information
collected by such web sites, including those web sites that provide hypertext
links to the GPS Web Site and those web sites not controlled by GPS Central
that you may be directed to by hypertext links found on the GPS Web Site.
Web sites not controlled by GPS Central are not covered by this Privacy
Policy and GPS Central does not accept any responsibility or liability
for the collection, use or disclosure of information about you by any
other person. For information regarding the privacy policy on another
web site, click on the privacy policy for that web site or contact the
operator of such site.
Use
and Disclosure of Information
The information that is collected, stored and processed in the course
of its business operations is used for a number of purposes, including
processing the transactions you engage in, with or through GPS Central,
providing customer service to you, communicating with you, customizing
and facilitating your use of the GPS Web Site. GPS Central will also use
Technical and Personal Information about you and aggregate it with Technical
and Personal Information about others, such that no person is individually
identifiable. GPS Central will then use this aggregated information for
web site analysis, product or service analysis, statistical analysis,
or marketing and promotional purposes.
Information
about you is important to our business and we are not in the business
of selling your information to others. The information that is collected,
stored and processed by GPS Central will only be disclosed to other parties
in the circumstances outlined below.
•
Third Party Providers of Products. Limited information will be
disclosed to third party providers of products such as Garmin or Magellan.
GPS Central has contracted with various third parties to offer their products
both on or through the GPS Web Site and off the GPS Web Site. Therefore,
when you acquire certain software from GPS Central, we may provide the
serial number of the Product that you purchased from us to the third party
in order to process the sale of the Product and we may confirm, if requested
by the third party, your identity to the third party. Please note that
GPS Central will only confirm your identity with the third party and will
not be providing any other of your Personal Information to that third
party. Therefore, if you have not previously provided personal information
to the third party, the third party will not be able to confirm your identity
with us as we only confirm information provided to us by that third party.
Please note that GPS Central cannot be responsible for the use of such
information by such third parties and GPS Central strongly recommends
that you review the privacy policy of the third party prior to providing
your personal information to such third party. You acknowledge and agree
that your purchase of a product or service offered by GPS Central will
constitute evidence of your acceptance and consent that GPS Central may
disclose Personal Information about you to a third party as provided for
above and herein.
•
Banking Institutions. Information such as your name, address and
credit card information will be disclosed to the appropriate banking institution
in order to confirm and authenticate orders made by credit card. Where
the name, address and credit card information provided to GPS Central
does not match with the information stored with the banking institution,
GPS Central will advise the person ordering the products or services by
phone or e-mail that GPS Central was not able to obtain the authorization
necessary to complete the transaction and thereafter the information provided
may be shared with the fraud department of the banking institution. GPS
Central confirms all credit card orders with appropriate banking institutions
in order to minimize fraud, which protects both GPS Central and you.
•
Agents. Information will be disclosed to a person (your agent)
that GPS Central is satisfied has been authorized by you to receive information.
Information will also be disclosed to agents of GPS Central such as a
company hired to deliver packages on behalf of GPS Central. Agents of
GPS Central will only be given access to information required by them
in order to perform the services on behalf of GPS Central.
•
Collection Agencies. Information about you will be disclosed to
a collection agency if amounts owing by you to GPS Central are not paid
within the agreed upon time or such other time as GPS Central decides
is appropriate, acting reasonably.
•
Disclosure for Legal Purposes. GPS Central will disclose information
about you if required to do so by law, court order or as requested by
any other government or law enforcement authority. GPS Central will also
disclose information about you where GPS Central, acting reasonably, believes
that such disclosure is necessary or advisable, including when GPS Central
has reason to believe that the safety of GPS Central employees, customers
or others is at risk, or if disclosure of such information is necessary
or advisable to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone
who may be causing interference with GPS Central's rights or properties,
whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed
in such activities.
•
Sale of the Business. GPS Central will disclose information about
you to a purchaser in the event that GPS Central sells all or a part of
its business or if GPS Central is acquired by, or merged with, another
entity.
•
With Your Consent. With your prior consent, GPS Central may disclose
information about you in situations other than as provided above.
Use
of Cookies
When you visit the GPS Web Site, we place a "cookie" on the hard drive
of your computer to track your visit to the GPS Web Site. A cookie is
a small data file that is transferred to your hard drive through your
web browser that can only be read by the web site that placed the cookie
on your hard drive. The cookie allows GPS Central to track your visit
to the GPS Web Site and the items that you place in your shopping cart.
For a detailed description of what a "cookie" is, please enter the search
term "cookie" on the search program provided on the https://whatis.techtarget.com/
web site.
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. However, on most web browsers
you may change this setting to have your web browser either: (1) notify
you prior to a web site placing a cookie on your hard drive so that you
can decide whether or not to accept the cookie; or (2) automatically prevent
the placing of a cookie on your hard drive. It should be noted that if
cookies are not accepted, you will not be able to access a number of web
pages and if you choose not to accept the cookies placed on your hard
drive by GPS Central, you will not be able to access a number of web pages
found on the GPS Web Site.
Security
GPS Central endeavors to provide a secure environment in which you can
provide and obtain access to information about you. GPS Central has security
measures in place to prevent the modification, misuse, loss or misappropriation
of information about you, including the provision of a secure environment
in which the information is stored.
Another security measure used by GPS Central is that we do not permanently
store your credit card information on our computer system. In fact, GPS
Central only temporarily stores your credit card information on a secure
server and thereafter GPS Central only keeps paper records of your credit
card information so that such information is not stored online. You can
entirely avoid providing your credit card information online by phoning
GPS Central and providing your credit card information to an individual
who will enter it into our paper records. In addition, we offer you the
option to pay for products using a
money order or bank draft so that your credit
card information is never provided to us.
Changing or Updating Your Information or Your Privacy Preferences
You may, at any time, view or update all of your information stored by
GPS Central, including your privacy preferences, by contacting GPS Central
directly as set out in the "Contact Us" section below.
In some cases, GPS Central may not be able to provide you with all the
information that it has collected about you. This would occur if provision
of the information could lead to disclosure of another individual's personal
information, where laws or regulations prevent disclosure, or where it
would simply be too costly to provide the information such as a request
to provide you with a detailed history of every web page on the GPS Web
Site visited by you. If GPS Central decides not to disclose some or all
of the information collected about you, GPS Central will advise you of
the reason.
Please note that even if you delete or change your information stored
by us, information about you will continue to be stored by us indefinitely
and may be used and disclosed by us for the purposes set out under the
headings under the "Use and Disclosure of Information" section
above. Also, you should note that information may still be stored in places
outside of our control such as in our agents', contractors', or third
party suppliers' databases (including those being used for archival purposes).
In the event that you are having difficulties in reviewing or amending
your information, please contact us directly as set out in the "Contact
Us" section below.
You may also withdraw your consent to the terms and conditions contained
in this privacy policy by providing notice in writing to that effect delivered
to the address as specified in the "Contact Us" section below.
You further acknowledge and agree that you will not, after withdrawing
your consent to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, acquire a product
or service offered by GPS Central. You may however continue to use products
acquired prior to the cancellation. If you acquire any product or service
offered by GPS Central or use the GPS Web Site after withdrawing your
consent, such action signifies your consent and agreement to the terms
and conditions contained in this Privacy Policy, and to the collection,
use and disclosure described herein of your Personal Information by GPS
Central.
Accountability and Complaints
GPS Central has designated George Valentine as the person for you to contact
to raise issues or concerns with respect to the collection, use and disclosure
of your information about you. Please contact George Valentine directly
at with your questions or concerns
at 1-800-585-9331
(toll free in Canada and in the United States) or at 1-403-239-1400.
In the event that you have a complaint with respect to our collection,
use or disclosure of information about you, please forward a written statement
of your complaint to sales@gpscentral.ca
or fax it to 1-403-239-1408 where we will within thirty (30) days review
your complaint and advise you, as to the response to your request, or
in the event that we need to extend the time that it will take us to respond
to your request, or have to refuse your request, we will tell you why
(subject to any legal restrictions) we are unable to respond to your request
within the time period.
Contact Us
You may contact GPS Central at 1-800-585-9331 (toll free
in Canada and in the United States) or by e-mail.
© 2001-2020
GPS
Central™
#8, 711 48th Ave
SE Calgary AB
Canada
T2G 4X2
Since
2001 -
Factory Authorized Dealer
Sitemap | Terms
of Use | Privacy
Policy