http://www.competitionproducts.com/privacy.asp
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
Blog
|
Contact Us
|
QUICK ORDER
|
View Cart
|
My Account
-- Shop by Manufacturer --
ACL
AED
Aeromotive
AFR
Akerly & Childs
Allstar Performance
Altronics
ARP Automotive
ATI
Auto Meter
B & M
BDS
BME
Brad Penn
BRM
Brodix
Callies
Carrillo
Carter Fuel Pumps
Champion
Cometic Gasket
Clevite
Cloyes
Comp Cams
Compstar
Crower
CVR
Dart
Daytona Sensors
Derale
Design Engineering
Dura-Bond
E3
Edelbrock
Elgin
Enginetech
Energy Suspension
Fast Fuel
Fastronix
Fel-Pro
Fitech
Flowmaster
Fragola
Fti
Goodridge
Goodwin Competition
Grant
GRP
Harland Sharp
Hastings
Heatshield Products
HVH
Holley
Howards Cams
HRC Howards
Hurst
Hylomar
Induction Solutions
Innovative Seal
Intercomp
Isky
JAZ Products
JE Pistons
Jesel
Jomar
KB Pistons
Kevko
King Engine Bearings
Koul Tools LLC
Longacre
Lunati
LSM
Mahle
Mallory
Manley
Maradyne
Marshall
Manton
Maxima
Melling
Meziere
Midwest Racing Industry
Milodon
Moroso
Mr Gasket Co
MSD
NGK
Nexus
Northern
NOS
Oliver
PAC
Pertronix
Performance Automatic
PRP
Phillips
Pioneer
Power Building Videos
Power Products
Pro-Filer
Professional Products
Proform
PRW
QA1
Quick Fuel
RaceQuip
Redhorse
RHS
Richmond
RJS
ROL
Ron Francis
ROSS Racing Pistons
Russell
SA Design
SA Gear
Scat
SCE
Scorpion
Spark Plug Box
Speed Pro
Specialty Fasteners
SRP
Standard Abrasives
System 1 Filters
T & D
Taylor
TCI
The Blower Shop (TBS)
Trick Flow
TWRCP
Total Seal
Valco
Valley Girdle
VDO
Victor Reinz
VTO
Wegner Motorsports
Weiand
West Bend
Wiseco
World Products
Specials
Today's Specials
Broom Sheet - Clearances
Air & Fuel Delivery
Bearings & Bearing Spacers
Books, Videos & Software
Camshafts and Valvetrain
Connecting Rods
Cooling Systems & Accessories
Crankshafts
Cylinder Heads
Engines and Short Block Assemblies
Engine/Short Block Kits
Engine Kits and Rotating Assemblies
Engine Blocks
Exhaust
Fasteners
Flexplates and Flywheels
Gaskets
Gauges
Harmonic Balancers & Acc.
Heat Sleeve, Shield, Wrap
Ignition & Electrical
Lubes, Oil and Sealers
Main Caps, Main Girdles and Valley Girdles
Marine
Motor Mounts & Motor Plates
Oil Systems
"O" Rings and Grommets
Paint
Pistons and Piston Rings
Plumbing, Hose & Fittings
Pulleys & Accessory Drive Kits
Practice Trees
Valve Covers and Dress Up Accessories
Rear End & Differential Components
Brakes
Transmission & Drivetrain
Safety
Suspension
Suspension Tuning
Programmers
Air Fuel Ratio, Exhaust Gas Temp. & Data Recorders
Weather Stations
Tools
Gifts & Apparel
View Cart
Account Info
Request Catalog
Address Book
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Competition Products.
Our postal address is
280 West 35th Ave
Oshkosh, WI 54902
We can be reached via e-mail at info[at]competitionproducts.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 1-920-233-2023
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is shared with other reputable organizations to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
You may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address.
Please provide us with your exact name and address. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by , sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Company Information
About Us
Media Info
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
Blog
Returns
Contact Us
Downloads
Online Payments
NOTE: Some parts are not legal for use in California or other states with similar laws and/or regulations.
Copyright © 2018 Competition Products All rights reserved.