http://www.everlifememorials.com/v/company/terms-conditions.htm#returns
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
My Account
View Cart
Shop by Category
For People
Headstones
Urns
Cremation Jewelry
Flag CasesCeramic Pictures
Cemetery Statues
Memorial Lights & Candles
Misc. Products
Special Offers
New Products
For Pets
Pet Urns
Pet Grave Markers
Pet Cremation Jewelry
Pet Cremation Memorials
Pet Caskets
Laser Engraved Plaques
Pet Ceramic Pictures
Pet Accessories
Articles & Guides
Categories
Purchasing a Headstone
Selecting a Headstone
Purchasing Cremation Urns
Types of Urns
Cremation Articles
Pet Loss Articles & Guides
All Articles & Guides...
Home > About Us > Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
READ CAREFULLY. This Terms of Use Agreement ("Terms of Use") applies to use of the Everlife Memorials website located at http://www.everlifememorials.com (the "Web Site" or "Site"). The Web Site is the property of Everlife Memorials, a division of Classic Memorials, Inc. a Texas corporation. Before you make any purchases, you must first agree to these terms and conditions. BY CHECKING THE "I AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS" CHECK BOX ON THE CHECKOUT PAGE YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT CLICK ON THE BUTTON AND DO NOT USE THE SITE.
General
This Web Site, including all of its features and content (the "Web Site") is owned and made available by Everlife Memorials, a division of Classic Memorials Inc., a Texas corporation. By using the Web Site to purchase the products sold from it, you accept these terms and conditions, which shall
be interpreted according to the law as practiced in the State of Texas.
Order Accepting Policy
Your receipt of an order confirmation in any form does not
necessarily constitute finality of the sale. Classic Memorials, Inc. retains the
right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline it for any
reason. We may require additional information and/or verification before
accepting the order.
Pricing
Our pricing includes only the products and services ordered at the time of the sale. It does not cover any future work such as
engravings or death date scrolls. The prices advertised on our website are
current. However, due to the unpredictable price fluctuation with gold our gold cremation and memorial jewelry products we reserve the right to adjust these prices after the sale.
Natural Materials
If purchasing a product made from natural stone or wood
including but not limited to grave memorials made from granite, natural stone
urns, wood urns, wood flag cases,
and any other
product containing or incorporating the use of natural wood or stone material,
purchaser acknowledges that stone and wood are natural materials with variations
in color and other characteristics and agrees to accept such natural variations.
Headstone & Grave Markers
Cemetery Installation Fees
Including but not limited to
bronze, and granite memorials, laser engraved memorials and personalized granite benches, the
purchase price of the memorial does not include cemetery installation fees. It
is the responsibility of the purchaser to pay the cemetery installation fees
associated with this memorial purchase.
Layout Approval
Before any
work is inscribed or cast on the memorial, the purchaser will be given the
opportunity to review a proof of the memorial layout to check for accuracy. It
is imperative that purchaser makes a final inspection of the drawing for
correct spellings, dates, and design elements. Purchaser must sign the approval
and return to our office before production commences and subsequent delivery.
Sizing & Dimensions
Unless otherwise
agreed to in writing, purchaser agrees that all dimensions are approximate and purchaser
understands and consents that a variance in sizing is normal within the stone
industry.
Items Included in Sale
Purchase includes
only the items detailed on the order. Our prices do not include final date
inscriptions or final date bronze scrolls to be added at a later date, cemetery
fees, installation charges, landscaping, perpetual care, rush charges, delivery
charges outside our trade area, nor extra cost options unless otherwise stated
in writing on the order form.
Returns & Cancellations
WE MUST BE NOTIFIED WITHIN 48 HOURS OF DELIVERY FOR A DAMAGED ITEM
NOTE: Unless otherwise stated on this website, product returns will be handled in the following manner.
In order to ensure the best
possible return service, customer must contact us prior to any returns to obtain proper return
instructions. Compliance with this measure will prevent unnecessary delays and/or
additional shipping charges. Any item that has been refused at the time of delivery will be
considered a return.
Non-Personalized Urns & Cremation Jewelry
This
applies to most urns and cremation pendants that are not personalized.
Customer
has three (3) business days from the delivery date to contact us to initiate a return. Expedited fees will not be
reimbursed unless the delivery was not fulfilled properly. The customer pays return
shipping charges and package must be insured for full amount of purchase. If the return is damaged during transit back to warehouse and not insured up to full amount, customer will be responsible for difference. Not all urns carry the full refund guarantee and those whose sale is final or a restocking fee is applied during a return will be duly noted on the product information page. In order to honor the full refund guarantee the following
conditions must be met:
Item is returned within the allotted time frame
Product must be in resalable condition
Item cannot have been filled with ashes
Urn or pendant was not personalized by engraving or special
appliqués
To initiate a return contact us.
All Other Non-Personalized Products
Including but not limited to non-personalized statues,
flag cases (excluding personalized nameplates) and other non-personalized items in resalable condition. Customer has ten (10)
business days from the delivery date to return the non-customized item(s) for a
refund
less a
15% restocking fee unless otherwise stated below in 'Restocking Fees for Other Products'. Any
expedite delivery charges and personalized accessories such as nameplates will not be refunded. Product must
be in resalable condition. Customer pays return
shipping charges and package must be insured for full amount of purchase. If return is damaged during transit back to warehouse and not insured up to full amount, customer will be responsible for difference.
Restocking Fees for Other Products:
Pet caskets - 25% restocking fee.
AKC Dog Urn - 25% restocking fee.
Peacelight
Memorial Lights & accessories
- 20% restocking fee.
Aluminum Cemetery Vases Starting with code USMC - 25% restocking fee
Bronze Cemetery Vases
- 20% restocking fee
To initiate a return contact us.
Personalized Products
Including but not limited to personalized: bronze and granite headstones and grave markers,
ceramic pictures, memorial lights, urns, engraved nameplates, engraved easels, cremation jewelry and
any other such personalized items we may carry which cannot be resold once personalized. Customer has 3 business days to cancel order for a full refund provided no work which permanently alters the product has been started.
Once the order has been processed and a layout proof has been sent to the customer and customer wishes to cancel order a service fee of 15% will be
incurred. If work has already started
in which alterations to the stock item have been made, there will be no returns or cancellations allowed.
If item has been damaged or made incorrectly, Classic Memorials, Inc. reserves the right to replace the
defective/incorrect product with one that meets with the original order. You will
be required to provide photographed details of the defective/incorrect product
for internal review prior to any action being taken. Customer has ten (10)
business days from the delivery date to report defective/incorrect products.
Note: If the product was personalized and it was received
in damaged condition we reserve the right to replace the item as it was
originally ordered.
Other Non-returnable
Products
Cast bronze vases, bronze scrolls, bronze emblems and any other bronze item which is made to order cannot be returned for a refund. Customer must make certain that if ordering any one of these items that it is the correct one before completing the order.
Security Guarantee
Under the Fair Credit
Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent
charges. In the event that a fraudulent charge is made to your account through
our Web Site and you are held liable we will cover the whole liability up to $50.00.
Classic Memorials, Inc. will cover this liability only if the unauthorized use of
your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at
Classic Memorials, Inc. while using our Web Site. In the case of unauthorized use of
your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with
its reporting rules, regulations and procedures.
Copyright
The entire content included in this Web Site, including but not limited to
text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the
United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of
Classic Memorials, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are
licensed to Classic Memorials, Inc. Copyright 2003, Classic Memorials, Inc.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and
print hard copy portions of this Web Site for the sole purpose of placing
an order with Classic Memorials, Inc. or purchasing Classic Memorials, Inc.
products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated
restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or
print portions of the material from the different areas of the Web Site
solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with
Classic Memorials, Inc. or to purchase Classic Memorials, Inc. products. Any
other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution,
display or transmission of the content of this Web Site is strictly
prohibited, unless authorized by Classic Memorials, Inc.. You further agree
not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials
downloaded from the Web Site.
Trademarks
EVERLIFE MEMORIALS
and MAKING A DIFFICULT PURCHASE A LITTLE EASIER are registered
trademarks or service marks of Classic Memorials, Inc. All custom
graphics, icons, logos and service names are registered trademarks,
trademarks or service marks of Classic Memorials, Inc. All other trademarks or service
marks are property of their respective owners. The use of any Classic Memorials, Inc.
trademark or service mark without Classic Memorials, Inc.'s express written consent is
strictly prohibited.
Third Party and Typographical
Mistakes
In the event that the Web Site lists a price or product
description incorrect due to a typographical error or an error in the
information received from a supplier, we reserve the right to refuse or cancel
any order placed for products listed at an incorrect price prior to shipping.
Classic Memorials, Inc. reserves the rights to refuse or cancel any order whether or
not the order had been confirmed and your credit card had been billed. If your
credit card had been billed, Classic Memorials, Inc. will immediately issue a credit
to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price. By check or
money order payment a check will be issued and will be sent out immediately. If
the order has already been shipped and the customer wishes to return it due to
any misinformation there will be a 15% restocking fee as mentioned under
Returns.
Jurisdiction and Venue
You agree
that any legal action brought against Classic Memorials, Inc. and any of its
subsidiaries will be governed by the laws of the State of Texas without regard
to its conflict of law principles. You agree that the sole jurisdiction and
venue for any and all litigation arising from your use or orders made from
Classic Memorials, Inc. Web Site will be an appropriate federal or state court
located in Nueces County in Texas.
Payment Methods
All orders must be
accompanied by payment at the time of the sale. Credit Card is the most common
and preferred method for payment. We accept most major credit cards. Please be sure to provide correct
information when asked for. Incorrect information may lead to delays in
processing your order.
Money orders, cashiers checks
or any other type of check will be accepted by Classic Memorials, Inc. Orders will be processed upon
receipt of money orders or cashiers checks. For personal checks please allow up to 10 working days after receipt of check for clearance of
funds. Once the check has cleared the order will be processed promptly. We will
charge a $25 fee on all returned checks.
Sales Taxes
Sales tax will be added
automatically to your order for sales that originate in the state of Texas. Each customer will be
solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes on orders shipped in
states other than Texas where applicable.
Shipping
Pricing includes regular ground shipping or
common carrier shipping ("Free Delivery") to any destination within the
48 contiguous states. For shipments that extend beyond our "Free Delivery" area or if special delivery requirements are necessary, additional charges may be incurred.
Disclaimer
This Web Site and the materials and products on this Web Site are provided "as
is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To
the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law,
Classic Memorials, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied,
including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
Classic Memorials, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions
contained in the Web Site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the
defects will be corrected, or that this Web Site or the server that makes
the Web Site available are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Classic Memorials, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations
regarding the use of the materials in this Web Site in terms of their
correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or
otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on
warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Classic Memorials, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or
consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to
use, the materials on this Web Site or the performance of the products,
even if Classic Memorials, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such
damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of
liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Term; Termination
These
terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the Web Site
and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and
conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by
Classic Memorials, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The
provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of
Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any
termination.
Notice
Classic Memorials, Inc.
may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the
Web Site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to
Classic Memorials, Inc..
Miscellaneous
Your use of
this Web Site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of
California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not
by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of
goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal
proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this
Web Site (including but not limited to the purchase of Classic Memorials, Inc.
products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los
Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have
with respect to the Web Site (including but not limited to the purchase of
Classic Memorials, Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year
after the claim or cause of action arises. Classic Memorials, Inc.'s
failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision
of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any
provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties
nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and
conditions. Classic Memorials, Inc. may assign its rights and duties under
this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Web Site
Harassment
in any manner or form on the Web Site, including via e-mail, chat, or by
use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden.
Impersonation of others, including a Classic Memorials, Inc. or other
licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or
visitors on the Web Site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute,
or otherwise publish through the Web Site any content which is libelous,
defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity
rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may
constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any
party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law.
You may not upload commercial content on the Web Site or use the Web Site to
solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online
service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Classic Memorials, Inc.
does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to
or created by users accessing the Web Site, and is not in any manner
responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You
acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and
distribute user-generated content on the Web Site, Classic Memorials, Inc. is
merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not
undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or
activities on the Web Site. However, Classic Memorials, Inc. reserves the right
to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be
(a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or
misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other
intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise
unacceptable to Classic Memorials, Inc. in its sole discretion.
Third-Party Links
In
an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors,
Classic Memorials, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties.
However, even if the third party is affiliated with
Classic Memorials, Inc., Classic Memorials, Inc. has no control over these
linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection
practices, independent of Classic Memorials, Inc.. These linked sites are
only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own
risk. Nonetheless, Classic Memorials, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity
of its Web Site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any
feedback on not only its own Web Site, but for sites it links to as well
(including if a specific link does not work).
Severability
If any provision of these Terms
and Conditions is determined to be unenforceable or invalid, the unenforceable
or invalid part hereof shall be deemed severed from these Terms and Conditions,
and the remaining portions of these Terms and Conditions shall be carried out
with the same force and effect as if the severed portions had NOT been part of
these Terms and Conditions.
Indemnification
You agree to
indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Classic Memorials, Inc., its officers,
directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the
"Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and
costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any
violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your
account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other
person accessing the Web Site using your Internet account
Accept Credit Cards Online
Terms
| Shipping
| Returns
| Privacy
| Site Map
| Resources
| Contact Us
Copyright
© 2004 Classic Memorials, Inc. DBA Everlife Memorials. All Rights Reserved.
Everlife Memorials
5233 IH 37, Suite C-14Corpus Christi, TX 78408Ph: 800.293.3778