http://www.dialadiamond.com/terms-conditions.html
Diamond & Engagement Rings New York | Wedding Rings & Estate Jewelry At Empire Diamond
Sign up to our newsletter to receive news,updates, and special offers!
800.728.3425
800.728.3425
Map
Menu
About
About Us
Our Service
Learn about Diamonds
Forms
Engagement Rings
Pre-Set Engagement Rings
Round Brilliant Diamond Rings
Radiant/Princess Cut Diamond Rings
Emerald Cut Diamond Rings
Oval Cut Diamond Rings
Marquise Cut Diamond Rings
Cushion Cut Diamond Rings
Pear Shape Diamond Rings
Asscher Cut Diamond Rings
Closeout Engagement Rings
Engagement Settings
Classic Solitaire Engagement Settings
Three-stone Engagement Settings
Pave & Mirco-pave Engagement Settings
Martin Flyer Close-out Settings
Engagement Settings with side stones
Wedding Rings
Plain Wedding Bands
Diamond Wedding Bands
Diamond Eternity Wedding Bands
Men's Wedding Bands
Estate Jewelry
Rings
Earrings
Bracelets
Necklaces
Pins/Brooches
Womens Vintage Watches
Mens Vintage Watches
Mens Accessories
Objects d'Art
Diamond Stud Earrings
Valentine's Day Specials
Lowest Price Quote
Sell To Us
Contact
Testimonials
Terms & Conditions
These terms and
conditions apply to the Empire Diamond Web site located at www.bluenile.com, and all associated Web sites linked to www.empirediamond.com by Empire Diamond, its subsidiaries and
affiliates, including Empire Diamond's sites around the
world (collectively 'the Site'). Please read these terms and conditions
(the 'Terms and Conditions') carefully. BY USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE
BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of, and any purchase from, the Empire Diamond Site, and constitute an agreement between you and Empire Diamond. Empire Diamond reserves the right to change or modify any of these Terms and Conditions or any policy or guideline of the Site at any time, and in its sole discretion. Any change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of its changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. Therefore, you should frequently review these Terms and Conditions and any other applicable policies from time-to-time to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site. If you do not agree to the amended terms, you must stop using the Site.
Product Availability and Pricing
If you're interested in a piece of jewelry that is currently on back order, call us and we can tell you when the item will be back in stock. Sometimes with the volume of orders we receive, an item may go out of stock before we are able to post a notification on the Site. If this happens, we will contact you directly to discuss possible options.
Data, including
prices, may be inaccurately displayed on our Site due to system or
typographical errors. While we make every attempt to avoid these errors, they
may occur. We reserve the right to correct any and all errors when they do
occur, and we do not honor inaccurate or erroneous prices. If a product's
listed price is lower than its actual price, we will, at our discretion, either
contact you for instructions before shipping the product or cancel the order
and notify you of such cancellation. If the order has been shipped, you agree
to either return the product or pay the difference between the actual and
charged prices. Our prices are also subject to change without notice. We
apologize for any inconvenience that this may cause. If you have any questions,
please do not hesitate to contact one of our Diamond and Jewelry Consultants
at info@dialadiamond.com or (800) 728-3425.
We do not negotiate prices on our products and all our prices are final.
Diamond Certificates
When you order a loose diamond, we ship it to you with the accompanying diamond grading report (also called a diamond certificate). These grading reports are detailed documents created by diamond grading experts at one of two highly-respected diamond laboratories - making it very expensive to replace a diamond grading report. Because of this, we require each diamond grading report to be included with each returned diamond. If you do not include the diamond grading report with your return, you will be charged a replacement fee of $250.
Comparison Purchasing
To keep our prices
low, we do not allow comparison purchasing. Comparison purchasing is the act of
buying several items with the intent of keeping the one you like best and
returning the remainder. This causes undue restocking and inventory overhead
and can be very costly. To confirm the quality of a jewelry item, please
contact one of our Diamond and Jewelry Consultants at info@dialadiamond.com or (800) 728-3425, and we would be happy to help you make your
choice.
Individual items of $500* or less being returned for refund can be set up online in just 4 simple steps. Request a Return Merchandise Authorization code and if you'd like, use our convenient pre-paid FedEx Ground® return shipping label for only $7.00 (deducted from your refund). It's that easy!
Information on our Site
At Empire Diamond, we make every attempt to ensure that our online catalog is as accurate and complete as possible. In order to give you the opportunity to view our products in great detail, some products may appear larger or smaller than their actual size in our photographs; and since every computer monitor is set differently, color and size may vary slightly.
Our objective is to provide you with as much information and detail about your prospective purchase as possible so that you can see the beauty and shape of a particular item. In compliance with industry standards and FTC regulations, Empire Diamond states that carat total weight in all purchases may vary 0.05 carats from stated weight.
On the Site, we provide the measurement of our products based on our manufacturing specifications. Slight tolerances may be accounted for based on finishing during the manufacturing. Width tolerance on machine made wedding bands of 0.20mm is allowed. Cast manufactured rings can vary slightly more.
For gemstone and pearl measurements, a tolerance of 0.25mm is allowed.
For diamond jewelry set with multiple diamonds, we provide the minimum total carat weight for the piece. Color and clarity grades are expressed as either a minimum or an average depending on the number of diamonds. If stated as a minimum, all diamonds within the piece are at or above the stated quality. If expressed as an average, collectively the quality is equal to or exceeds the grade stated.
Policy on Ethical Sourcing
At Empire
Diamond, we only purchase diamonds through the largest and most respected
suppliers who, like us, proudly adhere to and enforce the standards established
by the Kimberley Process, an international system that polices the trade of
diamonds to ensure they are from sources free of conflict. Read more
about Empire Diamond's policy on conflict diamonds and the steps we take to ensure our
diamonds are from conflict free sources.
Privacy
Policy
Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information on
how Empire Diamond collects, uses, and discloses personally identifiable
information from its customers.
Site
Content
The Site and all content and other materials, including, without limitation, the Empire Diamond logo, and all designs, text, graphics, pictures, selection, coordination, 'look and feel', information, data, software, sound files, other files and the selection and arrangement thereof (collectively, the "Site Materials") are the proprietary property of Empire Diamond or its licencors or users and are protected by trade dress, copyright, patent and trademark laws, and various other intellectual property rights and unfair competition laws.
Trademarks
Empire Diamond, Dial A Diamond, the Empire Diamond logos, and any other product or service name or slogan contained in our Site are trademarks of Empire Diamond and its suppliers or licencors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Empire Diamond or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Empire Diamond" or any other name, trademark or product or service name of Empire Diamond without our prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and Empire Diamond names or logos mentioned in our Site are the property of their respective owners.
Use of the Site
You are granted a personal, limited, non-sublicensable license to access and use our Site and electronically copy, (except where prohibited without a license) and print to hard copy portions of our Site Materials for your informational, non-commercial and personal use only. Such license is subject to these Terms and Conditions and does not include: (a) any resale or commercial use of our Site or the Site Materials therein; (b) the collection and use of any product listings, pictures or descriptions for commercial purposes; (c) the distribution, public performance or public display of any Site Materials, (d) modifying or otherwise making any derivative uses of our Site and the Site Materials, or any portion thereof; (e) use of any automated means to access, monitor or interact with any portion of our Site, including through data mining, robots, spiders, scraping, or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (f) downloading (other than the page caching) of any portion of our Site, the Site Materials or any information contained therein, except as expressly permitted on our Site; (g) cause to appear any pop-up, pop-under, exit windows, expanding buttons, banners, advertisement, or anything else which minimizes, covers, or frames or inhibits the full display of our Site; (h) use our web sites in any way which interferes with the normal operation of our sites; or (i) any use of our Site or the Site Materials other than for its intended purpose. Any use of our Site or the Site Materials other than as specifically authorized herein, without the prior written permission of Empire Diamond, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license granted herein. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws, including without limitation copyright and trademark laws and applicable communications regulations and statutes. Unless explicitly stated herein, nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as conferring any license to intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. This license is revocable at any time.
Infringer Policy
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and other applicable law, Empire Diamond has adopted a policy of terminating and barring, in appropriate circumstances and at Empire Diamond's sole discretion, site users or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. Empire Diamond may also at its sole discretion limit access to this site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Third Party Content
Empire Diamond may provide links to Web pages and content of third parties ('Third Party Content') as a service to those interested in this information. Empire Diamond does not monitor or have any control over any Third Party Content or third party Sites. Empire Diamond does not endorse any Third Party Content and can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness. Empire Diamond does not represent or warrant the accuracy of any information contained therein, and undertakes no responsibility to update or review any Third Party Content. Users use these links and Third Party Content contained therein at their own risk.
Advertisements and Promotions
Empire Diamond may run advertisements and promotions from third parties on our Site. Your business dealings or correspondence with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers other than Empire Diamond, and any terms, conditions, warranties, or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such third party. Empire Diamond is not responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of such non-Empire Diamond advertisers on our Site.
Submissions
You acknowledge and agree that any materials, including but not limited to questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, plans, notes, drawings, original or creative materials or other information, regarding this site, Empire Diamond, or our products or services that are provided by you to Empire Diamond are non-confidential and shall become the sole property of Empire Diamond. Empire Diamond will own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, and will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these materials for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. You grant Empire Diamond and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the content that you submit, or that you otherwise have the right to submit such content to this site; (b) the content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the content you supply will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
Product Reviews and User Content
Our Site includes a product review feature, and includes or may include in the future discussion forums, user generated content, or other areas or services in which you or third parties create, post, or store any content, messages, materials or other items on our Site ('Interactive Areas'). You are solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas and use them at your own risk. By using any Interactive Areas, you agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through our Site any of the following:
Any message, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, video, graphics, code or other material ('User Content') that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
User Content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any rules of a securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ;
User Content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party. By posting any User Content, you represent and warrant that you have the lawful right to distribute and reproduce such User Content;
User Content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
Unsolicited promotions, political campaigning, advertising or solicitations;
Private information of any third party, including, without limitation, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, Social Security numbers and credit card numbers;
Viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and
User Content that, in the sole judgment of Empire Diamond, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas or our Site, or which may expose Empire Diamond or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
Empire Diamond takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Empire Diamond liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. Your use of Interactive Areas is at your own risk. As a provider of interactive services, Empire Diamond is not liable for any statements, representations or User Content provided by its users in any public forum, personal home page or other Interactive Area. Although Empire Diamond has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the Content posted in any Interactive Area, Empire Diamond reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit any User Content posted or stored on our Site at any time and for any reason without notice, and you are solely responsible for creating backup copies of and replacing any User Content you post or store on our Site at your sole cost and expense.. Any use of the Interactive Areas or other portions of our Site in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms and Conditions and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Interactive Areas and/or our Site. In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, to protect Empire Diamond's systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of Empire Diamond's business and systems, Empire Diamond may access and disclose any information it considers necessary or appropriate, including, without limitation, user profile information (i.e. name, e-mail address, etc.), IP addressing and traffic information, usage history, and posted User Content. Empire Diamond's right to disclose any such information shall govern over any terms of Empire Diamond's Privacy Policy.
If you post User Content to our Site, unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Empire Diamond and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such User Content throughout the world in any media. You grant Empire Diamond and its affiliates and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that (a) you own and control all of the rights to the User Content that you post or you otherwise have the right to post such User Content to our Site; (b) the User Content is accurate and not misleading; and (c) use and posting of the User Content you supply does not violate these Terms and Conditions and will not violate any rights of or cause injury to any person or entity.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Empire Diamond, its independent contractors, service providers and consultants, and their respective directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, damages, costs, liabilities, and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys' fees) arising out of or related to any Content you post, store or otherwise transmit on or through our Site or your use of or inability to use our Site, including without limitation any actual or threatened suit, demand or claim made against Empire Diamond and/or its independent contractors, service providers, employees, directors or consultants, arising out of or relating to the Content, your conduct, your violation of these Terms and Conditions or your violation of the rights of any third party.
Disclaimer of Warranty
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN A WRITING BY EMPIRE DIAMOND, THIS SITE, THE CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN AND THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES PROVIDED ON OR IN CONNECTION THEREWITH (THE "PRODUCTS AND SERVICES") ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. EMPIRE DIAMOND DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT AS TO THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, AND MATERIALS IN OUR SITE. EMPIRE DIAMOND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT MATERIALS IN OUR SITE OR THE SERVICES ARE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR ERROR-FREE. EMPIRE DIAMOND DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT OUR SITE OR ITS SERVERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL EMPIRE DIAMOND, ITS DIRECTORS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, OR LOSS OF DATA, WHETHER IN AN ACTION IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF OUR SITE, THE PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, OR THE CONTENT CONTAINED IN OR ACCESSED THROUGH OUR SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES CASED BY OR RESULTING FROM RELIANCE BY USER ON ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM EMPIRE DIAMOND, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES OR EMAIL, ERRORS, DEFECTS, VIRUSES, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, WHETHER OR NOT RESULTING FROM ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO EMPIRE DIAMOND'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS OR SERVICES.
Applicable Law and Venue
These Terms and Conditions and your use of this site will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, applicable to agreements made and to be entirely performed within the State of New York, without resort to its conflict of law provisions. You agree that any action at law or in equity arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions shall be filed only in the state and federal courts located in New York and you hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts over any suit, action or proceeding arising out of your use of this site, any purchase from this site, or these Terms and Conditions.
Modification and Notice
You agree that Empire Diamond may modify these Terms and Conditions and any other policies on our Site at any time and that posting the modified Terms and Conditions or policies on our Site will constitute sufficient notice of such modification.
Termination
Notwithstanding any of these Terms and Conditions, Empire Diamond reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, to terminate your license to use this site, and to block or prevent future your access to and use of the Site.
Severability
If any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Questions & Contact Information
If you have any
questions, please do not hesitate to contact one of our Diamond and Jewelry
Consultants at info@dialadiamond.com or (800) 728-3425. These Terms and Conditions do not apply to
content provided by the Jewelers Mutual Insurance Company. Terms and
Conditions updated on February 12th, 2015.
Shipping Policy
We offer FREE shipping for United States orders. Customer is responsible for the cost of signature confirmation and overnight shipping.
All prices are subject to change based on market price of gold
Empire Diamond Corp., 350 Fifth Ave. Suite: 3012 New York, NY 10118| (800) 728-3425 or (212) 564-4777
Home |
About Us |
Engagement Rings|
Estate Jewelry|
Lowest Diamond Quote |
Sell Your Unwanted Jewelry |
Contact |
Carat Weight |
Diamond Cut
Diamond Light |
Diamond Shape |
GIA Grading System |
BBB Business Review |
Sitemap |
Terms & Conditions |
Return Policy
Copyright 2020 Empire Diamond Corp. |
Privacy Policy |
Accessibility Statement