http://www.prairieharvest.com/privacy-policy
800.350.7166
HOME
PRODUCTS
ABOUT US
CONTACT
Privacy Policy
Your information protection is very important to us. When you place an order, it is placed through a secure server. This server encrypts all information you input before it is sent. Once we receive your information, we protect it against unauthorized use. If you prefer, you may call us at 1-800-350-7166.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Prairie Harvest LLC. Our physical postal address is 350 Hillsview Drive, Spearfish, SD 57783. We can be reached by email by completing the form on the “Contact Us” page, or you can reach us by telephone at 1-800-350-7166. For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. We do not share your e-mail address with other companies. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers we do not partner with or have special relationships with any Ad Server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by calling us at the number provided above, e-mailing us at the above address, or writing us at the above address. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information (including proprietary information) that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by completing our “Contact Us” form, calling us at the above telephone number, or writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. Your privacy is very important to us.
Gift Boxes
Now available for you, friends and family!
The Burger Box
The Healthy Options Box
The Grilling Box
The Couples Box
Bachelor/Bachelorette
We are available to ship anywhere in the US, please call with any questions.
Colorado Lamb Rack
Buffalo Steaks
Prime Beef
Wagyu NY Strips
Click to Download the Product Guide
Site by DIGITAL DESIGNS
Customer Service
Shipping Info
Privacy Policy
Wholesale Brochure
Shopping Information
View Cart
All Products
Contact Us
350 Hillsview Dr.
Spearfish, South Dakota
1.800.350.7166