http://www.sea-lites.com/privacy-policy/
search
Home
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy:Sea-lites Inc. ("Sea-lites") operates Sea-lites.com and may operate other websites. It is Sea-lites's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Sea-lites collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Sea-lites's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Sea-lites's visitors use its website. From time to time, Sea-lites may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Sea-lites also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on Sea-lites.com blogs/sites. Sea-lites only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Sea-lites's websites choose to interact with Sea-lites in ways that require Sea-lites to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Sea-lites gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up
at Sea-lites.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Sea-lites are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Sea-lites collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Sea-lites. Sea-lites does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Sea-lites may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Sea-lites may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Sea-lites does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Sea-lites discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Sea-lites's behalf or to provide services available at Sea-lites's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Sea-lites's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Sea-lites will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Sea-lites discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Sea-lites believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Sea-lites, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Sea-lites website and have supplied your email address, Sea-lites may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Sea-lites and our products.
If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Sea-lites takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Sea-lites uses cookies to help Sea-lites identify and track visitors, their usage of Sea-lites website, and their website access preferences. Sea-lites visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Sea-lites's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Sea-lites's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Sea-lites, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Sea-lites goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Sea-lites may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Sea-lites and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Sea-lites may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Sea-lites's sole discretion. Sea-lites encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a Sea-lites.com account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Know more about Criminal justice attorney
Quick Recap About Vaughan Limo Rentals Association
Main Points Related to Roof Repair Company
Essential Aspects Of Lone Star Spine and Rehab
Why You Need Trustworthy Atlanta Estate Planning Attorney
Categories
Attorney
Automotive
Bail Bonds
Bankruptcy Attorney
Bed Bug
BUSINESS
Car Removal Service
Chiropractic Clinic
Cleaning Service
Computers and Technology
Dental
Dental Care
Dentistry
DUI Attorney
Fashion
Fire Damage Restoration
Furnace Repair
Health and Fitness
Health Care
Home Improvement
Home Insulation
HVAC Repair
law
Legal
Limo Service
Locksmith
Mobile Mechanic
Mortgage
Personal Injury Law
Pest Control Services
Physiotherapy
real estate
Roofing
seo
Uncategorized
Water Damage Service
Designed by
Elegant Themes | Powered by
Wordpress | Provided by Zazavy