https://www.musicity.com/privacy-policy.html
Categories
Big Band/Jazz Music Stands
Bell Covers/face Masks
Sheet Music Storage Boxes
Sheet Music Folders
Sheet Music Carry Case
Music Stands
Music Stand Lights
Instrument Stand/Hangers
Instrument Cases and Gig Bags
Instrument Carts/Cases with Wheels
Drums and Percussion
Band and Orchestra, Educational
Mobile Device Accessories
Sheet Music/Instruction
Pro Audio/Sound Management
Guitars, Ukuleles, Mandolins
Home
Shipping
Contact us
1-800-777-7871
We ship International - ask for quote
0 items
0 items in cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View cart
Checkout
OR
Sign in
Register
Search
Search
Sign in
Register
Home
Shipping
Contact us
1-800-777-7871
We ship International - ask for quote
Privacy statement and Terms and Conditions
Privacy statement and Terms and Conditions
To provide a better shopping experience, our website uses cookies. Click I Accept below to continue. Click to visit Privacy Statement
I Accept
PRIVACY STATEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
1. WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
The Innes Business Group, Inc. dba Musicity.com will be what’s known as the “Controller” of the personal data you provide to us.
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, it is necessary for us to collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address and telephone number.
When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system. Without this you can not visit ours or any other website.
Email marketing: With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates. We will use a 3rd party email distribution service (refer to #5 below, Third-Party Services) and your email will be shared with them, but ony for our use. Your email address is never shared with anyone except as necessary to fulfill your order.
2. CONSENT
When you provide us with personal information to create an account, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no. You provide your consent to us when you accept our terms and conditions before placing your order.
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, on your account page by using our contact us form or by contacting us at info@musicity.com .
3. DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
4. PAYMENTS
We use a third party payment processor(s) to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers.
5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
LINKS
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
6. SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
All the personal data we process is processed by our staff in the United States however for the purposes of IT hosting and maintenance this information is located on servers within the United States on a secure server behind a firewall. No 3rd parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows them to do so.
We have a Data Protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data.
COOKIES
Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.
xid - unique token, sessional.
recent_login - stores your username to auto-complete the sign-in form next time you visit the store. Persistent for 3 days by default (can be changed by store’s admin).
viewedResources - holds a list of cached CSS files, this is used to make store’s pages loading faster. Persistent for 1 hour.
rv - holds a list of products you recently viewed in the store. Does not expire.
xc_np_product_#### - holds product identifiers, used to navigate within store’s catalog. Persistent for 30 minutes
7. AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
8. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
9. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact us at info@musicity.com
About Musicity.com
800-777-7871/fax 352-383-6033
Contact - info@musicity.com
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions/Returns
Payment Methods
Sitemap
© 1998 - 2020 MusiCity.com. All rights reserved.
Powered by X-Cart