http://www.getoggz.com/terms-of-service/
Skip to content
The following terms and conditions govern all use of the Get Oggz.com website and all content, services, and products available at or through the website (taken together, the Website). The Website is owned and operated by Get Oggz Inc. (“Get Oggz”). The Website is offered subject to your acceptance without modification of all of the terms and conditions contained herein and all other operating rules, policies (including, without limitation, Get Oggz’s Privacy Policy) and procedures that may be published from time to time on this Site by Get Oggz (collectively, the “Agreement”).
Please review this Arrangement carefully prior to accessing or utilizing the Website. By accessing or making use of any part of the internet site, you consent to come to be bound by the conditions of this agreement. If you do not consent to all the terms of this agreement, then you might not access the Website or make use of any type of solutions. If these conditions are thought about a deal by Get Oggz, approval is specifically restricted to these terms. The Website is readily available only to people that go to the very least 13 years of ages.
Your Get Oggz.com Account and Site. If you create a blog/site on the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the security of your account and blog, and you are fully responsible for all activities that occur under the account and any other actions taken in connection with the blog. You must not describe or assign keywords to your blog in a misleading or unlawful manner, including in a manner intended to trade on the name or reputation of others, and Get Oggz may change or remove any description or keyword that it considers inappropriate or unlawful, or otherwise likely to cause Get Oggz liability.
Responsibility of Contributors. If you run a blog, discuss a blog site, message material to the Website, article links on the Website, or otherwise make (or enable any third party to make) product readily available by means of the Website (any type of such material, “Content”), You are totally responsible for the content of, and also any harm arising from, that Content. That is the case regardless of whether the Content concerned comprises text, graphics, audio data, or computer software program. By making Content available, you stand for and also require that:
the downloading, duplicating and use the Content will not infringe the proprietary rights, including however not restricted to the copyright, patent, trademark or profession trick rights, of any kind of 3rd party;
if your employer has rights to copyright you produce, you have either (i) received permission from your employer to post or offer the Content, including however not limited to any software application, or (ii) safeguarded from your company a waiver as to all rights in or to the Content; you have fully complied with any third-party licenses relating to the Content, and have done all things necessary to successfully pass through to end users any required terms;
the Content does not contain or install any viruses, worms, malware, Trojan horses or other harmful or destructive content;
the Content is not spam, is not machine- or randomly-generated, and does not contain unethical or unwanted commercial content designed to drive traffic to third party sites or boost the search engine rankings of third party sites, or to further unlawful acts (such as phishing) or mislead recipients as to the source of the material (such as spoofing);
the Content is not pornographic, does not contain threats or incite violence towards individuals or entities, and does not violate the privacy or publicity rights of any third party;
your blog is not getting advertised via unwanted electronic messages such as spam links on newsgroups, email lists, other blogs and websites, and similar unsolicited promotional methods;
your blog is not named in a manner that misleads your readers into thinking that you are another person or company. For example, your blog’s URL or name is not the name of a person other than yourself or company other than your own; and you have, in the case of Content that includes computer code, accurately categorized and/or described the type, nature, uses, and effects of the materials, whether requested to do so by Get Oggz or otherwise. By submitting Content to Get Oggz for inclusion on your Website, you grant Get Oggz a worldwide, royalty-free, and non-exclusive license to reproduce, modify, adapt and publish the Content solely for the purpose of displaying, distributing and promoting your blog. If you delete Content, Get Oggz will use reasonable efforts to remove it from the Website, but you acknowledge that caching or references to the Content may not be made immediately unavailable.
Without restricting any of those depictions or service warranties, Get Oggz has the right (though not the responsibility) to, in Get Oggz’s single discernment (i) refuse or eliminate any type of content that, in Get Oggz’s reasonable point of view, breaks any type of Get Oggz policy or remains in any type of means unsafe or undesirable, or (ii) end or refute accessibility to and use the Website to any individual or entity for any type of reason, in Get Oggz’s single discretion. Get Oggz will have no responsibility to provide a reimbursement of any amounts formerly paid.
Payment and Renewal.
General Terms.
By selecting a product or service, you agree to pay Get Oggz the one-time and/or monthly or annual subscription fees indicated (additional payment terms may be included in other communications). Subscription payments will be charged on a pre-pay basis on the day you sign up for an Upgrade and will cover the use of that service for a monthly or annual subscription period as indicated. Payments are not refundable.
Automatic Renewal.
Unless you alert Get Oggz prior to the end of the suitable registration period that you want to cancel a subscription, your membership will immediately renew and you authorize us to gather the then-applicable annual or month-to-month subscription cost for such membership (as well as any tax obligations) using any kind of credit card or others payment mechanism we carry record for you. Upgrades can be canceled any time by sending your request to Get Oggz in composing.
Services.
Fees; Payment. By signing up for a Services account you agree to pay Get Oggz the applicable setup fees and recurring fees. Applicable fees will be invoiced starting from the day your services are established and in advance of using such services. Get Oggz reserves the right to change the payment terms and fees upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to you. Services can be canceled by you at any time on thirty (30) days written a notice to Get Oggz.
Support. If your solution includes access to priority e-mail assistance. “Email assistance” suggests the capability to make ask for technological support help by e-mail any time (with affordable initiatives by Get Oggz to respond within one business day) concerning the use of the VIP Providers. “Top priority” means that support takes concern over assistance for customers of the typical or cost-free Get Oggz. com solutions. All assistance will be offered according to Get Oggz typical services techniques, procedures, and also policies.
Responsibility of Website Visitors. Get Oggz has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, posted to the Website, and cannot, therefore, be responsible for that material’s content, use or effects. By operating the Website, Get Oggz does not represent or imply that it endorses the material there posted, or that it believes such material to be accurate, useful or non-harmful. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
Content Posted on Other Websites. We have not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the material, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which Get Oggz.com links, and that link to Get Oggz.com. Get Oggz does not have any control over those non-Get Oggz websites and webpages, and is not responsible for their contents or their use. By linking to a non-Get Oggz website or webpage, Get Oggz does not represent or imply that it endorses such website or webpage. You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content. Get Oggz disclaims any responsibility for any harm resulting from your use of non-Get Oggz websites and webpages.
Copyright Infringement and DMCA Policy. Get Oggz asks others to appreciate its intellectual property rights, it appreciates the copyright legal rights of others. If you think that product situated on or connected to by Get Oggz. com breaks your copyright, you are motivated to inform Get Oggz in accordance with Get Oggz’s Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) Policy. Get Oggz will reply to all such alerts, consisting of as required or correct by eliminating the infringing product or disabling all web links to the infringing product. Get Oggz will finish a visitor’s accessibility to and also use the Website if, under ideal situations, the visitor is recognized to be a repeat infringer of the copyrights or other copyright legal civil liberties of Get Oggz or others. When it comes to such termination, Get Oggz will certainly have no commitment to supply a refund of any kind of quantities previously paid to Get Oggz.
Intellectual Property. This Agreement does not transfer from Get Oggz to you any Get Oggz or third party intellectual property, and all right, title and interest in and to such property will remain (as between the parties) solely with Get Oggz. Get Oggz, Get Oggz.com, the Get Oggz.com logo, and all other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with Get Oggz.com, or the Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Get Oggz or Get Oggz’s licensors. Other trademarks, service marks, graphics and logos used in connection with the Website may be the trademarks of other third parties. Your use of the Website grants you no right or license to reproduce or otherwise use any Get Oggz or third-party trademarks.
Advertisements. Get Oggz reserves the right to display advertisements on your blog unless you have purchased an ad-free account.
Attribution. Get Oggz reserves the right to display attribution links such as ‘Blog at Get Oggz.com,’ theme author, and font attribution in your blog footer or toolbar.
Partner Products. By activating a partner product (e.g. theme) from one of our partners, you agree to that partner’s terms of service. You can opt out of their terms of service at any time by de-activating the partner product.
Domain Names. If you are registering a domain name, using or transferring a previously registered domain name, you acknowledge and agree that use of the domain name is also subject to the policies of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (“ICANN”), including their Registration Rights and Responsibilities.
Changes. Get Oggz reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace any part of this Agreement. It is your responsibility to check this Agreement periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the Website following the posting of any changes to this Agreement constitutes acceptance of those changes. Get Oggz may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the Website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.
Termination. Get Oggz may terminate your access to all or any part of the Website at any time, with or without cause, with or without notice, effective immediately. If you wish to terminate this Agreement or your Get Oggz.com account (if you have one), you may simply discontinue using the Website.
Disclaimer of Warranties. The Website is provided “as is”. Get Oggz and its suppliers and licensors hereby disclaim all warranties of any kind, express or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Neither Get Oggz nor its suppliers and licensors makes any warranty that the Website will be error free or that access thereto will be continuous or uninterrupted. You understand that you download from, or otherwise obtain content or services through, the Website at your own discretion and risk.
Limitation of Liability. In no event will certainly Get Oggz, or its providers or licensors, be liable relative to any type of subject matter of this contract under any kind of contract, neglect, rigorous responsibility or other legal or equitable concept for (i) any type of unique, subordinate or substantial problems; (ii) the price of purchase for alternative products or services; (iii) for interruption of usage or loss or corruption of data; or (iv) for any kind of amounts that exceed the fees paid by you to Get Oggz under this agreement during the twelve (12) month duration prior to the root cause of activity. Get Oggz shall have no obligation for any kind of failing or hold-up because of matters past their affordable control. The foregoing will not apply to the extent banned by suitable law.
General Depiction and Guarantee. You represent as well as require that (i) your use of the Website will be in strict accordance with the Get Oggz Personal Privacy Plan, with this Agreement as well as with all suitable laws and also regulations (consisting of without restriction any type of neighborhood legislation or regulations in your nation, state, city, or other governmental area, pertaining to online conduct and also acceptable content, and including all relevant laws relating to the transmission of technological information exported from the USA or the country in which you live) as well as (ii) your use the Website will certainly not infringe or misuse the intellectual property legal rights of any type of 3rd party.
Indemnification. You agree to compensate and also hold harmless Get Oggz, its professionals, and its licensors, as well as their particular directors, police officers, workers and representatives from and also against any kind of as well as all claims and expenditures, consisting of attorneys’ charges, arising out of your use of the Website, including yet not limited to your offense of this Contract.
Miscellaneous. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between Get Oggz and you concerning the subject matter hereof, and they may only be modified by a written amendment signed by an authorized executive of Get Oggz, or by the posting by Get Oggz of a revised version. Except for claims for injunctive or equitable relief or claims regarding intellectual property rights (which may be brought in any competent court without the posting of a bond), any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be finally settled in accordance with the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules of the Judicial Arbitration and The arbitration shall take place in San Francisco, California, in the English language and the arbitral decision may be enforced in any court. The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce this Agreement shall be entitled to costs and attorneys’ fees. If any part of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that part will be construed to reflect the parties’ original intent, and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect. A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive such term or condition or any subsequent breach thereof. You may assign your rights under this Agreement to any party that consents to, and agrees to be bound by, its terms and conditions; Get Oggz may assign its rights under this Agreement without condition. This Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the parties, their successors and permitted assigns.
Search for:
Search
Recent Posts
Osteopatía para niños
Home Depot Discovery Air Purifier
Quick lessons about home air purifiers
Diamond Engagement Ring
Changing pads – Give your baby proper support
Categories
Travel
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
« Nov