https://www.aclubwear.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Home
Dresses
Long Dresses
Short Dresses
Asian Dresses
Show All Dresses
Swimwear
Bikini Sets
Swimsuits
Show All Swimwear
Kimono Clothing
Kimono Dresses
Unisex Kimonos
Show All Kimono Clothing
Costumes
Christmas Dresses
Children's Christmas Costumes
Children's Kimono Dresses
Children's Oriental Dresses
Show All Costumes
Skin Care
$
USD
Australian Dollar $
Pound Sterling £
Danish Krone KR
Euro €
New Zealand Dollar $
Norwegian Krone KR
Swedish Krona KR
Swiss Franc CHF
US Dollar $
Wish List (0)
My Account
Register
Login
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
$
USD
Australian Dollar $
Pound Sterling £
Danish Krone KR
Euro €
New Zealand Dollar $
Norwegian Krone KR
Swedish Krona KR
Swiss Franc CHF
US Dollar $
Terms & Conditions
Shopping Help
Question and Answers
Size Chart
Shipping & Tracking
Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Site Map
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
1 In General
Access to and use of this Web site and the products and search services available through this Web site (collectively, the "Services") are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the "Terms of Service"). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of these terms, conditions and notices, without modification. Furthermore, you acknowledge that the Terms of Service may be updated by us from time to time. This Web site also contains links to other Web sites, Web pages and services, which are not operated by this Web site (the "Linked Sites"). Your use of such Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of service contained within each such site and the respective terms of service will control the use of the respective site. In any event your link through to such a site will be subject to the these Terms of Service. You recognize that this Web site has no control over such Linked Sites and information, and you accept that this Web site provides no guarantees whatsoever as to the accuracy or reliability of such sites or the information contained in them and you agree that we shall have no responsibility as to whether such links locate unintended or objectionable content or otherwise cause you distress, loss or damage.
2 Privacy policy
Under this Web site privacy policy we may disclose to third parties certain information contained in our Users registration applications, but we will not disclose your name, address, email address or telephone number unless we have informed you, been authorized by you, or are required to do so by law, subject to the Data Protection Act 1998. Our privacy policy may be found at Privacy Policy.
3 Prohibitions and Limitations of Use
You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; send or receive any material which is in any way offensive or obscene, or in breach of confidence, copyright, privacy or any other rights; act contrary to the acceptable use policies of any Linked Sites or community standards generally; transmit or distribute a virus; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other Users; infringe upon the rights of any other persons trade marks or other proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or other promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam"; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through the this Web site Web site.
4 Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software made available and content supplied to you remains the property of this Web site, its licensees, advertisers or content suppliers. You will comply with the terms of any agreement required by the owner of intellectual property rights in all software and content supplied to you as notified to you and you hereby acknowledge that all software that is not made readily available to you is confidential, and that all other rights including but not limited to database rights and copyright are asserted and reserved by this Web site, its licensees, advertisers or content suppliers. You may store, manipulate, analyze, reformat, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. In no event are you permitted to publish, distribute or otherwise reproduce in any format any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on the this Web site site and you are prohibited from using any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise including, without limitation, any media business or enterprise. You shall not modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to the extent that applicable laws expressly or impliedly prohibit such restriction) or create derivative works based on any software or any documentation accompanying such software supplied by this Web site, its licensees, advertisers or content suppliers. this Web site™ and this Web site© are trade marks belonging to this Web site. No license or consent is granted to you to use these marks in any way, and this Web site reserves all rights in these and any related marks. You agree not to use these marks or any marks which are comparably similar without the written permission of this Web site.
5
Products and Services
By making a request/order you are offering to purchase a product which we will accept to sell to you on the following Terms and Conditions. All requests are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price by us. Dispatch times may vary according to availability and any guarantees warranties or representations made as to delivery times are limited as estimated delivery time and are on the basis that we are not responsible for any delay in delivery occurring due to postal delays or force majeure. this Web site are absolutely entitled to refuse any request made by you.
If your order is accepted we will inform you by e-mailing you or else by calling you. We will also provide the identity of the party you have contracted with. This may be this Web site or in certain cases a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party this Web site is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party. When making a request you undertake that all details you provide to us requesting goods or services or bids made at auction are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to make your request or bid and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods, services or bid. It is your responsibility to inform us of any changes to these details as soon as possible. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
6
Payment
All credit card transactions are done over ssl encrypted connections and we do not store your credit card number. Your Credit Card will be billed immediately after purchase.We recommend the cardholder to print out all transaction data, the rules, the cancellation regulations, and the payment methods in order to avoid misconceptions and discussions at a later time and keep them at an easily accessible place. All orders will be effected immediately.Fulfillment to the contract is, when the goods leave our facility.
7
Shipping
All packages are sent by registered global air mail, and upon shipment of your order a email with the tracking number is sent to your registered email address. The tracking number can be used to check up your packages shipping progress, you can find the tracking pages for your country Shipment Tracking Page.
8 Incorrect address / Refusal of delivery
The responsibility shall be of the customer to ensure that
this Web site has been informed of the correct address for communication and shipping, and
this Web site disclaims all liability in case of an incorrect address resulting in any loss or liability for the customer. Buyers refusing delivery of shipments are responsible for both initial and return shipping charges.
Total shipping charge liability on the part of the BUYER will be two-times (2X)
the original invoiced shipping charges.
We also reserve the right to charge restocking fees for refusal of delivery.
9 Returns / Exchanges
You have the possibility to cancel your order within 14 days of receipt. This does not apply to items that cannot be returned for hygiene reasons (Lingerie and Swim-Wear), and have been unsealed. Order cancellations must be made through our online return system, within 7 days of delivery of your item(s). Once you have canceled your order and gotten your return information and tracking number (RMA), the goods should be returned to the address a stated in your RMA information, in their original condition, within 14 days of receipt. The item is your responsibility until it reaches us.
All returns are subject to review by our returns department and pending their approval of the return according to the return policy the refunded amount is set.Product(s) returned without following the returns procedure and without a RMA number is subject to a 40% penalty fee. Returns Policy.
10 Disclaimer of warranties
The services and all information, products and other content included in or accessible from this web site and the linked sites, are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and are subject to change at any time without notice to you. to the fullest extent permitted by law, this Web site disclaims and excludes all representations and warranties (express, implied and statutory, including but without limitation the warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights) as to the services and all information, products and content included in and accessible from this web site or the linked sites.
11 Disclaimer of liability
Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law this Web site, its content providers, advertisers or linked sites shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this web site or the linked sites, even if this Web site had been advised of the possibility of such damages and irrespective of whether such damages arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. You have read this disclaimer and agree to it on the basis that you agree it is reasonable.
12 Disclaimer as to ownership of trade marks
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons, products, services and locations featuring on the this Web site web site are in no way connected, associated, linked or affiliated to this Web site. Furthermore, unless it is expressly stated on the this Web site web site that a certain product, service or location is connected, associated, linked or affiliated to the makers, right owners or broadcasters (the "makers") of a film or program you should not make such an assumption, or rely in any way on the existence of such a connection, association or affiliation, by implication or otherwise. Any trade marks/names as may be featured on the this Web site web site are owned by the respective trade mark owners and this Web site claims no connection, association or affiliation with them. Where a trade mark (brand name) is referred to it is used to describe or identify the products, services or locations (the "goods") or else it is used to identify the film or program where such goods appeared, but that is in no way an assertion or claim that such goods are endorsed by or connected, associated, linked or affiliated to the makers of the relevant film or programme.
13 Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless this Web site, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from, without limitation, your use of the this Web site services, your breach of the Terms of Service, your infringement of any intellectual property right or any other right of any person or entity, or your breach of any duty of confidence or privacy, or any defamatory statements made by you in any form.
14 Variation of content
this Web site shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary any of the content supplied in connection with the Service or which appears on any page of the this Web site Web site.
15 Submissions
All information and material submitted by you to this Web site or that you publish on any public area of the this Web site Web site shall be provided by the submitter and accepted by this Web site on a non-confidential basis subject to paragraph 2 above. Furthermore, this Web site shall be granted a perpetual royalty-free non-exclusive license in the copyright of any material submitted and this Web site shall be free to use, edit, copy, republish and distribute (for any purpose) and authorise others to do the same, any such information or material and any ideas contained in such information or material.
16 Payment disputes / Fraudulent chargebacks
this Web site has a zero tolerance policy for fraudulent chargebacks. Any customer who disputes a valid and authorized credit card purchase is subject to fees and service charges at our discretion. A handling charge of USD 35.00 per chargeback will be assessed to the reference purchase.
Further, if a cardholder charges back any payments made on cardholders credit card, and the chargebacks are unsubstantiated by demonstration of proof of product delivery without refusal on the part of cardholder, then cardholder will pay an additional USD 150.00 fee per unsubstantiated charge back.
We will also report all unjustified chargebacks, including the name, complete contact information, and email address of the offending cardholder, to all the major anti-chargback fraud charge services, thereby banning the offending cardholder from placing future orders with any business that use any of the major anti-fraud verification services. Cardholders initiating a chargeback threat, for any unsubstantiated reason, will also be reported.
The aforementioned reporting policy for fraudulent chargebacks, or chargeback threat for fraudulent intent, becomes an exception to our published privacy policy. If you chargeback a credit card payment for a valid product delivery, you agree that we may recover the amount of the chargeback, as well as the above chargeback fees by any means deemed necessary, including but not limited to re-charging your credit card for the chargeback.
17 Termination
this Web site may at any time terminate or suspend any part of the Service without notice to you.
18 Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
19 Governing law
These terms and conditions shall be construed in accordance with the law and the courts of this Web site election OR the jurisdiction in which you are resident or domiciled (at this Web site election) shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between you and this Web site, without regard to any choice of law provisions or private international law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue as elected by this Web site for any and all disputes relating to the Terms of Service, use of this Web site or any Linked site.
19 Entire agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and this Web site. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of this Web site.
20 Language translations of this document
This document is only valid in its original English form, and all other language translations are provided only as a service courtesy.