https://www.americanchairs.com/securitypolicy.html
Trustpilot
Search
Home   ::  About Us   ::   Customer Service   ::   Contact   ::   Customer Images   ::   View Cart/Checkout
»Bar Stools
»Counter Stools
»Diner Chairs
»Diner Tables
»Diner Booths
»Club Chairs
»Wood Bar Stools
»Restaurant Bar Stools
»Wood Chairs
»In Stock Specials
»Outdoor Furniture
»Coca-Cola Collection
»NFL Bar Stools & Tables
»NHL Bar Stools & Tables
»NCAA Bar Stools & Tables
»Sports Bar Stools & Tables
»Replacement Parts
»Businesses/Commercial
»Custom Logo Seating
»Seating Color Guide
»Table Laminate Guide
»Seating Options Guide
American Chairs, Inc. Security PolicyYour right to security is of the utmost importance to American Chairs, Inc.. Our shopping application is safe and secure, protecting both your personal information and all credit card transactions.
We will never sell, divulge, disseminate or give away any information submitted to this site to outside parties for any reason as outlined above in our Privacy Policy.
This is our personal promise to you, our loyal customers!American Chairs, Inc. guards your security and privacy through the measures outlined below:Secure Transactions - How you can tell it is secure.
All purchase transactions take place on a secure server. Don't just take our word for it -
it's simple to determine whether you are on a secure site using security-enabled Web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer 2.1 or greater and Netscape Navigator version 2.0 or greater. (Click Here if your browser gives you security warnings.)For example, on a secure page you will notice the following indicators:Using Netscape:
Your Location Bar should show a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that uses an https: address, as opposed to an http: address.
The security lock icon (in 3.0 versions it's a key and in 4.0+ versions it's a padlock in the lower left corner) should be a complete key or a lock in the locked position.
Using Internet Explorer:
Your Location Bar should show a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that uses an https: address, as opposed to an http: address.
A security lock icon is displayed on the status bar at the bottom of your screen.
Using FireFox:
Your Location Bar should show a Uniform Resource Locator (URL) that uses an https: address, as opposed to an http: address and it will be yellow in color with a lock symbol.
A security lock icon is displayed on the status bar at the bottom of your screen.
In addition, our order system utilizes industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology that encrypts any information that is transferred across the Internet from your computer to our servers and databases. The information that is encrypted includes:
Your name
Address, phone number and e-mail address
Personal information
Your credit card number
Netscape Navigator Version 2 and 3 Users
American Chairs, Inc.'s Secure Server uses a certificate issued by RSA Data Security, Inc. This identifies American Chairs, Inc.'s order system as a valid, secure Internet site. Versions 2 and 3 of Netscape may not recognize some of the current security certificates online.
This in no way means the transaction or server is not secure.
You can download the current browser versions as outlined below.
Download the latest copy of Netscape from http://www.netscape.com. (Recommended, as it provides the most up to date and feature rich browser from Netscape. This load takes between 1 and 2 hours depending on your connection speed.)
If you would like further information on your Web browser's security features go to:For Netscape:
http://home.netscape.com/products/security/index.htmlFor Internet Explorer:
Click on "Using Security Features" in Explorer's help index.For Firefox:
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox
If you have any difficulties or questions about Internet security please do not hesitate to contact us.
<— Return To Previous Page
About Us :: Customer Service :: Contact :: Areas We Serve :: Site Map :: View CartMain Page ::
Reference Guides :: Press Release :: Customer Images :: American Chairs Reviews
Are you looking for:
Retro Furniture
Retro Tables
Retro Chairs
Retro Bar Stools
Retro Booths
Kitchen Furniture
Kitchen Tables
Kitchen Chairs
Kitchen Counter Stools
Kitchen Booths
Diner Furniture
Diner Bar Stool
Diner Chairs
Diner Tables
Diner Booths
Restaurant Furniture
Restaurant Tables
Restaurant Chairs
Restaurant Bar Stools
Restaurant Booths
NFL Bar Stools
Lounge Bar Stools
Bar Stools
Counter Stools
Chicago, IL USA
Phone: 888.831.7629 (Toll Free)
All Major Credit Cards & PayPal Accepted
© American Chairs, Inc.
- All world rights reserved
Unauthorized duplication is unlawful.
Privacy Policy  ||  Security Policy
Quality 1940's and 1950's Retro Diner Chairs and Kitchen Chairs and Bar Stools,Club Chairs, Wood Chairs and Wood Bar Stools, Custom Logo Seating, NFL Logo Bar Stools and Coca-Cola Diner Furniture.