http://www.jubileebooks.co.uk/page/privacy_policy
Skip to page content
Skip to page navigation
Skip to search
Skip to menu navigation
Home
News & Events
Calendar
About Us
Contact Us
Services
Book Consultancy
Book Fairs
Book Boxes
Books2U
School & Author Visits
Wonder Wall
Newsletter
Search:
› Advanced Search
New Website Coming Soon!
Services
Buying with Us
Book Consultancy
Book Fairs
Book Boxes
Books2U
School and Author Visits
Wonder Wall Residencies
Browse
New Releases
Bestselling series
Favourites
Prize Winners
Special Offers!
Top 5 Tips!
Author Focus
Authors
Illustrators
Poets
Booktrust 100 best books
BIG Books!
Board Books
Book Bands Collections: Fiction/Non-Fiction
Pink Fiction
Pink Non-fiction
Red Fiction
Red Non-fiction
Yellow Fiction
Yellow Non-fiction
Blue Fiction
Blue Non-fiction
Green Fiction
Green Non-fiction
Orange Fiction
Orange Non-fiction
BookCorner Collections
Foundation
Key Stage 1
Key Stage 2
CLPE Core Collections
Foundation Stage
Key Stage 1
Key Stage 2
Dictionaries
Dictionaries
Thesauruses
Encyclopedias
Dual Language
Early Years Foundation Stage
Graphic Novels
Great Books to read before you leave Primary School
Year 3 and 4
Year 5 and 6
Infant Topic Books
Key Stage 1 Subject Collections
KS1: DT
KS1: Geography
KS1: History
KS1: Maths
KS1: Science 'General'
KS1: Science 'Living Things'
KS1: PSHE
KS1: Religion
Key Stage 2 Subject Collections
KS2: ART
KS2: DT
KS2: Geography
KS2: History
KS2: Science 'General'
KS2: Science 'Living Things'
KS2: PSHE
KS2: Religion
KS2: Sport
Key Stage 2 Guided Reading
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Key Stage 2 Poetry Collection
Multicultural Books
Foundation Stage
Information Text
Key Stage 1
Key Stage 2
Key Stage 2 Poetry
Pie Corbett's Reading Spine
Reception
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Philosophical Enquiry Across The Curriculum
Introduction to P4C
English And PSHE
The Humanities
Art
Music
RE
Maths
Cross-curricular
Primary Fictions
Foundation Stage (Nursery and Reception)
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
SEAL Themes
Series Fiction
Stories from a Range of Cultures
Theme Banded Books
Years 1 - 6 Topic Collections
Year 1
Year 2
Year 3
Year 4
Year 5
Year 6
Our Privacy Policy
Jubileebooks.co.uk Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This policy explains how we use the information we collect about you and the procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy whilst you use our website.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998).
The information we collect and how we use it
When you register with Jubileebooks.co.uk Ltd and/or place an order, we need to know your name, delivery address, credit or debit card number and expiry date, email address and telephone number. This information allows us to fulfil your order and notify you of the status of your order. All orders are fulfilled using a third party service provider and we will therefore pass on your details to that service provider so that they can deliver your goods to you. That third party service provider has undertaken to us that they will protect that information, will not pass it on, not use it for any other purpose than to deliver your ordered goods to you.
We may also ask you to give us optional contact information, for example your mobile number and demographic information like your age.
If you subscribe to our mailing lists for pre-orders and other information, you will be asked to specify the areas in which you are interested so that we can tailor the information which we send to you to suit your interests.
We may also use your information for the purpose of providing you with information about any special offers, author signings and other events or features of our website which we think may be of interest to you and for related marketing purposes.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and your details on our database.
We monitor customer traffic on an aggregate basis in order to help us develop and improve our website for the benefit of our customers. In order to enhance your use of the website you will be given a session ID which will only last for the duration of that visit to the site thus changing each time you visit the site.
Opt in/Opt out
If at any time you wish to receive information about any other product areas which you currently do not receive, you can sign up to our email newsletters by clicking the link that appears on most pages. If you wish to stop receiving some or all of the information that we currently send, you may amend or remove your preferences by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your emails and following the instructions provided. If you have any queries about how to use the mailing preference system, please email us.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your visits to our website. A cookie is a small file that can be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We may use these to do a number of things including delivering content specific to your interests and to save your password so that you don't have to re-enter it every time you visit our site.
For further details please see our cookie policy.
Security of your information
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us. This is to prevent unauthorised access or unlawful processing of your personal information. We keep your information confidential and store it on a secure server which is password protected and hidden behind a firewall from the outside world. We use secure socket layer software (SSL) to encrypt all of your personal information including your credit card number and your name and address. Our internal procedures cover the storage, access and disclosure of your information.
The SSL Certificate is provided by Globalsign. When you see a Globalsign logo, clicking on it will verify that this website is secure.
Non-disclosure to third parties
Unless we have your express consent, we will only disclose your personal data to third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your transaction with us. This is subject to the proviso that we may disclose or transfer your data to a partner company where you have supplied information via a site which is co-branded with that partner company or to members of our own group. If personally identifying data about you may be shared with a partner company, we will tell you before we collect or transfer the data so that you may opt out of this transfer if you wish.
We use your information only as set out in this Policy and will not sell, rent or pass your information on to others for marketing purposes without your express consent.
We may however provide aggregate statistics about its customers, sales traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third-party vendors and relevant affiliate partners, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. We may also release account information where we believe in good faith that this release is reasonably necessary to comply with the law.
We may also, from time to time, send inserts advertising the goods or services of unrelated third party companies with your sent order. We do not pass on your personal data to these third party companies.
Your consent
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page and also email you in order to give you a chance to ask us not to use your information in that way. Because the Internet infrastructure is global, and it is not possible to predict the routes that information sent over the Internet will take, the information you provide may be transferred temporarily via a route which takes it outside the European Economic Area as it passes between you and us. By submitting your information you consent to this transfer.
School & Author Events
The best children's authors, poets, illustrators, storytellers and performers are just a phone-call away from your next book event.
Find out more ›
Newsletter Sign Up
Subscribe to our e-newsletter for the latest book news, events and special offers from Jubilee Books.
Sign up here ›
Contact Us
Head Office and Showroom, Unit 13, 1-17 Mulberry Place,Pinnell Road, Eltham, London SE9 6AR
m: 07760 760 182
enquiries@jubileebooks.co.uk
Full contact details ›
Eddie Burnett Children's Book Consultant and Literacy Events Coordinator, trading As Jubileebooks.co.uk Ltd.
eddie.burnett@jubileebooks.co.uk
Company registration number: 7193740
© Copyright Jubileebooks.co.uk Ltd 2000-2020
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookie Policy
Refunds & Returns Policies
Help
Website by BDSDigital