http://www.aloemistique.com/terms_privacy.asp
Confidence
Privacy Policy
Aloe Mistique ("Aloe Mistique") is concerned about the privacy of our customers and the confidentiality of their information shared with us. The intent of this privacy statement is to disclose the privacy practices of Aloe Mistique' web site (the "Site").
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Aloe Mistique. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
To Whom Does Aloe Mistique disclose information?
Information collected by Aloe Mistique is used solely for the purposes of fulfilling orders, compiling usage statistics regarding the Site, responding to inquiries regarding orders, and analyzing visitor preferences regarding our products. Aloe Mistique does not share any of the information collected on the Site with any outside parties; provided, however, that Aloe Mistique does use the services of VeriSign, Inc. solely to assist Aloe Mistique in securely processing your credit card orders. You can view VeriSign's privacy policy at www.verisign.com. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Aloe Mistique will divulge personal information to law enforcement agencies or other governmental agencies when required to do so or when we in good faith believe it is necessary in order to comply with legal obligations. We will, however, ask all governmental officials to provide us with acceptable reasons that we believe, in our sole discretion, support disclosure of personal information. In addition, in the event that Aloe Mistique or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. Aloe Mistique is the sole owner of any and all information collected through the use of the Site.
What are the privacy policies of linked sites and other third parties?
This policy statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Although you may link to other sites or third parties via the Site, Aloe Mistique is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or the content of linked sites.
What security measures does the site employ?
When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as credit card numbers, we redirect visitors to a secure server. You will be able to recognize that you are in our secure server by observing the "closed lock" icon on your Internet browser or by verifying that the "http" portion of your Web address has changed to "https." In addition, the Site has security measures in place that are intended to protect against the loss of information that the site collects. However, you should keep in mind that this Site is run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security.
How may this privacy statement be amended?
From time to time, we may make changes to our information practices or alter the functionality of the Site. We will update this statement accordingly, so we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us by email at info@aloemistique.com.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Welcome to the Aloe Mistique web site. This terms and conditions page describes the terms upon which you may access and use our web site. By visiting our web site, you affirm that you have read and accept all of the following terms and conditions, which may be updated by us from time to time without notice.
1. All rights reserved. The Aloe Mistique and Aloe Mistique [and design] designations are registered trademarks of Aloe Mistique, Inc.
2. Limitations. While we make every effort to present accurate and reliable information on our site, we do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, efficacy, timeliness, or correct sequencing of such information. In addition, we have no duty to update the information contained on our site, and we are not liable to you for out-dated or incorrect information contained herein. Moreover, we reserve the right at any time to modify, suspend or discontinue the site (or any part thereof) with or without notice, and we are not liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension or interruption in services. THIS SITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND NO GUARANTEES OR WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR USE OR PURPOSE, PERFORMANCE, INFORMATIONAL CONTENT, ACCURACY, OR SYSTEM INTEGRATION, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS SITE, INCLUDING THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL Aloe Mistique BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE THIS WEB SITE, EVEN IF Aloe Mistique HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
3. Links to Other Web Sites. Solely as a courtesy to you, we provide links to other web sites at certain places on our site; we do not endorse, approve, certify or control any of those web sites. Because we do not have any control over such sites, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for the content of the sites or the availability, accuracy, completeness, efficacy, or timeliness of information contained on those sites. Use of those sites or any information obtained from those sites is voluntary, and reliance on it should only be undertaken after an independent review of its accuracy, completeness, efficacy and timeliness.
4. Governing Law. Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Pennsylvania, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Pennsylvania, USA.
5. No Effect on Agreements. This site shall be used for informational purposes only, and nothing on our site shall be construed to add or modify terms to any existing or future agreements with Aloe Mistique.
6. Privacy/Security. Like most major web sites, our web site may collect information about users and the manner in which users utilize and navigate our site. This information helps us to design our site better to suit your needs. For example, we may use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We may also use "cookies" on certain pages of our site. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to a user's hard drive for record-keeping purposes while visiting a site. Cookies make using the Internet easier by, among other things, saving passwords and preferences for you. We may also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and for other purposes.
This site may have standard security measures in place that are intended to protect against the loss of information that we collect. However, you should keep in mind that this site is run on software, hardware and networks, any component of which may, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security. Although we provide links to other sites or third parties via our site, we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of third parties or the content of linked sites.
7. Notices. In our discretion, we may provide notices of changes to these terms and conditions or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on our site.
© Copyright 2014 Aloe Mistique.
Built with Volusion