http://www.lampsplus.com/help-and-policies/shipping-and-delivery/
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Free Shipping on Most Orders*
Stores
Locate a Store
Find
View All Stores
Inspiration
Room Inspiration
Ideas & Advice
Lighting Catalog
Sign In
Contact Us
800-782-1967
|
Open Box
|Search with photoUpload
Saved
Wish List
()
Saved Rooms
()
Cart
Need Help? 800-782-1967
Chandeliers
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
Modern Chandeliers
Crystal Chandeliers
Kitchen Island Lights
Farmhouse Chandeliers
Mini Chandeliers
Dining - Living Room
Entryway
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendants
Mini Pendants
Kitchen Pendants
Pendant Chandeliers
Design Your Own Pendant Light
Light Bulbs >
All Light Bulbs
More To Consider
Chandelier Shades
Lighting Fixtures
Pool Table Lights
Ceiling Medallions
Dimmers & Controls
Lighting Collections
Ceiling Lights
Close to Ceiling Lights >
All Close to Ceiling Lights
Flushmount
Semi-Flushmount
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendant Lights
Mini-Pendants
Swag Lights
Kitchen Pendants
Track Lighting >
All Track Lighting
Complete Track Kits
Monorail Systems
Recessed Lighting >
All Recessed Lighting
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
More To Consider
Kitchen Lighting
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Lighting Collections
Table & Floor Lamps
Table Lamps >
All Table Lamps
Table Lamp Sets
Tiffany Style Table Lamps
Art Shade Table Lamps
Desk Lamps >
All Desk Lamps
Task Lighting
LED Desk Lamps
Swing Arm
Floor Lamps >
All Floor Lamps
Task Floor Lamps
Torchieres
Arc Lamps
Swing Arm Floor Lamps
Floor Lamps with Tables
Art Shade Floor Lamps
Lamp Shades >
All Lamp Shades
Art Shades
Up Lights - Clip Lights >
All Up - Clip Lights
More To Consider
Color Plus Lighting
Custom Photo Lighting
Novelty Lamps
Lighting Accessories
Dimmer Switches
Light Bulbs
Wall Lights
Bathroom Vanity Lighting >
All Bathroom Vanity Lights
Under Cabinet Lights >
All Under Cabinet Lights
Picture Lights >
All Picture Lights
Sconces >
All Sconces
Wall Lamps >
All Wall Lamps
Swing Arm Lamps
Art Shade Wall Lamps
More To Consider
Wall Mirrors
Bathroom Vanities
Night Lights
Lighting Accessories
Glass Shades
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Outdoor Lights
Outdoor Lighting >
All Outdoor Lights
Wall Lights
Post Lights
LED Outdoor Lighting
Hanging Lights
Ceiling Lights
Party & String Lights
Landscape Lighting >
All Landscape Lighting
LED Landscape Lights
Path Lighting
Solar Landscape Lights
Landscape Lighting Kits
Outdoor Security Lighting >
All Security Lights
Motion Sensor Lights
More For Outdoor
Outdoor Fountains
Outdoor Furniture
Barbeque Lights
Fire Pits
Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans >
All Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans with Lights
Ceiling Fans without Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Hugger - Flush Mount
Large Ceiling Fans
More To Consider
Fan Light Kits
Glass Shades for Fans
Bathroom Exhaust Fans
Desk and Floor Fans
Furniture
Seating >
All Seating
Barstools
Sofas
Sectionals
Accent Chairs
Dining Chairs
Office Chairs
Recliners
Ottomans
Tables >
All Tables
Accent Tables
Sofa - Console Tables
Dining Tables
Coffee Tables
Desks
Beds >
All Beds
Headboards
Cabinets & Chests
>
All Cabinets & Chests
Chests
Bathroom Vanities
Entertainment Centers
Mirrored Furniture
Outdoor Furniture >
Outdoor Furniture Sets
Outdoor Seating
Outdoor Tables
Outdoor Benches
Fire Pits & Fire Tables
Furniture By Room
Living - Family Room
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room
Kitchen
Bathroom
Home Office
Mirrors & Décor
Mirrors >
Wall Mirrors
Vanity Mirrors
Wall Art - Wall Décor >
Prints
Canvas and Giclee Prints
Metal Wall Art
Sculptures >
Indoor Sculptures
Outdoor Sculptures
Home Accessories >
Clocks
Candleholders
Vases
Floral
Frames
Fountains >
Indoor Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Pillows & Textiles >
Decorative Pillows
Decorative Throws
Area Rugs >
All Area Rugs
Fire Pits >
All Fire Pits
More Décor
Bed and Bath
Outdoor Décor
Dining & Entertaining
Sale
Sale
Daily Sales
Clearance
Open Box
Image Search
Search for an item using a photo!
Start
Try Again
Lamps Plus
/
Help, Policies & FAQ
/
Shipping and Delivery
Shipping and Delivery
Shipping and Delivery Policies and Services
1. Basic Delivery Information
2. Out of Stock Items
3. Shipping and Processing Charges
4. Freight Curbside Delivery
5. Overnight or 2nd, 3rd Day Express Delivery
6. Post Office boxes
7. Delivery to APO and FPO Addresses
8. Canadian Orders
9. International Orders
10. Howard Miller Delivery Service for Furniture and Grandfather Clocks
11. Gold White Glove Delivery Policy
12. Silver White Glove Delivery Policy
13. Blanket Wrap White Glove Delivery Policy
14. Threshold Delivery Policy
15. Tax
16. Cancellations and Changes
17. Damaged Merchandise
18. Tracking Your Order
19. Not Getting Your Items?
Basic Delivery Information
We understand that getting your items quickly is important to you, so we make every effort to process your order quickly. We also know that you want to save money, so you'll find free standard shipping on many of our top brand lighting and home furnishing designs.
Estimated shipping and delivery times will vary based on your location. After payment is approved and the shipment leaves our warehouse, your shipping confirmation email will contain a shipping tracking number you can use to monitor your order until it arrives at your door. We process orders 7 days a week. Please note that it may take up to 24 hours from the time an item is shipped to the time information is available for viewing on the carrier's website. For orders shipping from our facility on a Sunday, note that they will not be posted to our carrier tracking system until the next day.
Deliveries in the US and Canada can take up to 7 business days, depending on the shipping location. Our free shipping offer applies only to certain items, and only on shipments made to the 48 contiguous states. We do not ship on major holidays, including Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's Day.
We also offer a store pick-up option for online orders. You'll see this option available on either the product page or the cart checkout page.
back to top | main help
Out of Stock Items
While we make every effort to keep all listed merchandise in stock, occasionally we are sold out of a certain item. If we are out of stock on an item you have ordered, we will send you an email update as quickly as possible. It will then be your choice to proceed and keep the order in place or cancel it. Items are not charged to your credit card until they are shipped.
back to top | main help
Shipping and Processing Charges - Standard Shipping
Standard shipping in the United States is done via all major ground carriers, including FedEx, UPS, United States Postal Service (USPS), and FedEx SmartPost (which uses USPS for final delivery to the package destination). For orders shipping to Canada, only standard shipping is available at this time. Once your order ships, transit time is 3 to 7 business days within the 48 contiguous United States, based on shipping location. Deliveries to Canada can take up to 7 business days, depending on the shipping location and customs clearance.
Shipping and processing charges for all items delivered in the US and abroad are based on the item size, weight, delivery destination, and other factors. We do our best to provide you with accurate shipping and delivery times for all our designs, but please note that these times are estimates only. Shipping and delivery estimates are not a guarantee. We're sorry, but at this time we are unable to ship to PO Box addresses.
back to top | main help
Freight Curbside Delivery
Some heavy and/or oversized items will be shipped by Freight Curbside Delivery using air-ride trucks to guarantee the least possible breakage. This is a dependable and economical service with deliveries being made Monday thru Friday during business hours. Deliveries are scheduled in a 4-hour time window and a freight company representative will contact you by phone to arrange a delivery appointment. Delivery lead time is 3-5 days from the shipment date.
Freight Curbside Delivery covers delivery to your curbside only. Please note that extra charges may apply to remote areas and for complicated deliveries. We're sorry, but at this time we are unable to ship to PO Box address. Freight Curbside Delivery is only available on orders shipped in the 48 continental United States.
back to top | main help
Overnight or 2nd, 3rd Day Express Delivery
Overnight, 2nd and 3rd Day Express Delivery is currently only available for an additional charge on select orders shipped in the US.
If an item can be shipped by one of these methods, you will see the options listed in your shopping cart. You can also check availability by contacting us at 800-782-1967. If you're a member of our Professionals program, please call 800-304-8120. Please call 888-235-7657 for any questions related to orders shipping to Canada.
Next Day (Overnight) Shipping orders to be delivered in the US that are received by 2 PM Pacific Time will ship that same day Monday through Friday for delivery the next business day. Orders received after 2 pm Pacific Time or on a weekend will be processed first thing the next business day.
2nd Day Shipping orders to be delivered in the US that are received by 2 PM Pacific Time will ship that same day Monday through Friday for delivery 2 business days later. Orders received after 2 pm Pacific Time or on a weekend will be processed first thing the next business day.
3rd Day Shipping orders to be delivered in the US that are received by 2 PM Pacific Time will ship that same day Monday through Friday for delivery 3 business days later. Orders received after 2 pm Pacific Time or on a weekend will be processed first thing the next business day.
We do our best to provide you with accurate shipping and delivery times on all our products. Please note that these times are estimates only. Shipping and delivery estimates are not a guarantee.
back to top | main help
Post Office Boxes
We're sorry, but at this time we are unable to ship to any PO Box address.
back to top | main help
Delivery to APO and FPO Addresses
We are happy to make APO and FPO deliveries for you.
When ordering online, you will see a message that indicates that your delivery destination lies outside our normal shipping zones. Once you have submitted your order, we will contact you with a shipping quote for you to approve.
Please note, when ordering by credit card your card you will not be charged for your items until you approve the shipping costs. All APO and FPO deliveries must be sent by USPS.
back to top | main help
Canadian Orders
Orders shipped to Canada include duties and customs charges. All prices are listed in USD.
Select merchandise is not available for shipment to Canada, including but not limited to, oversized items, ceiling fans, some custom made designs and certain light bulbs.
All items are shipped via UPS, and only standard shipping is available at this time. Express delivery is currently unavailable. Deliveries can take up to 7 business days, depending on the shipping location and customs clearance. Customs and duties charges are waived on returns and replacement orders. Click here for complete return details.
back to top | main help
International Orders except Canada
For information regarding orders shipped to Canada, view our Canadian Orders policy.
We require a $200 US funds minimum order on all international orders except to Canada. International orders must be paid by wire transfer with the exception of Hawaii, Alaska, Puerto Rico, Canada, US Virgin Islands, American Samoa, FPO and APO addresses.
Please note that all sales on all international orders except to Canada are final.
*The following information applies to all international orders except orders shipped to Canada:
To place an international shipping order, place your order online as normal. In the process of placing your order, you will see a screen message telling you that your postal code is not in our regular shipping zones. After you place your order, you will be contacted by email with a shipping quote for you to approve.
After you place your order and approve any related shipping quote charges, you will be contacted by Customer Service via email with the details on how to arrange payment to our bank. Please note that we are not responsible for any wire transfer fees or related charges.
To contact us directly for a quote, please call 800-782-1967. If you are a member of our Professionals program, please call 800-304-8120.
Shipping charges for deliveries outside of the continental US will be quoted via email within 2 business days of your order or request. Please note that our free shipping offers apply only to certain items and shipments made to the 48 continental United States and Canada.
Shipping quotes (except orders delivered to Canada) do not include customs charges, duties, dock fees, brokerage fees or any other internationally related charges.
Please note that electrical products and bulbs sold through LampsPlus.com and Lamps Plus retail stores are designed for use on the North American 110-volt system only. Items with cords and plugs use Type A or Type B North American plugs.
back to top | main help
Howard Miller Delivery Service for Furniture and Grandfather Clocks
A special delivery service is included in the delivery charge for all Howard Miller furniture and grandfather clocks. Because of their size and complexity, delivery of these items is handled in a special manner.
White glove delivery is included in the delivery charge for all Howard Miller furniture and grandfather clocks. White Glove entails delivery by two delivery people who will take the clock up a maximum of two flights of stairs, position the furniture or clock as desired and remove all packing materials.
Please note that Howard Miller furniture and grandfather clocks are available for delivery to Continental US addresses only at this time.
See a complete description of this service on our Howard Miller Delivery Service page.
back to top | main help
Gold White Glove Delivery Policy
Gold White Glove Service delivery is a special service for the home delivery of our oversized furniture, special order furniture, and other related products. This service includes inside placement of a design, unpacking, and the removal of any packing material. Delivery lead time is 3-5 business days from the shipment date. A local delivery agent will call you directly to schedule an appointment that is convenient for you. Delivery times are typically scheduled around a 4-hour window.
The service does not include the moving or removal of any existing furniture. Please make sure that your area is cleared before delivery personnel arrive. Delivery does not include the set-up or re-installation of any electrical equipment or home electronics, or any component, electrical, or plumbing hookup.
Gold White Glove Delivery service is available only for the lower 48 continental United States, with the exception of New York State. Please note that there may be some extra charges if the driver is unable to access your neighborhood with a standard delivery vehicle.
We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
Read our complete Gold White Glove Delivery policy here.
back to top | main help
Silver White Glove Delivery Policy
Silver White Glove Delivery is a special service for the home delivery of furniture and other designs. This service includes delivery into your home or office building and room of choice. Delivery lead time is 3-5 business days from the shipment date.
A local delivery agent will call you directly to schedule an appointment that is convenient for you. Delivery times are typically scheduled around a 4-hour window.
The service does not include unpacking or the removal of packing material, or the moving or removal of any existing furniture. Please make sure that your area is cleared before delivery personnel arrive. Delivery does not include the set-up or re-installation of any electrical equipment or home electronics, or any component, electrical, or plumbing hookup.
Silver White Glove Delivery service is available only for the lower 48 contiguous United States, with the exception of New York State. Please note that there may be some extra charges if the driver is unable to access your neighborhood with a standard delivery vehicle.
We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
Read more about our Silver White Glove Delivery policy here.
back to top | main help
White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery Policy
White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery is a special service required for the home delivery of certain made-to-order, fully assembled furniture that is unboxed. Items shipped via White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery are carefully wrapped in packing blankets and hand-delivered by white glove professionals. Service also includes placement of the item(s) inside your home or office, and the unwrapping and removal of any packing material. Delivery time is 2 to 4 weeks from the shipment date, but may be more in the holiday season. A local delivery agent will call you directly to schedule an appointment that is convenient for you. Delivery times are typically scheduled around a 4-hour window.
The service does not include the moving or removal of any existing furniture. Please make sure that your area is cleared before delivery personnel arrive. Delivery does not include the set-up or re-installation of any electrical equipment or home electronics, or any component, electrical, or plumbing hookup.
White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery service is available only for the lower 48 continental United States, with the exception of New York State. Please note that there may be additional charges if the delivery has to go up or down more than one level in the home, requires the use of an elevator, or if the driver is unable to access your neighborhood with a standard delivery vehicle.
We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
Read more about our White Glove Blanket Wrap Delivery policy here.
back to top | main help
Threshold Delivery Policy
Some furniture and oversized items will ship by Threshold Delivery. Most delivered items will be brought into the entry or foyer of your home. Some items, because of size or weight, may only be able to be delivered to the garage, porch, or the first dry area of your home. For Threshold Delivery, the lead time is 3 to 5 business days from the shipment date.
A local delivery agent will call you directly to schedule an appointment. Delivery times are scheduled around a 4-hour window between the hours of 8:00 am and 5:00 pm.
The service does not include the moving or removal of any existing furniture. Please make sure that your area is cleared before delivery personnel arrive. Delivery does not include the set-up or re-installation of any electrical equipment or home electronics, or any component, electrical, or plumbing hookup. Always pre-measure the space where your item is to be placed to make sure it will fit. Also, pre-measure entryways, doors, stairways and walkways to ensure that items can be fit into your home. If you have any questions, please call us; a sales representative will be happy to assist you in your buying process.
Threshold Delivery service is available only for the 48 contiguous United States, with the exception of New York State. Please note that there may be some extra charges if the driver is unable to access your neighborhood with a standard delivery vehicle.
We're sorry, but this service is not available for Alaska, Hawaii, New York, Canada, or for other international orders.
In some cases you may be able to upgrade this service to Silver or Gold White Glove service; this information will be displayed in your shopping cart or you can call us for details. Read more about our Threshold Delivery policy here.
back to top | main help
Sales Tax and Canadian Taxes
Lamps Plus is required by certain states to charge sales tax on online orders. Sales tax will be automatically added to the shopping cart. Additionally, Lamps Plus is required by Canadian law to charge certain relevant taxes (PST, GST, HST) on online orders shipped to Canada. These taxes will automatically be charged on the merchandise and shipping and handling, and these taxes will be calculated based on the corresponding province of purchase and billing address. Please note that we do not add sales tax unless we are required by law to do so.
back to top | main help
Cancellations and Changes
If you need to cancel or make changes to an order, please contact Customer Service as quickly as possible at 877-704-2425. If you are a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120.
Please note that most items ship within 2 to 3 business days, with some items shipping on the same day of your order, so we need to know as quickly as possible that you wish to change or cancel your order.
Cancellations are not guaranteed until you receive an email confirming cancellation.
back to top | main help
Damaged Merchandise
We make every effort to pack items so they will arrive at your door safely. Despite our best efforts, sometimes breakage does occur.
If you receive damaged merchandise we will replace it as quickly as possible. Be sure to contact us within 24 hours of receiving delivery, and please keep all packing boxes and materials. Call Customer Service at 877-704-2425. If you're a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120.
back to top | main help
Tracking Your Order
Use our Check Your Order Status page to track the status of your order.
Enter the order number that was sent in your order confirmation email and click the search button to view your information. Please note that oversized and heavy items must be sent by a freight shipping company. Deliveries requiring freight shipping are only available on orders shipped in the US. Please allow 24 business day hours from the time your order was submitted for the status to begin updating.
You can also track your order via the carrier's shipping tracking system. Your shipping confirmation email will contain a shipping tracking number for your use. Again, please note that it may take up to 24 hours from the time an item is shipped to the time information is available for viewing on the carrier's website.
If you have any questions please call us at 877-704-2425. If you're a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120.
back to top | main help
Not Getting Your Items?
When trying to estimate when a package will be delivered, you should consider the following:
Credit card approval must be received prior to processing.
Ground delivery only occurs during business hours, Monday - Friday excluding holidays.
If you have concerns about your order, please contact Customer Service at 877-704-2425. If you're a member of our Professionals program, call 800-304-8120.
back to top | main help
Help, Policies & FAQs
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Disclosure on Transparency in Supply Chains
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
How to Shop Lamps Plus
Lamps Plus Pros Info
Lamp Plus Hospitality Info
About Hospitality Grade
Lamps Plus Rewards
Our 120% Price Protection Policy
Pricing & Product Information
Return Policy
Sale Terms & Conditions
Shipping and Delivery
Blanket Wrap Delivery
Gold White Glove Delivery
Howard Miller Delivery Service
Silver White Glove Delivery
Threshold Delivery
Terms of Use
Your Privacy and Security
Accessibility
View All
Our Company
About Lamps Plus
Contact Us
Trade Program
Careers
Privacy Policy
Our Stores
Store Locator
Curbside Pickup
Lighting Design Services
New Homeowner Savings
Help
Customer Service
Order Status
FAQs
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Resources
Ideas and Advice
Catalogs
Manage Account
Accessibility
Rate Us
Stay Connected
Great deals & inspiration to your inbox!
#MYLAMPSPLUS
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Houzz
Youtube
800-782-1967
Email Us
Discount Pricing for the Trade
Contract Lighting for Hotels & More
The Nation’s Largest Lighting Retailer
© 2020 Lamps Plus, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Site Map
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Info. See our policy. | CA Transparency Act
*Free Shipping applies only to orders shipping to the 48 contiguous United States that qualify and meet the minimum purchase requirement; standard shipping only and select products excluded, including freight, oversized items and Open Box items. Free Returns applies only to orders shipped to the 48 contiguous United States and is valid on select items; does not apply to freight, Daily Sale, designs with Giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, Open Box items, or certain items with designer shades.
Free Shipping on Most Orders
Only $5.00 shipping on orders $49.00 and under.
Plus Free Returns on 1,000s of Products
Terms & Conditions apply