https://www.blissworld.com/terms-conditions/
Enable Accessibility
Terms & Conditions
By accessing, using, or viewing the Bliss Website (the "Site") or any of its services, functions or contents, You agree to each of the following terms, conditions and notices which govern Your of use of the Site and Your purchase of products and services on the Site (the “Terms of Use”).
1. use of the site
The Site is to be used by You for Your personal use only. Commercial uses of this Site are strictly prohibited unless prior written consent from Bliss Direct Inc. ("Bliss" or the "Company") has been granted. You agree that You will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy the Site or any contents or information contained therein, unless You obtain prior express written consent from Bliss. You agree that You will not through any means interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the Site. You agree that You will not provide to Bliss or to this Site: (i) any viruses, worms, time bombs, and/or other computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, intercept or expropriate any system, data or information; and (ii) any content that may create liability for Bliss or cause Bliss to lose (in whole or in part) the services of our suppliers.
2. products and services
These products and services made available by Bliss and its suppliers on this Site are intended for personal use only. You may not assign, transfer, re-market, resell or otherwise dispose of, such products and services without obtaining Bliss's prior written consent. Bliss and its suppliers may cancel or modify purchases on the Site if it appears that they are the result of fraudulent or inappropriate activity or under other circumstances where it appears that the purchase contains or has resulted from a mistake or error. Other terms and conditions included on the Site, including return and shipping policies, may apply to Your purchase and are incorporated by reference herein.
3. privacy policy
You acknowledge and agree that You have read and consent to the terms of the Bliss Privacy Policy, which is incorporated by reference herein.
4. proprietary rights
This Site contains and references trademarks, patents, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes or other proprietary rights of Bliss and other parties. No license or right to or in any such trademarks, patents, trade secrets, technologies, products, processes and other proprietary rights of Bliss and other parties is granted to or conferred upon You. Reproduction or storage of materials obtained from this Site is subject to the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, Title 17 U.S.C. No material from the Site may be reproduced, distributed, posted, displayed, uploaded or transmitted. The use of any material from the Site on any other internet, intranet, web or other site or computer environment is prohibited. You may not utilize framing techniques to frame any Bliss trademarks, logos, or other proprietary information (including images and text). You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name, trademarks or other proprietary information.
5. user feedback
You agree that all ideas, comments, suggestions or other information that You provide to Bliss regarding the Site or products and services provided on the Site (the "Feedback") shall be Bliss's property, and may be used by Bliss on a non-confidential and unrestricted basis, without compensation to You.
6. monitoring
You agree that Bliss has no obligation to, but may monitor and review information You transmit over the Site. You agree that Bliss may censor, edit, remove or prohibit the transmission or receipt of any information that Bliss deems inappropriate or in violation of these terms and conditions, and use any such information as necessary to provide the Site and to protect the rights of Bliss. You agree that Bliss may also monitor and review stored information without restriction. You hereby acknowledge and consent to such monitoring and reviewing.
7. linked web sites
This Site includes links to other web sites. Bliss provides such links solely as a convenience to You and for informational purposes only. Bliss has not reviewed all of the information on these other web sites. The inclusion of these links in no way indicates Bliss's endorsement, support or approval of the content, advertising, products, services, policies or other materials on or available from such web sites. Neither Bliss, nor any other providers of products or services related to this Site, shall be responsible for the content of any other web sites and make no representation or warranty regarding any other web sites or the contents or materials on such web sites. If You decide to access other web sites, You do so at Your own risk. Bliss' privacy policy does not apply to other websites. Other web sites may include links to the Site. The inclusion of such links does not indicate the other web site's endorsement, support or approval of the content, advertising, products, services, policies or other materials on or available from the Site.
8. advertising disclosure, accuracy
Product descriptions posted on our product pages are the representations of our suppliers. The Site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors or omissions. Bliss is not responsible for typographical, pricing, product information, advertising or shipping errors. Advertised prices and available quantities are subject to change without notice. Bliss reserves the right to make changes, corrections and/or improvements to the Site, and to the products and programs described in such information, at any time without notice.
SEE SECTION 15 BELOW FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 8.
9. mis-communications
Bliss and any other providers of products or services on the Site are not responsible for communication malfunctions, failures, or difficulties, or lost, stolen, or misdirected, transmissions, messages or entries, or the security of any such communications. Further, Bliss and any other providers of products or services related to this Site are not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate entry information, whether caused by You or by any of the equipment or programming associated with the Site, or by any technical or human error that may occur in the processing of any information related to the Site.
SEE SECTION 15 BELOW FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 9.
10. warranties
YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SITE AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE SITE, AND ANY RELATED INFORMATION, CONTENTS AND/OR MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. BLISS HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY; FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; NON-INFRINGEMENT; AND THOSE ARISING BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE IN LAW OR FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE; OTHER THAN THOSE WARRANTIES WHICH ARE IMPOSED BY AND INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION, RESTRICTION, OR MODIFICATION UNDER THE LAWS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT.
SEE SECTION 15 BELOW FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 10.
11. limitation of liability
YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT SHALL BLISS, ITS AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY USE OF THIS SITE OR THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE BY BLISS OR ANY THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES RELATED TO THIS SITE.
SEE SECTION 15 BELOW FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 11.
12. indemnification
You agree to indemnify and hold Bliss and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, agents and employees harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorney's fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of Your breach of these terms and conditions or Your violation of any law or the rights of a third party. Bliss's failure to act with respect to a breach by You or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches.
SEE SECTION 15 BELOW FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION 12.
13. formal dispute resolution by binding arbitration
READ THE FOLLOWING ARBITRATION PROVISION CAREFULLY, IT LIMITS YOUR RIGHTS, INCLUDING THE RIGHT TO MAINTAIN A COURT ACTION. You agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms of Use, the applicability of these Terms of Use to the use of this Site, or purchase of any Bliss or other products on this Site, or to breach or enforcement, interpretation or validity of these Terms of Use, or the determination of the scope or applicability of Arbitration shall be governed solely by the Federal Arbitration Act.
If you and Bliss cannot resolve a dispute informally, any dispute asserted by either party will be resolved only by binding Arbitration. By agreeing to Arbitration, both you and Bliss understand and agree that all disputes shall be decided by an Arbitrator and that you are waiving your rights to maintain other available resolution processes, such as a court action or administrative proceeding, to settle disputes. Instead of suing in court, both you and Bliss each agree to resolve disputes (except certain small claims) only by Arbitration. ARBITRATION MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL. The rules in Arbitration are different. There is no judge or jury, and review is limited, but an arbitrator can award the same damages and relief, and must honor the same limitations stated in these Terms of Use as a court would.
The Arbitration will be conducted under the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules & Procedures (referred to as the “JAMS Rules”) and under the rules set forth in these Terms of Use. If there is a conflict between JAMS Rules and the rules set forth in these Terms of Use, the rules set forth in these Terms of Use will govern. You may, in Arbitration, seek any and all remedies otherwise available to you pursuant to the law of the governing state. If you decide to initiate Arbitration, Bliss agrees to pay the Arbitration initiation fee and any additional required deposit required by JAMS to initiate your Arbitration. You and Bliss agree to pay the costs of the Arbitration proceeding provided however that if you are a consumer you shall not be required to pay more than $250.00 of the fees or such amount as the JAMS Rules may later prescribe. All other fees, such as attorneys’ fees and expenses of travel to the Arbitration, will be paid in accordance with JAMS Rules. The Arbitration will be held at a location in your home town area if possible, unless you and Bliss both agree to another location or telephonic Arbitration. To initiate Arbitration, you or Bliss must do the following things:
(1) Write a demand for Arbitration. The demand must include a description of the dispute and the amount of damages sought to be recovered. You can find a copy of a Demand for Arbitration at www.jamsadr.com.
(2) Send three copies of the Demand for Arbitration, plus the appropriate filing fee to:
JAMS [to your local JAMS office or to JAMS, 620 Eighth Ave., 34th Floor, New York, NY 10018].
(3) Send one copy of the Demand for Arbitration to the other party.
Special Rules in the Arbitration Proceeding. (i) The arbitrator has no authority to make errors of law and any award may be challenged if the arbitrator does so. Otherwise, the arbitrator’s decision is final and binding on all parties and may be enforced in any Federal or State court that has jurisdiction. (ii) Neither you nor Bliss shall be entitled to join or consolidate claims in Arbitration by or against other individuals or entities, or arbitrate any claim as a representative member of a class or in a private attorney general capacity. THIS MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO INITIATE OR PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS OR CONSOLIDATED ACTION WHATSOEVER. Accordingly, you and Bliss agree that the JAMS Class Action Procedures do not apply to our Arbitration. A court may sever any portion of this dispute resolution provision if it finds such unenforceable, except for the prohibition on class, representative and private attorney general arbitrations. Notwithstanding the obligation to arbitrate all disputes under these Terms of Use, you may assert an individual dispute in small claims court in lieu of Arbitration.
14. choice of law and time to bring your claim
You agree that any dispute will be governed by the law of the State of New York and that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to, or connected with your use of the Company’s website, its products, or these Terms of Use, must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned.
IF YOU ARE A CONSUMER, HOWEVER, THIS PROVISION SHALL NOT BE CONSTRUED TO LIMIT YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CONSUMER PROTECTION LAWS OF YOUR STATE OF RESIDENCE AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 15.
15. exclusions and limitations; consumer protection notice
If you are a consumer, the provisions in these Terms of Use are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of your State of residence. If you are a New Jersey consumer, these terms do not limit or waive your rights as a consumer under New Jersey law and the provisions in these Terms of Use are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the State of New Jersey. In any event, Bliss reserves all rights, defenses and permissible limitations under the law of your State of residence. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section shall modify Section 13 (formal dispute resolution by binding arbitration).
NOTICE TO NEW JERSEY RESIDENTS: Your rights are protected under the Truth-in-Consumer Contract, Warranty and Notice Act and New Jersey law generally. The provisions in these Terms and Conditions do not apply to you and are not intended to vary, diminish or alter your rights under New Jersey law: specifically, nothing in these Terms and Conditions limits, varies, diminishes, affects, or otherwise voids or alters your rights under New Jersey law as they relate to limitations of liability or exculpation (including, but not limited to, limitations on indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, consequential or similar damages), dispute resolution, indemnification, venue or jurisdiction, statutes of limitation or repose periods for bringing claims, plain language requirements, representations and warranties of any type or nature (including, but not limited to conditions of merchantability, of satisfactory quality, of fitness for a particular purpose, of accuracy, of quite enjoyment, and non-infringement), contract remedies, personal injury, tort and negligence claims, conditions of sale, fee-shifting provisions, waiver of attorney fees and/or costs, and copyright. Your rights regarding these specific provisions will be governed by New Jersey law. In the event of any conflict between these Terms and Conditions and New Jersey law, New Jersey law will govern.
16. promotions/discount codes
Promo codes can be specific to dates, products or minimum total amount. All promotional offers, emails and sales, including the Welcome and Birthday discounts cannot be combined with any other offers. Limit one promo code per order. Promo codes and promotions cannot be used toward gift card purchases.  Not valid on past purchases. For questions or assistance with a promo code please contact Customer Service. All promotional codes are subject to change at any time. All promotional codes are only exclusive to product purchases made on Blissworld.com only. Promo codes cannot be used for Spa product purchases or to book a Spa service.
The Blissworld rewards program (the “Program”) is a loyalty reward program offered by Blissworld (the “Company”, “us”, “our” or “we”) to certain customers of the Company. The Program is accessible through www.Blissworld.com (the “Program Website”) and any other related sites and applications referred to on the Program Website including without limitation https://Blissworld.com/bliss-rewards/ (the “Explainer Page”). The Program allows persons who have completed the membership enrolment steps (each, a “Program Member” or “Member”) in accordance with the present Terms and Conditions to collect points when making purchases on items identified from time to time by the Company (“Eligible Purchases”), and to redeem these points for rewards, benefits and/or rebates offered by the Company from time to time. Members acquire no vested right or entitlement to the continued availability of any particular reward, benefit or redemption level.
Limited Time Offers:
Buy 4 Holographic Masks Get 1 Free. Must add five of the same mask to cart. Cannot mix and match. Cannot be combined with other offers. Limit one free item per order. Offer only applies only to Blissworld.com purchases. Limited time offer.
Buy any Face Serum and get a FREE 5ct. Incredipeel. 5ct Sachets of Incredipeel will be automatically added to cart when you add a Face Serum. Offer limit to 5ct. Incredipeel sachets per order. Offer only applies only to Blissworld.com purchases.
Buy 2 Get 1 Free Sitewide: No code needed. Offer automatically applied at checkout. Limits one free item per order. Must add all 3 items to cart. Free item must be of equal or lesser value. Offer expires 11/09/2020 at 11:59PM PT. Cannot be combined with other offers. Offer only applies to Blissworld.com purchases.
17. where Is The Bliss Blue Rewards Program?
In March 2020, we retired our Bliss Blue Rewards Program. In February 2020 affected customers were notified that points would expire on Monday, March 2, 2020. While we’re sad to say goodbye to our Bliss Blue Rewards Program, we have a new an exciting community, join now!
18. join our community
To learn more about the Terms & Conditions of our new program, click here.
19. modification of terms
Bliss may at any time amend, modify or supplement any terms and conditions applicable to the Site, and Your continued use of the Site will constitute Your acceptance of any such amendment, modification, or supplementation.
If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions or if you wish to provide any feedback with respect to the Program, please contact us at: customercare@blissmail.com.
Revised: June 2018
×
Close Newsletter Popup
Email Address
By providing your email address, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions.