https://www.normanloveconfections.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) was updated on March 10, 2016 and is effective as of this date (the “Effective Date”). For an overview of the material updates to the previous version of this Privacy Policy, please see the “MATERIAL UPDATES” section below.
If your first use of the Sites (as defined below) occurred on or after the Effective Date, the updated version of this Privacy Policy applies to all information that we collect about you. If your first use of the Sites occurred prior to the Effective Date, the updated version of this Privacy Policy does not retroactively apply to any information that we have collected about you prior to the Effective Date, unless and until you opt-in to the updated version. You can opt-in by making a new purchase of Norman Love products directly from http://www.normanloveconfections.com/ / http://susan.normanlove.com/ / http://princess.normanlove.com/ of the Sites.
LAST UPDATED: March 10, 2016 (view archived version of this Privacy Policy:
“We consider it a special privilege to serve our customers, and we have the utmost respect for your privacy. None of the information you give us will be given to other companies for any reason, as it is used for the sole purpose of serving you, our customer.”
This privacy policy tells you about the personally identifiable information that Norman Love Confections (“Norman Love,” “we,” “us” or “our”) collects through the operation of our websites located at http://www.normanloveconfections.com/ and http://susan.normanlove.com/ and http://princess.normanlove.com/ (collectively, the “Sites”) how we may use this information and with whom we may share it. This Privacy Policy also explains how you can access and correct certain information that we collect. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that we collect through other means such as offline correspondence.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE
By using the Sites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you maynot use the Sites.
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice to you by posting an updated version of this Privacy Policy on the Sites. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last updated by referring to the “LAST UPDATED” notation at the top of this Privacy Policy. Any updates to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the updated version of this Privacy Policy on the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites after we post an updated version of this Privacy Policy signifies you acceptance of the updated version.
MATERIAL UPDATES
This Privacy Policy materially modifies the previous version of this Privacy Policy,
(“We consider it a special privilege to serve our customers, and we have the utmost respect for your privacy. None of the information you give us will be given to other companies for any reason, as it is used for the sole purpose of serving you, our customer.”).
This Privacy Policy explains that we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties in certain enumerated circumstances. It also informs you about our other privacy practices relating to your personally identifiable information.
INFORMATION COLLECTED & HOW WE USE IT
We strive to allow you to always remain in control of the information you provide to us. In general, you can visit the Sites without revealing any of your personally identifiable information. We do, however, collect your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address and credit card data, which you voluntarily submit to us when you (a) purchase Norman Love products directly from http://www.normanloveconfections.com/ / http://susan.normanlove.com/ and http://princess.normanlove.com/ of the Sites, (b) create an account for the Sites, (c) engage in any account-related activities, (d) submit a message through the “Contact Form”, (e) submit a product review or (f) subscribe to our newsletter.
We may use your personally identifiable information, in identifiable or de-identifiable form, separately, in combination with pre-existing information or on an aggregate basis for any legitimate business purpose, including:
To direct product shipments;
To communicate with you via email, text message or telephone;
To send information about Norman Love products or services via email, text message or telephone; and
To enforce our Terms of Use.
To better meet your needs, we may supplement your personally identifiable information with information obtained from third parties for the same purposes.
We also collect aggregate information about visitors to the Sites such as information about how many visitors log on to the Sites and the pages they access.
SHARING WITH THIRD PARTIES
We will not sell your personally identifiable information to, or share or trade it with, any third parties except in the following circumstances:
When we have your consent;
When we share your personally identifiable information with our affiliates;
When we engage third party service providers to help us conduct our business, operate the Sites or otherwise provide services on our behalf, including database hosting services, information technology services, order fulfillment services and payment and credit card processing services;
When you elect to participate in third party-sponsored sweepstakes, contests or similar promotions that we advertise on the Sites;
When we receive a verified request for your personally identifiable information from law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation;
Based on our good faith belief that sharing your personally identifiable information is necessary or appropriate to (a) protect and defend our rights or property or (ii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the safety or security of the public or users of our products or services and/or the Sites; and
In the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
STORAGE & CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
Your personally identifiable information will be stored and processed in the United States. If your country of residence is outside of the United States, you consent to the transfer of your personally identifiable information to the United States, which may have different data protection rules from your country of residence.
COOKIES & OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
Norman Love Confections’ website uses cookies, tracking pixels, and other related technologies. Cookies are small data files that are served by our platform and stored on your device. Our site uses cookies dropped by us or third parties for a variety of purposes including to operate and personalize our website. Also, cookies may be used to track how you use the site to target ads to you on other websites.
Cookies are created by the websites you visit, much like your dry cleaner creates a claim check for you. You leave the dry cleaner with your claim check, and when you return, you pick up what you dropped off.
Our cookies do not follow you from our website to other websites. They cannot gather information from your hard drive about who you are, where you live, how much money you make, what your credit card number is, etc. If we, at some point, use cookies on our website, it is simply to allow our website to recognize you when you return to ensure that your visit is personal and relevant to your interests.
Facebook or other social media pixel conversion tracking helps us measure the success of our advertising by reporting on the actions people take after viewing our ads. We create pixels that track conversions, add them to the pages of our website where a conversion will take place, and then track these conversions back to ads we are running on the platform.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We take the utmost care to protect children’s privacy and take into consideration appropriate national and international laws and regulations on children’s privacy. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of thirteen years old and the Sites are not directed towards or intended to be used by children under this age.
THIRD PARTY SITES
The Sites may contain advertisements and/or links to websites that are not controlled or operated by us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, and we are not responsible for their content or the privacy practices of the entities that control or operate them. Therefore, we encourage you to request and review the privacy policies of any such entities prior to disclosing your information to them or using their websites.
SECURITY
We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect all of your personally identifiable information that you submit to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is one hundred percent secure. Therefore, we cannot
guarantee the absolute security of your personally identifiable information.
ACCESS & OPT-OUT
If, at any time, you would like to correct, update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that you have submitted to us, or if you would prefer to no longer receive communications from us, please contact us via email at mary@normanloveconfections.com or via U.S. mail at:
Norman Love Confections
11380 Lindbergh Boulevard
Fort Myers, FL 33913
SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under California Law SB 27, you have the right to receive, once a year, information about third parties with whom we have shared personally identifiable information about you or your family for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of your personally identifiable information shared. To make such a request, please send an email to mary@normanloveconfections.com, include the phrase “California Privacy Request” in the subject line and provide us with your name, address and email address. We will respond to you within thirty days of receiving such a request.
DO NOT TRACK
Although the Sites currently do not have a mechanism to recognize the various web browser Do Not Track signals, we do offer our customers choices to manage their preferences. To learn more about web browser tracking signals and Do Not Track, please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org/.
Allergen Notice
Norman Love Confections is not a nut, dairy, egg, soy, or wheat-free facility. While products containing common allergens are marked appropriately, trace amounts of these elements may be present in any of our products, as all our products are produced on shared equipment. If you (or any potential recipient of our chocolate) are highly sensitive to any of these ingredients, we strongly recommend against purchasing our product.
GOVERNING LAW
This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without regard to its choice of law provisions.
COUPONS & DISCOUNTS
Unless otherwise stated, only one (1) coupon code may be redeemed per transaction. Exclusions apply. For more information, email info@normanloveconfections.com.
COMMENTS & QUESTIONS
We welcome comments and questions about this Privacy Policy. Comments and questions should be directed to info@normanloveconfections.com or via U.S. mail at:
Norman Love Confections
11380 Lindbergh Boulevard
Fort Myers, FL 33913
239-747-1792