https://www.swissmeats.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Menu
Gift BasketsBaconBratwurst & SausageFully CookedBest SellersItalian VarietiesSweeter VarietiesEuropean VarietiesUnique VarietiesHot & Spicy VarietiesChicken VarietiesCured Smoked MeatsHickory HamCherry HamWhole Boneless HamSmoked TurkeySugar Cured Hickory Smoked Boneless Pork ChopsSugar Cured Hickory Smoked ChickenGerman SpecialtiesAuthentic German Sausage CollectionJerky & Snack Stix CollectionFully Cooked Hickory Smoked TurkeySliced Gourmet Meats CollectionSugar Cured Hickory Smoked ChickenStix & JerkySummer SausageSummer Sausage CollectionExotic Sausage CollectionGrand Champion Sausage CollectionSale
Account
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Please replace this text with you Privacy Policy. Please add any additional cookies your website uses below (e.g. Google Analytics).
This privacy policy sets out how this website (hereafter "the Store") uses and protects any information that you give the Store while using this website. The Store is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The Store may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Our Commitment To Privacy
Swiss Meat & Sausage Co. respects you and understands that you are concerned about privacy and the use of your personal information. We consider the information you choose to share with us personal and confidential. We provide this explanation about our information practices to show you our commitment to protect your privacy.
The Information We Collect
At the time you register on our site, make a purchase request or agree to participate in a promotion, we collect and store the following types of information:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Telephone number
Credit/Debit Card Information is forwarded to our payment processors via an encrypted and secure connection during a transaction and is never stored in our databases or on our servers.
We need this information to provide goods and services that you request and to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested. We may also use this information to customize your experience using our website.
We may ask you to submit information about other people if you order a gift to be sent directly to the recipient. In such circumstances, we will ask for the recipient's name, address, telephone number and e-mail address.
We may ask you for personally-identifying information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, communicate with us, or complete a survey. If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion, you give us your consent to share your name and e-mail address with the third party offering the promotion or the third party who may forward marketing or other materials on our behalf.
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, transactions completed, etc. To do this, we use action tags and cookies provided by our site analytics and marketing partners. Although these partners log the information coming from our site on our behalf, we authorize how that data may and may not be used.
Our web-site analytics partners use this data in the aggregate to determine how visitors use our site so we can improve website experiences. In addition, this information is used to better serve you with appropriate and relevant marketing offers.
As part of our service, we use cookies to store and track information about you on our website. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it on subsequent visits; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users, and research visiting patterns. If you disable cookies on your computer, you will not be able to purchase from Swiss Meat & Sausage Co. online.
The Way We Use Information
Because our goal is to provide products that best meet your needs, we evaluate your personal interactions with us in an effort to bring you the products which best suit your tastes. In addition, we use your information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site's content, layout, and services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new products, services and promotions. At times we may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our products and services for you.
The email addresses that we collect are used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes and are not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
When you supply us with your postal address or phone number you may receive periodic mailings from us. If you would rather not receive such offers, just login under My Account to change your Contact Preferences, call or write to let us know your preferences.
If you place a request for products or services, we use your personal information to ship your order; if the products or services are from a retail partner, we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction.
We may use or disclose information to resolve disputes or investigate problems. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, to manage our website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.
Security
We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us, and we maintain procedures and technology designed for this purpose. We take several steps to protect the information we have about you, including the following:
We update and test our technology on a regular basis in order to improve the protection of customer information and access to your information is controlled by strict internal procedures. We maintain policies about the proper physical security of workplaces and records.
Children under 13
We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from children under 13 without containing verifiable consent from their parents. We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who address our website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages. If a child has provided us with personal information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.
For more information about the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the FTC website: www.ftc.gov .
Changes To Our Policy
The practices and policies contained in this disclosure are subject to change. Any such changes will be communicated through our website. Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy. The practices and policies in this disclosure replace all previous notices or statements with respect to the same subject matter.
Your Consent
By using our website, you're granting express consent to the collection and use of your personally-identifying information in the manner we describe and for normal business communications.
How To Contact Us
To update, correct or delete your personal information, you can contact us at:
Swiss Meat & Sausage Co. - Customer Service
2056 S. Highway 19
Hermann, MO 65041
We may also be reached via e-mail at Customer.Service@swissmeats.com
Or, you may reach us by telephone at 1-800-960-8400.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections or changes.
Recently Viewed
No recently views items
Clear All
Copyright © 2019 Swiss Meat & Sausage Co. All rights reserved.