http://www.medekit.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Introduction
We recognize that the privacy of your personal information is important. The purpose of this policy is to let you know how we handle the information collected through the use of this website. Portions of this website may describe privacy practices applicable to specific types of information or to information provided on specific web pages.
This policy does not apply to information collected through other means such as by telephone or in person, although that information may be protected by other privacy policies. As used in this policy, terms such as “we” or “our” and “Company” refer to UnitedHealthcare Global, a trading name of UnitedHealthcare Global Medical (UK) Limited, and its current and future affiliated entities, including our parent company UnitedHealth Group.
Any information you provide will be transferred to and processed by a computer server located within the United States of America. The United States of America does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union. By providing personal information under this policy, you consent to the processing of personal information in accordance with this policy.
Cookies
Our website uses cookies. Visit our Cookie Policy to find out more about what we use cookies for and how to manage them.
Your Personal Information
This website may include web pages that give you the opportunity to provide us with personal information about yourself. You do not have to provide us with personal information if you do not want to; however, that may limit your ability to use certain functions of this website or to request certain services or information. We take reasonable steps to ensure that information is reliable and relevant for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. We retain personal information as long as we need to perform services listed in this policy and to comply with applicable law.
We may use personal information for a number of purposes such as:
To respond to an email or particular request from you.
To personalize the website for you.
To process an order as requested by you.
To administer surveys and promotions.
To provide you with information that we believe may be useful to you, such as information about health products or services provided by us or other businesses.
To perform analytics and to improve our products, websites, and advertising.
To comply with applicable laws, regulations, and legal process.
To protect someone's health, safety, or welfare.
To protect our rights, the rights of affiliates or related third parties, or take appropriate legal action, such as to enforce our Terms of Use.
To keep a record of our transactions and communications.
As otherwise necessary or useful for us to conduct our business, so long as such use is permitted by law.
We may use personal information to contact you through any contact information you provide through this website, including any email address, telephone number, cell phone number, text message number, or fax number.
We may also share personal information within the Company, and we may combine personal information that you provide us through this website with other information we have received from you, whether online or offline, or from other sources such as from our vendors. For example, if you have purchased a product or service from us, we may combine personal information you provide through this website with information regarding your receipt of the product or service.
Sharing Personal Information
We will only share your personal information with third parties as outlined in this policy and as otherwise permitted by law.
We may share personal information if all or part of the Company is sold, merged, dissolved, acquired, or in a similar transaction.
We may share personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law or regulation. We may cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating and prosecuting activities that are illegal, violate our rules, or may be harmful to other visitors.
If you submit information or a posting to a chat room, bulletin board, or similar “chat” related portion of this website, the information you submit along with your screen name will be visible to all visitors, and such visitors may share with others. Therefore, please be thoughtful in what you write and understand that this information may become public.
We may also share personal information with other third party companies that we collaborate with or hire to perform services on our behalf. For example, we may hire a company to help us send and manage email, and we might provide the company with your email address and certain other information in order for them to send you an email message on our behalf. Similarly, we may hire companies to host or operate some of our websites and related computers and software applications.
Correcting Inaccuracies in Personal Information
This website may permit you to view your visitor profile and related personal information and to request changes to such information. If this function is available, we will include a link on this website with a heading such as “My Profile” or similar words. Clicking on the link will take you to a page through which you may review your visitor profile and related personal information. If this feature is not available and you would like to review, update, delete or amend any personal information that we create and that we are able to change, simply contact us at assistance_privacy@uhcglobal.com or through the "Contact Us" information found below. Please prefix the subject of your email or mark your envelope 'confidential'.
Website and Information Security
We maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the information that you provide on this website. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our website, nor can we guarantee that the information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet, and we are not liable for the illegal acts of third parties such as criminal hackers.
Our Online Communication Practices
We may send electronic newsletters, notification of account status, and other communications, such as marketing communications, on a periodic basis to various individuals and organizations. We may also send email communications regarding topics such as general health benefits, website updates, health conditions, and general health topics. We offer you appropriate consent mechanisms for marketing and certain other communications. As examples, you may opt-out as provided for in a specific email communication or contact us as described below in the section “Contact Us.” Please be aware that opt-outs may not apply to certain types of communications, such as account status, website updates, or other communications.
Contact Us
If you have questions or a complaint about any aspect of our policy, please contact us at:
UnitedHealthcare Global C/O Data Protection Officer 8501 LaSalle Road Baltimore, MD 21286
Email: assistance_privacy@uhcglobal.com
Please prefix the subject of your email or mark your envelope 'confidential'. If you believe we or any company associated with us has misused any of your information please contact us immediately and report such misuse.
Effective Date
The effective date of this policy is May 01, 2016.
Changes to this Website Privacy Policy
We may change this policy. If we do so, such change will appear on this page of our website. We will also provide appropriate notice and choices to you, on this website and in other appropriate locations, based on the scope and extent of changes. You may always visit this policy to learn of any updates.
©2020 UnitedHealth Group Incorporated. All rights reserved.