https://www.pilotstuff.com/privacy.html
Brands
Custom Pilot Earpieces
Pilot Earpieces
Clarity Aloft
Bose ProFlight
Faro Air
Quiet Technology Halo
Mach 1
Headsets and Combo Packs
Aviation Headsets
Combo Packs
Plantronics
Telex
The Regional Jet Package
Headset Adapters
Airbus Adapters
Reverse Airbus Adapters
Single Plug Adapters
Dual Custom Earpiece Adapter Kit
More Info
FAQ
Helpful Hints
Spare Parts
Learn How To Customize Your Earpiece
Home Impression Kit
Impression Making Pictures
Deep Impressions from an Audiologist
Free Shipping Policy
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Testimonials
Your Privacy and Our Policy
Privacy Statement and Copyright Notice
This is the web site of Avery Sound Company, Inc.
Our postal address is
P.O. Box 7076
Capo Beach, CA 92624
We can be reached via e-mail at Info@AverySound.com
or you can reach us by telephone at (800) 786-5140 or (949) 545-7234.
Copyright Notice
This website and its content is copyright of Avery Sound Company, Inc. © AverySound.com and PilotStuff.com 2010/2011/2012/2013/2014/2015/2016. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited.
You may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
The use of any pictures or text on this web site is strictly prohibited without the written approval of Avery Sound Company, Inc.
Privacy Notice
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for AverySound.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
1) Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to and collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to your inquiry. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us to, we will not contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
2) Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
a) See what data we have about you, if any.
b) Change/correct any data we have about you.
c) Have us delete any data we have about you.
d) Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
3) Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
The following cookie information references the shopping cart program that we use to take customer orders:
ShopSite and Cookies
ShopSite uses browser "cookies" for both merchant and customer sessions.
When a customer first clicks an [Add to Cart] button to make a purchase, ShopSite sets a cookie to associate the customer with a particular shopping cart.
When a customer enters their shipping and billing information and clicks Submit This Order to complete the order, ShopSite sets another cookie. This cookie contains the billing address (and the shipping address if a separate one is used) that the customer used. It does not contain any credit card information. This cookie is set to expire December 30th of the calendar year following the year the order is placed. If the customer returns to the store from the same computer within this time, ShopSite will detect and read the cookie and the customer will not have to re-enter the address information. If cookies are disabled in a customer's browser, this "memory" feature will not be available to that customer.
ShopSite sets cookies for the merchant during some parts of store creation, such as when uploading images and in parts of the wizard.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 800-786-5140 or via email at Privacy@PilotStuff.com
(949) 545-7234
Fax: (815) 572-0464
Email: Sales@PilotStuff.com
Free Shipping within the United States!
You pay no more than the product price. We pay for shipping and handling!
© 1977-
AverySound.com. All Rights Reserved.
Website Created by
Digital Design Solutions