https://www.simpleitaly.com/privacy-and-site-policies/
Home
Contact us
Links
These site usage and privacy policies apply to SimpleItaly.com, a site operated by Pergola West, Inc.
When you contact us via email, the contact form on our site or phone, we collect information from you that may include your name, company name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, or other personal data. We use this information to contact you about your order, send you information you have asked for, deliver services or goods you have requested, and/or to tailor our services to better serve your interests. Without your permission in advance, Pergola West will not share your personal information with anyone else, unless a third party (such as a credit card processor or shipper) needs the information to complete a transaction that you have initiated, or unless we are required to by court order.
We do not send unsolicited email. If you do sign up to receive emails from us, you will be able to easily unsubscribe from our email list at any time.
Comments and other information that you post to areas on our site where they can be viewed by others are considered public and are not subject to our privacy policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a snippet of text that a website sends to your browser so it can “remember” pages or sites you have visited. We may use temporary cookies to aid visitors in navigating the site and to collect information such as which browsers our visitors are using and which search engines they used to find our site. This is aggregate data that does not identity you personally. Our site (or your browser) may put a permanent cookie on your computer if you instruct our site or your browser to “remember” your user name, login or other information for when you return to the site.
Although cookies make it easier and more convenient to browse the web, you can set up your browser to reject cookies, or delete cookies once they are on your computer. (See your browser’s help files for how to do this.)
Security
We have various measures in place to keep your passwords and proprietary information safe. Despite our efforts to uphold our clients’ privacy, however, data sent through the Internet or stored in computers or any other location can potentially be breached by unauthorized parties. You therefore agree to indemnify Pergola West, Inc.,  from all legal responsibility and liability for such events as, but not limited to, security breaches, stolen information, successful hacking attempts against this site, and lost information.
Site Usage
By using this site, you agree that you will not hack into unauthorized areas, send unsolicited mail (spam) to us or any of our users, or add any content to our site that, in our judgment, is obscene, hateful, racist or otherwise inappropriate or likely to cause discomfort to our site users. Comment spam, which includes, but is not limited to, posts obviously designed to do nothing more than advertise your site, will be deleted.
Pergola West, Inc., reserves the right to delete user comments or refuse access to our site without prior notice.
Copyrights and Trademarks
Except for third-party content (such as stock photos, contributed articles or third-party product photos), all site content, including graphics, is copyrighted by Pergola West, Inc., Sharon Sanders, or Walter Sanders.  All rights are reserved. The text, images, and/or design of this site may not be redistributed without permission. Any third-party trademarks or copyrighted material mentioned or cited on this site are the property of their respective owners.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our site in general, please contact us through our contact form, or write to us at:
Pergola West, Inc.
PO Box 314
Center Valley, PA 18034
Simple Italy's Greatest Hits at a click!
Lasagne alla Bolognese and more
Recent posts
The Hill Towns of Molise
Fior di Latte Cheese
In the Mood for Molise, Italy
Silk from the Sea in Sardinia
Driving a Ferrari Spider
Posts by Category
Abruzzo (12)
AirBnB (1)
Amalfi (8)
Archeology (3)
Architecture (21)
Art (19)
Artisans (4)
Automobiles (1)
Bakery (1)
Basilicata (3)
Bologna (4)
Books (21)
Calabria (4)
Campania (17)
Cooking Classes (5)
Cremona (2)
Culture (174)
dreamofitaly (1)
Driving in Italy (2)
Emilia Romagna (2)
Ferrari (1)
Ferrari Museum (1)
Film (22)
Florence (30)
Food (134)
Fred Plotkin (1)
Friuli-Venezia Giulia (2)
Gardening (25)
Genoa (2)
Golf in Italy (1)
Guides (1)
History (8)
Hotels (14)
Inner Italian Q & A (11)
Italian seafood (7)
Italy Artisans (3)
Italy restaurants (17)
Language (86)
Le Marche (4)
Lifestyle (113)
Liguria (2)
Lombardy cooking (5)
Lucca (3)
Mantua (1)
Markets (26)
Mediterranean diet (55)
Milan (1)
Miscellany (86)
Modena (1)
Molise (3)
Mt. Etna (1)
Music (9)
Naples (2)
New Orleans (2)
Opera (1)
Palermo (3)
People (3)
Photography (4)
Piedmont cooking (1)
Puglia (9)
Quotes (4)
Recipes (64)
Rome (8)
Salerno (3)
Sardinia (4)
Sicily (15)
Test Drive (1)
Testimonials (2)
Travel (110)
Trentino Alto-Adige (1)
Tuscan cooking (17)
Tuscany (30)
Venice (2)
Videos (2)
Wine (23)
Inside SimpleItaly
American Couple Marries Italian-Style
Appearances
Contact us
Cooking Up an Italian Life
Le Marche Tour with Luisa
Links
Palazzo Donati Sample Itinerary
Palazzo Donati Tours
Privacy and Site Policies
Publications and TV
Sharon’s Inner Italian
SimpleItaly Adventure in Tuscany Tour
Thank You
Walter’s Inner Italian
Tags
Abruzzo
bucket list
driving in italy
Florence
Gardening
gelato
Genoa
Inner Italian
italian bread
Italian cooking
italian culture
italian dessert recipes
italian food
Italian food stores
italian language
italian lifestyle
Italian music
italian recipes
Italian tourism
italian travel
italian wine
Italy
Italy travel
Lago di Como
Lake Como
Mediterranean diet
mozzarella di bufala
Naples tourism
Paestum
Paolo Conte
porcini
Puglia
Rome
Santa Croce
Sardegna
Sardinia
Sicily
Southern Italy
Stile Mediterraneo
Sulmona
Tuscan cooking
Tuscany
Uffizi Gallery
Villa Pipistrelli
women and travel