http://www.veritytime.co.uk/shop/index.php?l=page_view&p=privacy_policy
CALL US NOW
01442 828585
e . info@veritytime.co.uk
home
history
your range
bespoke
gents collection
ladies collection
pocket watches
pendants
contact us
Follow Us
Search
Search
- All Categories -
Gents Collection
..Gold Watches
..Silver Watches
..Gold Plated Watches
..Stainless Steel Watches
..Two Colour Watches
..Strap Watches
..Bracelet Watches
..Classic
..Sports
..Automatic and Mechanical Watches
..Gold Watch Bracelets
Ladies Collection
..Gold Watches
..Silver Watches
..Gold Plated Watches
..Stainless Steel Watches
..Two Colour Watches
..Strap Watches
..Bracelet Watches
..Classic Watches
..Sports Watches
..Mechanical and Automatic Watches
..Gold Watch Bracelets
Pendants Collection
Pocket watch collection
..Quartz Pocket Watches
..Mechanical Pocket Watches
..Skeleton Pocket Watches
..Open Faced Pocket Watches
..Half Hunter Pocket Watches
..Full Hunter Pocket Watches
..Basic Range (Non Swiss Movements)
..Albert Chains
..Swiss Pocket Watches
Categories
New Products (119)
Specials (0)
Featured (421)
Gents Collection (178)
Ladies Collection (208)
Pendants Collection (16)
Pocket watch collection (48)
Bestsellers
Ladies Steel Bracelet Watch
Gents 9ct Gold Quartz Strap Watch - White Baton Di...
Gents 9ct Gold Quartz Strap Watch
Gents 14ct Gold Bracelet Watch
Gents 14ct Gold Rectangular Strap Watch
Gents Palladium Plated Automatic Strap Watch with ...
Palladium Plated Rectangular Strap Watch - White R...
Gents 18ct Gold Strap Watch - Champagne Baton Dial
Silver CZ Set Dual Time Strap Watch
Gents Gold Plated Bracelet Watch
Privacy Policy
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection & Use:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, please send an e-mail to info@veritytime.co.uk.
Newsletter Signup
Newsletter Signup
Verity Time Company LimitedP.O. Box 188 , TringHertfordshire HP23 6YU
Tel: 01442 828585Fax: 01442 826945Email: info@veritytime.co.uk
Copyright © 2020 Verity TimePrivacy