http://www.lavendersoflondon.com/privacy-cookies
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of the site have already been set. Continuing to use this site signifies your implied consent to the use of Cookies - pressing the “I Agree button” will remove this notice. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our "Privacy & Cookies" policy in the footer of the site.I Agree
HomeThe WarehouseHireTradeDeliveryOpening TimesContact Us
Privacy and Cookies
This site uses cookies
Our website uses cookies, as do almost all websites. The purpose of these is to help provide you with the best experience possible.Cookies are small text files stored by your browser on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites.
Our cookies enable us to:Make our website work as expectedImprove the speed/security of the siteAllow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook and TwitterContinuously improve our website for youTrack visits to the sites articles so we know what kind of information is popular for our visitors
We do not use cookies to:Collect any personally identifiable informationCollect any sensitive informationPass personally identifiable data to third partiesYou can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your web browser are set to accept cookies we understand because of that, and your continued use of our website, you are in agreement of how we use cookies. Should you wish to remove or disable cookies please follow the instructions below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies
Website Function Cookies
Our own cookies
We use cookies to make certain functions on our website work including:Allowing you to vote in pollsBlocking the ip addresses of known or potential hackers
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site or disabling them in your browser settings.
Third party functions
Like most websites we include functionality provided by third parties. A common example is embedding past issues of the magazine using Issuu. Our site includes the following which may use cookies:Videos (powered by YouTube and Vimeo)Google MapsOther embedded contentDisabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Social Website Cookies
So that you can share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:FacebookTwitterGoogle PlusAddThis – (who provide us with social buttons)ShareThis - (who provide us with social buttons)
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will depend on your settings with them.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac OS X or Windows PC) which helps to identify how our site works on particular platforms. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called “analytics” programs also tell us, on an anonymous basis, how people reached this site (e.g. from google) and whether they have been here before helping us develop our services.
Google Analytics - you can opt-out of being tracked by Google Analytics (we’d prefer you didn’t though as this data is seriously helpful to us in improving our website and therefore your experience on it https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our, and a large proportion of the world’s, websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites.
Mozilla Firefox
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Firefox, select ‘options’ then choose ‘privacy’. Since Firefox accepts cookies by default, select “use custom settings for history”. This will bring up additional options where you can uncheck ‘accept cookies from sites’ or set exceptions, ‘accept third party cookies’, and decide how long cookies will be stored (till they expire, till you close the browser, or ask you every time). You can also see the list of stored cookies and delete those you don’t want manually. You also have the option of deleting all cookies either from the history window or the privacy window. Permissions for blocking or allowing cookies for single sites can also be set via the Permissions tab.
Google Chrome
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Google Chrome, click on the wrench (spanner) on the browser toolbar. Choose ‘settings’, then ‘under the hood’. Find the ‘privacy’ section and click on ‘content settings’. Then click on ‘cookies’ and you will get four options allowing you to delete cookies, allow or block all cookies by default or set cookie preferences for particular sites or domains.
Internet Explorer
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Internet Explorer, select Tools (or the gear icon), Internet Options, Privacy. You can choose from a number of security settings including Accept All Cookies, Block All Cookies and intermediate settings that affect cookie storage based on privacy and whether cookies set allow third parties to contact you without your explicit consent.
Safari
To block cookies or change cookie settings in Safari 5.0 and earlier, go to Preferences, Security and then Accept Cookies. You can choose from Always, Only from sites you navigate to or Never. In Safari 5.1 and later go to Preferences, Privacy. In the Block cookies section choose Always, Never or From third parties and advertisers.
You now have all the information you need to manage and delete cookies, but please don’t forget that doing so might mean the web doesn’t look quite the way you would expect.
Blog News
Mar02
News
Sunday Dates for 2020
APRIL 5TH 2020
MAY 3RD 2020
JUNE 7TH 2020
JULY 5TH 2020
AUGUST 2ND 2020
SEPEMBER 6TH 2020
OCTOBER 4TH 2020
NOVEMBER 1ST 2020
NOVEMBER 15TH 2020
DECEMBER 6TH 2020
DECEMBER 13TH 2020
Mar02
Sunday opening dates 2020
APRIL 5TH          SEPTEMBER 6TH
MAY 3RD            OCTOBER 4TH
JUNE 7TH           NOVEMBER 1ST & 15TH
JULY 5TH.           DECEMBER 6TH & 13TH
AUGUST 2ND
Delivery Worldwide
We can deliver anywhere in the World. Uk customers can order online. If you are outside the uk and would like to order some of of lovely itmes email us what you are looking to buy and quanties and we will be able to get you a shipping cost.
Info@lavendersoflondon.com
Can't Find what you are looking for ?
Want to speak to somebody
Give us a call
0203 - 764 2810
Testimonials
"This place is the best the different things to buy are endless and quality is great best of all are the prices xx Thank You Lavenders of London" - Dee Slade
"Lovely staff, so helpful, great choice of stuff to plan a event. Brilliant customer service thank you so much for all your help today xx" - Sian Fishenden
"Fantastic service and very nice people. Thank you for your help and advice." - Sarah Tiffin
See more reviews on our Facebook page.
Social Media & Partners
Lavenders of London LtdAs featured on
Copyright © 2015 Lavenders of London is a trading name of Wilfred Whittingtons Ltd | All Rights Reserved | info@lavendersoflondon.com | Registered office: 6 Forest Road, Loughborough, LE11 3NP | Registered in England | Company Number 612790 |Site Designed and Supported by VISAV
Terms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies