http://www.fishex.com/privacy-policy
×
Search
Home
Privacy Policy
Thank you for taking the time to access the FishEx.com Website (“Site”) operated by Fisherman’s Express, LLC. We respect your privacy and will always do our best to protect your personal information.
Please read our Privacy Policy to learn how we achieve this.
Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and may disclose your personal information.
Our Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information.
Our Privacy Policy will also detail the measures we have taken to protect your personal information.
By visiting our Site directly or through another site, you accept the practices described in this Policy.
Our privacy policy applies to our Site. This privacy policy does not apply to any personal information collected offline. Please see below for details.
We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any website that is not managed by Fisherman’s Express, LLC. to which our Site links or that links to our Site.
Information Collection and Use
Information is collected from you in many ways on our Site.
We collect your information so that we can help provide you with a fun, efficient, and beneficial shopping experience:
Help make your shopping experience more efficient by only having to enter your information once.
Help you quickly find the products and information that you need.
Allow us to create the content that is relevant to you, our customer.
Alert you to new products, promotions, and information that we offer.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
(a) Registration and Ordering. Before using certain parts of our Site or ordering products, you will be asked to complete an online account registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to your name, shipping and billing addresses, phone number, email address, and credit card number. We may also ask you for your country of residence and/or your organization’s country of operation, and for your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill your orders, to communicate with you about your order and our Site, and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing your order, your personal information may be used to contact you.
(b) Email Addresses. Several locations of our Site allow you to enter your email address for purposes including but not limited to: to request us to notify you of new products; to sign up for email newsletters and special offers; or to receive emailed gift certificates.
(c) Cookies and Other Technology. Like many sites, the Site employs cookies and web beacons (also known as clear GIF technology or “action tags”) to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
(i) Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. Many Internet browsers are set to accept cookies. You can adjust your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of our Site. We have to use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. By allowing cookies, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase. OUR SITE’S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER’S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER’S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not “spyware.”
(ii) Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the Site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the Site can function as a web beacon.
(iii) We may use third-party advertising companies to help tailor site content to our users or to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness (such as which web pages are visited or what products are purchased and in what amount). Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any personal information collected by us.
(iv) As an example, Facebook collects certain information via cookies and web beacons to determine which web pages are visited or what products are purchased. Please note that any information collected by Facebook via cookies and web beacons is not linked to any customer's personal information collected by us.
(d) Log Files. As is true of most web sites, our Site’s server automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access our Site. We may also log your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. (An IP address may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet.)
(e) Age. We respect children’s privacy. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under age 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you.
Information Usage (Internal & External)
(a) Internal Use: We use your personal information to process your order and provide you with a personalized customer service experience. We may internally use your personal information to improve our content and layout, to improve our marketing efforts, and to determine general marketplace information about visitors to the Site. In order to facilitate such use and the other use described in this Section 2, we may share your information with affiliates under Fisherman’s Express, LLC’s control.
(b) Communications with You: We will use your personal information to communicate with you about the Site, your orders, and deliveries. Also, we may send you a confirmation email when you register with us. We may send you a service-related announcement on the rare occasions when it is necessary (for example, if we must temporarily delay shipping your package due to weather.) Also, you may submit your email address for reasons such as to request us to notify you of new products; or to sign up for email newsletters and special offers. If you submit your email address, we use it to deliver the information to you. We always permit you to unsubscribe or opt out of future emails (see the opt out section, below, for more details). Because we have to communicate with you about orders that you choose to place, you cannot opt out of receiving emails related to your orders.
(c) External Use. We want to provide you with excellent service and to offer you a great personalized shopping experience. We do not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to anyone other than to affiliates under Fisherman’s Express, LLC’s control, except that:
(i) As do most Internet retailers, we sometimes use others to perform specific functions on our behalf. When we disclose information to these service providers, we disclose information to help them to perform their service. For example, in order to deliver products to you, we must share some information. We partner with third parties (such UPS and FedEx) to ship our products, ensure delivery, and so that we can obtain feedback, improve the quality of our service, and measure and improve the quality of the service of the third party. We provide our third-party shippers with some personally identifiable information such as your name, shipping address, email, and phone number.
(ii) Similarly, to help you buy products and provide customer service to you, we must provide your credit card number to financial-services corporations such as credit-card processors and issuers. When we submit your credit card number for authorization, we use state-of-the-art data encryption to protect your information. (More on this below in Data Security.)>
(iii) We may disclose such information in response to requests from law enforcement officials conducting investigations; subpoenas; a court order; or if we are otherwise required to disclose such information by law. We also will release personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights, enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect ourselves or others. For example, we may share information to reduce the risk of fraud or if someone uses or attempts to use the Site for illegal reasons or to commit fraud.
(iv) We will not sell (or trade or rent) personally identifiable information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it is possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your personal information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect.
(v) We may share non-personal information (such as the number of daily visitors to a particular web page, or the size of an order placed on a certain date) with third parties such as advertising partners. This information does not directly personally identify you or any user.
Security Procedures & Information Protection
Our Site incorporates physical, electronic, and administrative procedures to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, including Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) for all financial transactions through the Site. We use SSL encryption to protect your personal information online, and we also take several steps to protect your personal information in our facilities. Access to your personal information is restricted. Only employees who need access to your personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to your personal information. Finally, we rely on third-party service providers for the physical security of some of our computer hardware. When you visit our Site, you access servers that are kept in a secure physical environment contained behind an electronic firewall.
Opt Out/Corrections
Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests by emailing or telephoning your request to FishEx at customerservice@fishex.com or 888-926-3474. Please do not email us your credit-card number or other sensitive information.
Offline Collection, Use, & Disclosure of Information
As you might expect, the majority of information that we collect is obtained through our Site, and this Privacy Policy applies only to the online collection of personal information. We also may collect information offline and we will also try to protect the privacy of your personal information. One example involves someone calling us to place an order or to ask questions. When someone calls, we will ask only for the personal information we need in order to place the order or to answer the question. When we need to store information (such as order information), we will enter it into our database through SSL encryption. (See the Data Security section above for more information). There are other ways we could learn of personal information offline (for example, you could send us a letter including your return address information), and this Policy doesn’t discuss or try to predict all of those methods or uses. As we mentioned, we will try to treat offline collection, uses, and disclosures consistently with our relevant online practices.
Updates to Our Policy
If we change or update this Privacy Policy, we will post changes and updates on the Site so that you will always be aware of what information we collect, use and disclose. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time so you will know if the Privacy Policy has been changed or updated. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing: customerservice@fishex.com or calling 888-926-3474.
Effective May 10, 2012.
×
×
OK
Categories
Shop ALL
Gifts
Crab
All Crab
King Crab
Snow Crab
Dungeness Crab
Crab by the Case
Crab Gift Boxes
Crab Cakes
Salmon
All Salmon
Copper River Salmon
Coho Salmon
King Salmon
Sockeye Salmon
Smoked Salmon
Shellfish
All Shellfish
Crab
Scallops
Shrimp
Whitefish
All Whitefish
Black Cod
Cod
Halibut
Sales & Specials
All Sales & Specials
Cases
Gift Certificates
Seafood Gifts
Seafood
All Seafood
Buy Alaska Seafood
Fresh Alaska Seafood
Fresh Seafood
Buy Prepared Seafood
Buy Smoked Seafood
Alaska Seafood Gifts
Christmas Seafood Gifts
Corporate Seafood Gifts
Holiday Seafood Gifts
Seafood Gift Boxes
Alaska Crab
All Alaska Crab
2020 Alaska Red King Crab
Blue King Crab
Bristol Bay Red King Crab
Broken Crab Legs (Save $$)
Buy Crab Legs
Buy Fresh Crab
Buy Jumbo Crab Legs
Buy Red King Crab
Crab Meat
Fresh Alaska Crab
Fresh Crab
Fresh King Crab Legs
Fresh Snow Crab
Giant Crab Legs
Giant King Crab Legs
Golden King Crab
Jumbo King Crab Legs
King Crab Cases
King Crab Meat
Split Crab Legs
Wholesale Crab
Wholesale Fresh Crab
Alaska Salmon
All Alaska Salmon
Buy Fresh Salmon
Buy King Salmon
Fresh King Salmon
Patagonia King Salmon
Buy Sockeye Salmon
Fresh Sockeye Salmon
Alaska Smoked Salmon
White King Salmon
Yukon River Salmon
Crab Gifts
All Crab Gifts
Christmas Crab Gifts
King Crab Gifts
Home
Shop
Account
Contact
CustomerService@FishEx.com
Call Us: (888) 926-3474
Leave a Message
More
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Reset your password
Create Account
Gift Certificates