http://www.jollygrub.com/pages/privacy-notice
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
Products
Contact Us
Store Hours
About Us
PRIVACY NOTICE
Privacy and Security Statement :We know that your privacy is very important to you. That's why protecting any personal information, such as your name, address, email address or phone number that you provide to us is of the utmost importance to JollyGrub.com. As a result, we have prepared this Privacy and Security Statement to let you know about the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the personal information you entrust to us. When you provide personal information at our Online Store, you are consenting to the manner in which JollyGrub.com will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information, as set out below. We may collect personal information that you provide us when you: Purchase, order, return, exchange or request certain information about our products and services; Visit or register with our Sites or participate in another feature of our Sites, such as a News Letters; Enter into a contest or sweepstakes or respond to one of our surveys; or Provide us with comments or suggestions. Shopping at JollyGrub.com: When you purchase products and services, you can do so anonymously when you pay with cash. If you use a credit or debit card for any of your purchases, we will collect your credit or debit card information and keep a history of your purchases. We use this information to process your orders, to ensure proper delivery, to better assist you when you visit or call us as well as to improve our product and service offerings. When you return previously purchased merchandise or request a refund or exchange, you may be asked to give your name, address, phone number and show information that identifies you, such as your driver's license. We collect this information to help prevent fraud. Online Registration: Registration is an optional service provided by our Sites. You do not have to register to browse or shop online. When you register, you are asked for personal information such as your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, a password that you select, and optionally, your interests. Your registration information may be used to help make your online shopping quicker and easier, by pre-filling certain parts of your shopping information. When you register you will have the opportunity to sign up for future marketing information from JollyGrub.com. Other Uses of Personal Information: JollyGrub.com uses personal information to continually assess and improve the products and services we offer. We would also like to inform you of products and services, sales and special offers that might benefit you. When you register online or participate in a survey, you will have the opportunity to sign up for e-mails about our products, services, sales and special offers. We may also send you mail, email or call you with information about our product and service offerings if you have provided us with your name and address, email address or phone numbers at our online store. If you would like to stop receiving such promotional information from JollyGrub.com, please let us know so we may remove you from our mailing and/or calling lists. We value your privacy, and we want you to feel comfortable with using our services.
powered by prooffactor - social proof notifications