http://www.truckchamp.com/privacy_security.html
TruckChamp.com Security Policy
and Privacy Policy
TruckChamp.com, a Division of L.O.F., Inc.
P.O. Box 4609
1739 Cassopolis St.
Elkhart, IN 46514
888-244-5908 toll free
www.TruckChamp.com
Security
Making a purchase at www.truckchamp.com is 100% safe—we guarantee it.
When we request personal information from you (such as name, address, phone number and credit card number), it is done on our secure servers.
We are so confident in our security that we guarantee you'll pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your personal credit card while shopping at truckchamp.com. Federal law limits your liability for unauthorized charges to your account. The Fair Credit Billing Act states that your credit card company (creditor) cannot hold you liable for more than $50 in the unlikely event a fraudulent charge occurs on your account. If you encounter a fraudulent credit card charge at TruckChamp.com, don't worry, we'll pay up to $50 of liability. No credit card risk-guaranteed!
In the unlikely event of a fraudulent use of your credit card at TruckChamp.com, you must notify your credit card company in accordance with its rules and procedures. Truckchamp.com only covers this liability if the unauthorized use of your card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at TruckChamp.com while using our secure servers.
Privacy
TruckChamp.com knows that you may have concerns about privacy while shopping or surfing on the Internet. This Privacy Policy describes how we use and do not use information provided to us at TruckChamp.com, and the steps we take to protect it. This Privacy Policy only applies to information collected online.
Personal information we collect online
When you make a purchase on TruckChamp.com, we ask for your name, address, phone number, email address and other personal information necessary to fulfill and track your order. For purposes of billing, you will need to provide your credit card type, number, expiration date and billing address for the card. If your order is to be shipped, we also need the name, address and phone number of the intended recipient(s).
You also may create an account through TruckChamp.com at any time by providing your email address and designating a unique access password. You do not need to create an account in order to visit our site or to place an order through TruckChamp.com. Creating an account allows you to save certain billing information so that you can track the status of your orders and set your ordering preferences. For your privacy and security, we do not store credit card or Gift Card numbers in your account. You may change saved account information at anytime. Simply go to the My Account page, log in with your email address and password, then click "Edit or View Your Account."
Occasionally we conduct surveys and contests on TruckChamp.com. If you choose to participate in an online contest, we may request information from you that will permit us to administer the contest and notify the winner(s). In addition, we may ask for other optional survey information, such as gender, age and previous shopping experience with TruckChamp.com.
Cookies and other computer information
When you visit TruckChamp.com, small text files known as "cookies" will be stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to enhance and customize your online shopping experience and improve the design of our site. These cookies store random ID numbers and site navigation information such as your first and last visits, number of visits, shopping cart contents, and the pages you viewed on our website. Cookies also may collect certain technical information from your computer. This technical information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, browser type and the address of a referring website, if any. The information stored in a cookie cannot be used to identify you personally unless combined with information that you have provided in connection with a purchase, setting up an account, or registering for promotional emails, contests, or surveys. Although IP addresses alone can reveal the location of your computer, we will use such information only to investigate and identify unauthorized activities.
TruckChamp.com uses session cookies to observe your navigation throughout the website for the purposes described above. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie and you may also erase cookies from your browser after shopping. If you delete our cookies, you limit our ability to personalize TruckChamp.com for your next shopping visit; however, deleting a cookie will not prevent you from shopping and purchasing at our site in the future. You may also set your Web browser not to accept cookies.
Is information shared with third parties?
We do not rent, sell or exchange your name or other personally-identifiable information to third-party companies for their marketing purposes. We do provide your personal information to reputable organizations that help us to fulfill your order. For example, we use companies to verify and process credit card transactions, to deliver packages, to schedule and perform product installations and to administer service programs. We may share your information with others who help us analyze sales data, maintain our records, and provide other services for TruckChamp.com such as collect site navigation information. We also may share your information with companies that act on our behalf and at our direction to notify you of additional TruckChamp.com products and services. These companies may also conduct customer satisfaction surveys and manage other customer services and benefits for us. In any case, these third parties are not authorized to use your information for any reason other than to perform their contractually assigned functions.
We may be required to disclose your personal information to third parties if necessary to comply with applicable laws, subpoenas or court orders.
How will my information be used?
Information collected on TruckChamp.com may be used in the following ways:
Schedule deliveries of merchandise that you purchase online
Create an online account for you at TruckChamp.com
Bill your credit card for your purchases
Confirm and track your orders
Make your product purchased online available for In-Store Pickup at a TruckChamp.com store
Respond to your customer service inquiries
Provide promotional communication and other information to you, if you choose to receive them
Offer the products you want
Customize your shopping experience
Improve our website design
Accessing and updating my information
You can access and correct information you have shared with us online if you have established an account with TruckChamp.com. Simply go to the My Account page, log in with your email address and password, then click "Edit or View Your Account" and edit or delete whatever information you wish. Do not share your TruckChamp.com password with anyone. If you have not established an account with TruckChamp.com then click the "Create New Account" button.
How can I decide what promotional communications I will receive?
The personal information you supply us will be added to our customer database. We may send you promotional emails about TruckChamp.com products, services or contests that we hope will be of interest. At any time, you can choose to discontinue receiving such promotional email. You can instruct us whether you want to receive such emails by removing the mark from the box indicating your preference when prompted at TruckChamp.com. Additionally, each promotional email we send contains a link allowing you to discontinue future emails from us. You also may send your request to unsubscribe at any time to customer_service@truckchamp.com the email address you wish to unsubscribe. You may also call or write us as provided in this Privacy Policy in the section below. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process.
Children's online policy
TruckChamp.com is committed to preserving online privacy for all of its website visitors, including children. TruckChamp.com is a general audience site, and we do not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from or sell products to children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using TruckChamp.com.
Privacy Protection
We protect our databases with various physical, technical and procedural measures and we restrict access to your information by unauthorized persons. Our information systems are maintained behind a software firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet. We also advise all TruckChamp.com employees about their responsibility to protect customer data and we provide them with appropriate guidelines for adhering to our company's business ethics standards and confidentiality policies.
All information transmitted through TruckChamp.com is stored on our secure server. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which is the electronic commerce standard for securing information as it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is designed to encrypt your information, preventing an unauthorized party from viewing and downloading your information. Your web browser should display a web address with an "https" prefix, indicating that the SSL technology is operating when using certain portions of our website, such as the Checkout and My Account features.
Linking to and from outside websites
TruckChamp.com sometimes provides links to other companies' websites. Unless we expressly say otherwise, a link to another website does not mean that we are responsible for, or that we endorse the content or policy of that website. When you provide information at one of those sites, you are subject to that site's privacy policy. We encourage you to read that website's policy before submitting any information if you have concerns about how information may be collected or used.
You may make a purchase from TruckChamp.com through a link from another website or search engine. You may also use an express checkout tool from another website to make a purchase at TruckChamp.com. In such event, please be aware that both TruckChamp.com and that website or search engine may have access to certain portions of your information. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to those other websites or search engines.
Whom do I contact with questions?
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, call us at:
1-888-244-5908
or write us at:
TruckChamp.com.
Attention: Consumer Affairs
1739 Cassopolis St
.
Elkhart
,
IN
46514
USA
Please remember to include your postal address, e-mail address and phone number with your correspondence.
Additionally, if you want to opt-out of promotional e-mail communications from us, you may call, write or send your request to unsubscribe at any time to customer_service@truckchamp.com from the e-mail address you wish to unsubscribe.
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy was posted on TruckChamp.com on Nov 9, 2005. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. If we make any significant change to this policy, we will provide notice of the change on TruckChamp.com.
Close Window