http://www.mangelsen.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Search
Gallery Locations
Support
Contact Us (800) 228-9686
Customer Support
Log In
Login
Email Address*
Password*
Login
Forgot Password?
Don't have an account?
Create Account
Cart 0
You have no items in your shopping cart
Add some to cart or
Mangelsen
Menu
Art
New Releases
Collector Favorites
Images by Format
Special Offer Images
Collections
Limited Edition
Collection
Artist Proof Collection
Legacy Reserve Collection
Open Edition Collection
Bronze Art Collection
Subjects
Birds
Landscapes
Mammals
Other Animals
Give the Gift of Famous Grizzly 399
See the collection
Meet the artist
Thomas D. Mangelsen
Biography
Portrait of an Artist
Awards & Honors
Media
Mangelsen Stock Agency
Events
Exhibitions
Workshops
Events
Conservation
Conservation International
Great Plains Foundation
The Cougar Fund
the Jane Goodall
Institute
The Nature Conservancy
The Wilderness Society
Shop
Books
Calendars
Gift
Card
GIVE A MANGELSEN GIFT CARD
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery is committed to protecting your privacy
when you visit our website or one of our galleries. We do not collect personal information about individuals,
such as name and mailing or email addresses, unless knowingly provided by the individual visiting our
Mangelsen.com website or one of our Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery locations. By using our website
or visiting one of our gallery locations you agree to the terms and conditions of the Thomas D. Mangelsen,
Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery Privacy Policy Terms of Use as outlined below.
Registration
You may use the Mangelsen.com website or visit one of
the Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery locations without registering or submitting any personally
identifiable information. Registration for users who request information enables you to purchase products and
services more quickly and receive our E-News updates featuring details of Tom’s photographic journeys,
new product releases, exclusive gallery events and more. You will be asked to provide personally identifiable
information that may include a username and password, your name and an email address.
Information we collect:
name
address(es) (for mailing, shipping and billing)
email address(es)
telephone/mobile phone number
credit/debit card number
device information – we may collect the type of device or mobile operating system you use to access our
platforms
other information – if you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using
How we collect your information:
you make a purchase, return or exchange
you create/use an account you set up on our website Mangelsen.com
you sign up to receive our newsletter, emails about Tom’s photographic journeys, new product
releases, exclusive gallery events, etc.
you request customer support or contact us
you engage with Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery via social media
sites (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.)
How we use the information we collect:
to communicate with you about and to complete purchase, return or exchange transactions
to provide or communicate with you about products or services
to provide interactive features of our website or gallery experiences, such as product ratings and
reviews, share with a friend, etc.
for marketing and promotional purposes, including direct mail, emails, promotions and new product alerts
to improve our website, galleries, customer support and marketing efforts
to connect, enhance and personalize our customers shopping experience across channels and devices
to conduct research and analysis and perform other business activities as needed
to protect the security and integrity of our website and our business
How long we retain your data
For users that register on our website or through one of our Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery
locations, we store the personal information you provide indefinitely in your user profile so you can purchase
products and services more quickly. All users can see, have edited or deleted their personal information at
any time.
If you have an account, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you,
including any data you have provided for us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold
about you. This does not include any data we are obligated to keep for administrative, legal or security
purposes. Please send requests to privacy@mangelsen.com
How we protect your data
Our secure server software uses industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology on our
website.
We also use third party payment providers who provide us with our PCI Compliance in web, phone and location
points of sale. Our hosting provider is Nexcess and their security practices are listed here: nexcess.net/compliance.
Purchasing Product
When purchasing product from Mangelsen.com or one of our Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery locations
we need to know your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address and credit card
information to process your order. We store this information on a secure server. Your credit card information
will be tokenized and stored on a secured server and used only as needed to process your transaction.
Transactions are only processed through our third-party payment provider Heartland Payment Systems. We will
retain your personally identifiable information for our records in order to facilitate better customer service
and to inform you of our products and promotional offers.
Emailing Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery
If you email Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery, your message and email
address may be saved and we may send you emails in order to respond to your message. Any material, business
information, ideas, concepts or other information sent will be treated as non-confidential and
non-proprietary. We will only use the information provided in your e-mail, your email address and IP address
to improve the Mangelsen.com website, services and products and to fulfill or respond to your requests for
products, services or information. We also may use your personal information to communicate with you. If you
have signed up for marketing material and you do not wish to receive mailings, you may send an email message
containing your name and postal address to privacy@mangelsen.com indicating such. If you do not wish to
receive e-news updates about Tom’s photographic journeys, new product releases, etc., you can send an
email message containing your name and email address to privacy@mangelsen.com or follow the “unsubscribe” instructions
included within each email communication. Except as disclosed in this privacy policy, Thomas D. Mangelsen,
Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery does not rent, trade share or sell your personal information
to anyone.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. The
cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but
you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept them. In order to use all the
features of Mangelsen.com, we recommend that you accept cookies. You can clear/delete the cookies that
Mangelsen.com stores by going into the privacy area of your browser and deleting history and/or cookies.
Policy on the use and disclosures of the information collected on Mangelsen.com or through a
Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery
Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery uses the personal information you provide
us for internal purposes, such as completing and tracking your transaction, analyzing trends and collecting
statistics. Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery may also compile and provide
aggregate statistics about our visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to
third parties such as Google Analytics and the Warp9 EMS marketing platform. This statistical data will not
include any personally identifying information regarding specific individual users.
If you have registered and purchased product via our website or one of our galleries or have voluntarily
submitted your information, including email address to be part of our newsletter, you may receive emails
alerting you to information, events, activities or programs at or related to Thomas D. Mangelsen that we
believe may be of interest to you. You may also be contacted to keep you apprised of promotions available on
our website or in galleries. If you do not want us to use your email address to contact you for these
purposes, you may send an e-mail message containing your name and email address to privacy@mangelsen.com to request removal.
Use of outside vendors
Email
Warp9 EMS – Email Marketing Provider and Host
Webhosting
Nexcess
Shipping
UPS
DB Schenker
AGS
USPS
Website Statistics
Google Analytics
Payment Provider
Heartland Payment Systems
Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery may at times use qualified third-party
vendors in order to help us manage Mangelsen.com and allow us to better serve our visitors and customers.
Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery requires its vendors to maintain the
security of the information to which they are provided access and restricts the vendors from using the
information in any way not expressly authorized by Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of
Nature Gallery.
We may contract with third parties who use cookies to collect information on our behalf. These parties are
required to maintain the confidentiality of this information. If you would like to opt out of this use of your
information, you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept cookies. We may
contract with companies or individuals to provide services including credit card processing, data management,
promotional services, etc. We provide these service providers with the information they need to perform these
services, but we restrict said vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by
Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery.
Linking
The Mangelsen.com and email newsletters may include links to websites operated by third parties over which we
have no control. Once you leave the Mangelsen.com website or emailed newsletter this Privacy Policy will not
apply, and you access such sites at your own risk.
Security
Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery secure server software uses
industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology and our Third Party Payment Providers are
PCI Compliant to encode your personal information, including credit card number, name and address as it
travels over the internet so that all transactions are secure. If you prefer, you may also place an order by
phone at 800-228-9686 or by contacting one of our Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery locations.
Privacy Officer:
Jason Schernikau jschernikau@mangelsen.com
Thomas D. Mangelsen Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery
800-228-9686
Privacy policy revisions
Thomas D. Mangelsen Inc. | Mangelsen—Images of Nature Gallery may revise its privacy policy at any
time, without notice, with such changes being effective immediately upon their posting on Mangelsen.com. Such
revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy or other factors. We encourage you to
periodically visit this page for our most current policy.
How to contact us:
If you wish to contact us to update information, please feel free to contact us by telephone at 800-228-9686.
You may also write us at the following address:
MANGELSEN—Images of Nature Gallery
PO Box 45429
Omaha NE 68145-0429
If you have questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or the Privacy Policy,
please feel free to contact us at privacy@mangelsen.com
Explore More
Limited Edition Collection
Artist Proof Collection
Open Edition Collection
Galleries
La Jolla, CA
Steamboat Springs, CO
Park City, UT
Jackson, WY
More
Mangelsen Stock Agency
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Sign up to follow Tom’s adventures, receive exclusive offers, and more
Submit
facebook
instagram
youtube
pinterest
© 2020 Thomas D. Mangelsen, Inc.
PrivacySitemap