http://www.greenmountaindiapers.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Returns, Terms and Conditions
Free Shipping on orders over $49, ordering and shipping information
Scroll down for Returns Information and Warranty Links
Shop for cloth diapers with confidence. Green Mountain Diapers is Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliant.  For accessibility, we do provide telephone service and are happy to assist for both information and ordering.  Call 800-330-9905.
Shipping for US Sales:
Fast shipping!
We have the best in-house order fulfillment of any cloth diaper store.
Contiguous 48-States USA orders, any size, ship for just $4.95 for orders up to $49.00*
FREE SHIPPING for all 48-states USA orders $49.00 and up.
If the order is lightweight first class shipping can be chosen for $2.95.
* Orders of $49 of actual products, that is. The purchase of a gift certificate does not count towards the free shipping threshold amount, but the spending of the gift certificate on products does count towards the free shipping threshold.
Our straightforward shipping is reasonable. And its FAST!
We ship quickly! Most orders leave here within a few hours of being placed to within 24 hours of being placed on business days, and we usually use USPS Priority mail and that's fast! If your order is large and heavy, it will ship UPS with tracking. Some very light orders may go first class. Depending on location it can be quick or at most 5 business days, but the package leaves here quickly so it's as fast as it can be.
About our shipping: 1 dozen prefold diapers actually costs $13.20 to ship in a USPS medium flat rate box. A large flat rate priority mail box really does cost $18.30, but our flat rate is only $4.95 so hey, our shipping rates are a good deal. Check this info at the USPS website. Commercial base prices are the prices we pay, not retail.
Standard Shipping Information:
We usually ship by UPS Ground or USPS Priority Mail in our discretion.Very light orders may be sent by First Class. Heavier orders will be shipped by UPS Ground, so please provide your street address, and your e-mail address if you would like your tracking number. We do ship very quickly, but if you are west of the Mississippi and ordering a heavy order (diapers are heavy, covers are light), be aware that UPS Ground can take five to eight days in transit. We usually consider an order heavy if it is 5 pounds or more, but that varies.
HI, AK and non-contiguous 48-states All orders weighing 16 ounces or greater are shipped via USPS Priority Mail.  The shipping charge is $6.95 up to 7 pounds.  Over 7 pounds, the shipping charge is $1.00 per pound and is automatically calculated on the order checkout page.
Rushed Shipping Information:  For expedited shipping, please Contact Us.
Local Pickups:  Here is the link for local pickup information. We do not have a store, but you can order online then come to the loading dock to pick up your order.
International, Canada: Green Mountain Diapers does not ship internationally. We do not accept international credit cards. More information about international shipping and some helpful links: International Shipping Information.
We sometimes require a signature to deliver your package in our discretion.  Please be sure the shipping address provided can receive a signature-required package.
Packages returned to us undeliverable or refused:
Undeliverable packages will be subject to a reduction of the actual actual postage cost paid. and a 20% restocking fee. That is, you get your money back for the items less the restocking fee and you don't get the postage that was spent back. We don't reship. You have to place a new order online. Your refund notice will be emailed to you, so you'll find out about an undeliverable package when you receive the refund email. Please double check your addresses to avoid this expensive problem. Do NOT address packages "new baby so-and-so". They won't make it. Please use a parent's name, not the baby's name, to ensure proper delivery.
Refused packages are subject to a 20% restocking fee plus a reduction of the actual shipping costs incurred. Note that UPS charges a return service fee which is not refundable. Please avoid Return To Sender packages.
Cancellations: Due to our rapid order fulfillment system, we are usually not able to change or cancel orders.   If you request a cancellation and we are able to cancel the order if it has not processed yet, we will cancel it at no charge. If the order has processed the refund may be reduced by a $3.00 order cancellation fee. This fee is to cover the credit card fees or Paypal fees and also the personnel time packing, unpacking and restocking the items takes, plus the manual accounting and paperwork that must be done to complete the cancellation. These are very real costs and this is a reasonable fee.    Often, because we do ship orders so rapidly, orders cannot be cancelled. But if we can catch an order before it ships to cancel it, a $3.00 cancellation fee is charged.   Please review your order carefully before placing it.  Sometimes a simple size or kind change is possible if the order has not shipped, but please take care to check your cart carefully before placing your order. Thank you for your help.
Address change requests: If we make an addressing mistake we will make it right at no cost to you. If the customer makes an addressing mistake and we ship it correctly to the address provided and, if the order has shipped by UPS and is correctable in the UPS system after it has shipped (USPS is not correctable) then the actual cost incurred to do the UPS Delivery Intercept, which at the time of this writing is $12.50, is a fee the customer must pay, usually as a rebill to the credit card used for the original order or a Paypal money request will be sent. Please make sure the shipping address is correct to avoid this expense and delay.
Explore what UPS has to offer in UPS My Choice to help you receive your packages.
SHIPPING TO A HOTEL
We are happy to ship your package to a hotel for you if you would like. We are not responsible, however, if the package does not arrive on time, is lost or refused by the hotel. Orders returned to us will be refunded with all shipping costs deducted from the refund.
First you will need to contact the hotel and let them know you will be receiving a package. Make a note of the hotel staff person that knows about this. Then place the order and in the Order Notes section please provide the following information:
Name of hotel guest
Dates of hotel stay
Name of person at hotel who knows about the package
Date you would like the package to arrive
Please make sure we have the best contact information for you should we have any questions.
Contact Us
Go to the Contact Us link for fastest responses. Telephone: 800-330-9905.  Local Phone: 802-254-7361.  You may call us regarding an existing order, but email is preferred.  E-mail questions you have to support @ greenmountaindiapers.com or use the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page.
Our address is Green Mountain Diapers 74 Cotton Mill Hill Unit A220, Brattleboro, VT 05301
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover/Novus and American Express cards (USA issued cards to USA addresses, plus APO/FPO addresses).
We also accept PayPal and Apple Pay.
We reserve the right to refuse to accept any orders in our discretion.
We do not accept checks or money orders.
About Declines and address matching:
It is important for your billing address and zip code to match what appears on your credit card billing statement. If your credit card provider does not provide AVS matching, your order will decline and you will not be able to order using that card. Use a different card. If the name and address do not match, your transaction will decline.
But please note - this is not us, but the way credit card banks handle declines - the bank checks the card for available funds and freezes the funds for several days, even though no money moved if the transaction declines when the address doesn't match. This is true for all businesses who require matching billing addresses for credit card approvals. So please type your billing address and zip code correctly to avoid unnecessary declines, which will make that credit unavailable to you for several days or a week. The "grab" or "temporary authorization" the bank puts on your card for this attempted transaction automatically drops off by itself. There is no need to do anything. It will disappear soon. No money moved.
Sometimes banks provide incorrect information to the Address Verification System (AVS). If you are getting an AVS decline and the address you typed matches the address on your billing statement, call your bank to get the problem fixed, and use a different card until the problem is resolved.
If you get an AVS decline and the address is correct, do NOT keep trying it again. Every attempt will cause your bank to hold that credit for a week, and that can cause other problems. If you do that and end up with a credit problem, call the number on your card and ask for "the fax number to release temporary authorizations". Then send us an email with your bank's fax number and we can fax something to your bank certifying that we will not be capturing the declines and we'll ask them to release the temporary authorizations. The banks do not have to release it but they usually do. But please don't keep resubmitting a declining transaction. Use a different card. AVS is important to protect both you and me from fraud, so we choose to use this service.
GIFT CARDS and AVS Declines:
Your Visa or other gift card will work, but first you must call the telephone number on the back of the card and register the card to your name. This will put the address information in the AVS system, which is needed in order to get an AVS match. Without an AVS match, you cannot order from us. So please register the gift card before you check out.
Using mulitple payment methods:
The trick to using more than one payment method is to use the first card you want to use to purchase a Green Mountain Diapers Gift Card for the exact amount of your Visa or other prepaid gift card, for yourself. Complete the purchase of the gift card. It arrives immediately in your email. Then you can use that gift card to buy your stuff when you checkout. This works great! Instructions are below. Please follow the steps below to accomplish this:
1. Create a gift card from our site for the exact amount of your first card or prepaid gift card (or any lesser amount if you desire). Prepaid cards must be registered to your zip code to approve, see above. Simply make the gift card out to yourself with your own email address.
2. Go to the checkout page on our website with only the gift card in your cart.
3. Select Credit Card for payment method and enter your Visa or Amex Gift Card.
4. Once you complete the checkout process you will receive an email with your gift card ID.
5. Then, when you’re ready to place your order, add all of your items to the cart and select Gift Card for the Payment Method.
6. Enter your Gift Card ID (from Step 4) and click the submit order button.
7. Our system will then apply the gift card to your order and request payment again for the remaining balance. You can use multiple gift cards.
8. Select either PayPal or Credit Card to pay the remaining balance to complete the purchase of your items.
Rushed Shipping Information:
We usually can also ship by UPS Overnight, 2 day air or 3 day air at additional cost. If you would like your order shipped by a rushed method, please indicate your preference in the "Special Instructions" section at the end of the order form, AND give us clear direction to charge the appropriate cost. If we do not have very clear authority for the increased shipping charge, we can't do it. Usually we can do the rushed shipping with your package leaving right away, but sometimes we can't. We are a small business. Typically they do go out right away, but we do not guarantee it because just in case something comes up it's possible to be short-handed. We do have a few employees but we are not a large business with depth of staff. Our pickup cutoff may be early since we are on the east coast. You will be charged the actual shipping charge only, but not the standard shipping charges. Because we are rural, we cannot ship by Express Mail through the US Post Office at all, but must use UPS Overnight for all overnight packages.
Clothing is now tax-free in Vermont! VT residents add 6% sales tax for non-clothing items: such as wet bags, pail liners, and changing pads.
We do not ship internationally, except for US military APO/FPO customers which will be shipped by US Priority Mail. We thank you for serving! Allow one extra day to process the order so we have time to fill out the customs form.
Complete washing instructions/suggestions are included in the 16 page How-To Booklet that is available with your order but you must add it to the cart to receive it.
Order Acceptance Policy
We reserve the right to decline or refuse to accept any order in our discretion.
Customers will not investigate, analyze, break apart or otherwise destroy or manipulate the structure, content, materials, or other features of the products, which voids all warranty. In addition, customers agree not to design, produce, manufacture or cause to be manufactured any product(s) incorporating any of the intellectual property contained in any of the products.
BumGenius and Flip products can only be shipped to the USA.
Defective Merchandise? Scroll to the bottom of this page.
Warranty questions? Scroll to the bottom of this page.
Scroll up to see information on undeliverable and return to sender packages.
Return Policy
Unwashed, unused items in new condition may be returned to us within 30 days for actual purchase price. Customers are responsible for shipping items back to us at their own expense. Customers may use the delivery method of their choice, however we recommend purchasing package insurance or using delivery confirmation and retaining your tracking number. Green Mountain Diapers is not responsible for packages we do not receive. If unsure of size please do not wash all of the items but try just one because washed items are not returnable. Please protect items in original plastic protective bags. We will extend the normal 30 day return window for 15 extra days for newborn items, but returns are not accepted beyond 45 days (30 days plus 15 day grace period). Shipping charges and return shipping costs cannot be refunded.
REFUNDS: The original payment method will be refunded.
EXCHANGES: Store credit is issued as a gift card which is sent to your email.
GIFT RETURNS:  When returning a gift, please enclose a copy of the receipt or let us know the name of the gift giver. We need this for proof of purchase. We do not contact gift giver. Please provide us with your email address and a store credit will be sent to you in the form of a gift card. If no contact information is provided we will need to refund the original payment method.
No RMA is necessary (you do not have to contact us first before sending items back).
Our returns address is:
Green Mountain Diapers
74 Cotton Mill Hill Unit A220
Brattleboro, VT  05301    USA
Please include your receipt or a copy of it, and write on it whether you would like a refund or store credit.
We do not charge any restocking fees for items in new condition which are in their original packaging, but we do deduct 15% if the item is in new condition but without its original packaging. Those plastic bags are important! If you are unsure about an item, please put it back in the plastic bag right away. This helps keep the items free of odors, pet hair, perfume and especially scented laundry detergent smells from other items which the new items might near. Green Mountain Diapers is a scent-free facility as we and many of our customers are sensitive to scents. Please keep all items in their bags (and keep the bags safely away from baby). Some items are individually packaged, please keep all packaging, but often we pack many items into the same plastic bag so that we use less plastic overall. The plastic bag that contained several items is the one we are referring to, not the outer box or shipping bag.
Packages, kits, quantity discounts:  We calculate these logically based on what is kept and what is returned.   For example, if you order 15 of something with a 12+ quantity discount and keep 3 of them and return 12, then the 3 you keep will cost the non-quantity discount price and the remainder is refunded. That makes sense because if you had purchased 3 in the first place you would pay the non-quantity discount price which is the result of the return calculation.  That is, you lose the quantity discount if your net purchase falls below the quantity discount level.
PLEASE allow 2 weeks to process although usually turnaround is much faster. If you need it sooner, please place a new order online for our normal quick shipping. Returns are processed once or twice a week, so allowing a week for the package to get here, and 1 week until the next return processing day worst case. Often it is faster. Thank you for your patience.
Items with perfume, essential oils, patchouli, pet hair, dirt, tobacco or other smoke, deo-disk, disposable diaper odors or other home scents cannot be returned. If the returned item has pet hair or home scents there may be a 15% restocking deduction or it may be considered not new condition and thus not returnable.  Items returned in non-returnable condition will be donated or discarded but not refunded or returned to you.
BEDDING:  Please note that all bedding items (including wool puddle pads, Snugglewool products and Disana blankets, for example), are not returnable unless unopened.
We cannot accept emailed or telephoned exchanges. Returns will be processed as indicated on the paper in the returned box. You can always place a new order online if you need something additional and it's not on the paper in the box. We are a small business, and it is very important for us to keep the return process orderly and streamlined. Thank you for your cooperation.
This return policy is as of 10/25/2017
Corrections
Please inspect your order carefully upon arrival. Please let us know within 7 days if there is an error in your order. Washed items are not returnable, so be sure to check your order and to double check size tags prior to washing.
Shrinkage
Expect shrinkage, especially of natural fibers. If unsure, try one before washing them all because washed items are not returnable. Expect shrinkage for cotton items and wool items. Fit is not guaranteed. Suggested weight ranges are only approximations and shrinkage will vary which is the normal and expected nature of natural fibers.
Images, Reviews, Contests
Images on the site are copyrighted. If you would like permission to use an image, please request it through the contact us link.
If you send us a picture or post a picture as part of a product review, you are giving us the rights to the image and we have permission to use the donated images in on the website, social media and other promotions unless you notify us otherwise and we confirm that we have received the notification. Please don't post things that you do not want public.  Reviews and images posted may be used for advertising and promotional purposes without additional compensation and become the property of Green Mountain Diapers.
We reserve the right to edit reviews posted on the site for typos or clarity.  We reserve the right to not publish any reviews in our discretion.  We don't post reviews with inappropriate language, meaning or acronyms, inaccurate information, inappropriate images or advertisements for example, in our discretion.
90 Day Warranty
Cloth-eez brand and GMD items are warranted to be free of defects in material or workmanship for 90 days from purchase. Please contact us by email if any of these items are defective. Use of bleach, dying, boiling or other improper care or washing methods invalidates the warranty. Additional warranty information about Cloth-eez Prefolds. What it doesn’t cover: Leaking, odor issues, fit, fading, staining, normal wear and tear. The warranty applies to the original purchaser only.
Defective Merchandise
How defective merchandise is handled depends on how the particular manufacturer has decided to handle them.
If your product in question is listed below, please contact the manufacturer directly. For Cloth-eez, Workhorse, GMD, Mommy's Touch, Disana, and other items not listed below, please contact us. Pretty please give us your name, or the name the order was placed under if different, and other logical information that will help us find your original order and understand what the problem is.
Moth or insect damage is not covered under warranty for any natural fiber items.
If you need a copy of your receipt emailed to you for your warranty claim, please use the Contact Us link and let us know what you need and we can email a copy of it to you. contact us.
AppleCheeks: Visit AppleCheeks website for warranty information, then use their Contact Us link to reach them regarding your warranty request. We can provide you with your original sales receipt if you contact us by email.
Babee Greens:  You can reach Babee Greens at 877-868-6259 (toll free) or contact them via the Babee Greens  website. Babee Greens has a one year limited warranty.
Blueberry: Blueberry offers a 365 day limited warranty. Fill out the online request form to receive an RA# for defective merchandise on the Blueberry Website.
GroVia: GroVia Customer Care  GroVia covers all manufacturing defects on GroVia products for one full year from the date of purchase.
Smart Bottoms: Up to one year limited warranty covering manufacturer's defects. Contact Smart Bottoms directly.
Thirsties: Warranty
Thirsties products are under a limited warranty for up to 1 year after the original purchase date. Defects include loose stitching, hole upon arrival, broken snaps, sewing workmanship, etc. Staining, fading, and potential build-up is considered normal wear and tear and does not suffice for repair or replacement.  Contact Thirsties directly if you have a problem with a defective product.
Flip and Bum Genius one year limited warranty is through Cottonbabies. Request an RMA at the Cottonbabies website.
Subscribe to the Green Mountain Diapers Newsletter Periodically we send out emails to announce sale items, seconds, and/or new products.  Please consider subscribing.  We will never sell, exchange or market your information in any way.  You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time.