http://www.driveinautosound.com/drive-in-autosound-privacy-policy/
Home
Drive-In Autosound Privacy Policy
Drive-In Autosound Privacy Policy
The Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs.What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Website.
1. Personal Information You Choose to ProvideFor example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Website URL information
Email address
Home and business phone number
In addition to providing the foregoing information, if you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone. We may also use this information to send you information about product recalls, sales, and other promotions. You will receive no more than 6 email a month. You may unsubscribe at any time.
2. Web Site Use InformationSimilar to other commercial Websites, our Website utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Website is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Website, and the Websites visited just before and just after our Website. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about new services and special offers we think you will find valuable. The lists used to send you product and service offers are developed and managed and designed to safeguard the security and privacy of our customers' personal information.
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Website. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from CookiesWe use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Website users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Website and better serve our customers. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Web site and evaluate our Website's visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you although they do permit us to send focused online banner advertisements or other such responses to you.
How Do We Protect Your Information?We utilize encryption/security best practices to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Communication Opt OutIf you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from Drive-In Autosound, you can unsubscribe by following the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you located at the footer of the communication. We can be reached by postal mail at address PO Box 49699 Colorado Springs, CO 80919, or by phone at 800-252-0800. You can email us at diasinfo@driveinautosound.com with questions, comments or suggestions.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?We may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, Website traffic patterns and related Web site information to our affiliates or reputable third parties, but this information will not include personally identifying data, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
What about Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other WebSites Linked to Our WebSite?We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein.
×
Professional InstallSee Rates
"This is the Place to Go.
I have now had 3 different cars windows tinted here.
Super job, great price, fast service, and even gave me a discount for using them so much.
Highly recommend here AAA+++"
"I went to Drive-In to get my windows tinted, and I couldn't be happier. Their product is far superior to their competitors"
"I have been a customer of this Drive In Auto Sound for over seven years now, and it's time to say I've been extremely pleased with the service I have received at this store. "
"This place is great. I bought a remote start for my son and they installed the system.
The staff is friendly and knowledgeable."
"Love my remote start. Great price and quick professional installation!"
Free shipping*on select items over $50
Sign Up For Weekly Savings!
Join our newsletter for exclusive savings.
Email Address
Quick Links
Affiliate Program
Financing & Leasing
Installation Rates
Blog
About Us
Contact Us
Store Locations
Services
Installation Gallery
Employment
Shop Our Specials
Return Policies
Sitemap
Categories
Alpine Store
Car Audio, Video & GPS
Convenience & Safety
Remote Start & Security
Window Tint & Clear Bra
Truck & Jeep Accessories
Powersports
ATV-UTV Audio
Marine Audio
Motorcycle Audio
Car Accessories
Locations
Motor City
719.634.0828
165 West Motor Way
Colorado Springs, CO 80905
Powers & Barnes
Phone:719.597.8700
Location:4335 Integrity Center Point
Colorado Springs, CO 80917
Chapel Hills
Phone:719.548.8980
Location:1749 Briargate Blvd
Colorado Springs, CO 80920
Pueblo
Phone:719.544.7722
Location:1404 HWY 50 West
Pueblo, CO 81008
© 2020 Drive-In Autosound
| Privacy Policy | Online Policy