http://www.africanaquatic.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home
Log In
African Aquatic
Malawi Stock
Tanganyikan Stock
Tank Bred Fish
Malawi Photo Gallery
Shop Menu
OSI Retail FoodsOSI Bulk FlakeOSI Bulk PelletsFry & Hatchery FoodsKoi & GoldfishFish House SuppliesSeachem ProductsCichlid PressSpecials ...New Products ...
Articles
Coming Soon...
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Home >>
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE PLACING ANY
APPLICATIONS. PLACING AN APPLICATION WILL CONSTITUTE YOUR FULL AGREEMENT WITH
THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THESE DO NOT AFFECT YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS UNDER UK
LAW.
By using our website, you agree to be bound by the African Aquatic Terms & Conditions
set out below.
All product descriptions within the African Aquatic site are correct to the
best of our knowledge. If a product is out of stock or discontinued, alternative
products to those ordered will NOT be sent unless a prior agreement is made
with the customer. All product prices in the African Aquatic Purchasing Catalogue
are in £ sterling inclusive of VAT and exclude delivery. Delivery costs are calculated and displayed at
the time of order. Prices may change frequently, but the price at the time
of ordering is the price the customer pays. Special offers are only valid for
the period specified.
Ordering
Orders can be placed online, or by telephone. If a prior agreement has been
made we can also accept orders by fax and e-mail. Please do not send credit
card details by fax or e-mail, as these are not secure. Any order placed
should be fulfilled within 5 working days; if this cannot be achieved we
will let the customer know. Orders placed will be confirmed by email, and
details sent to the customer to let them know: details of the goods ordered,
price including VAT & delivery, delivery and payment arrangements, and
their right to cancel the order.
Security
The African Aquatic site provides secure online purchasing. Click
here for information about our site security. All on line transactions
are administered on the "Worldpay" secure site.
Cancellations
Orders may be cancelled without giving a reason up to 7 days from receipt of
goods. The customer must return any goods delivered after an order has been
cancelled in original condition, and will be required to pay for the return.
We cannot accept cancellations for any products where the items have been
unsealed. The customer must cancel orders in writing, either by e-mail at ordersafricanaquatic.com or
by fax on +44 (0)1543 500998
Delivery
Delivery times may vary from product to product. Delivery in the UK will usually
be made within 5 working days (subject to availability). Overseas deliveries
may require additional time. Due to circumstances beyond our control delivery
targets may not always be possible to achieve, but notification will be sent
to the customer to tell them the delivery details of each order placed. Delivery
details will be sent to the customer when the order is confirmed. The cost
of delivery is per order and can vary from order to order. The delivery price
will be shown at the time of order and also sent out as part of the order
confirmation. Deliveries will normally be made from Monday to Friday. In
the unlikely event that goods are damaged during transit, the customer must
write Damaged on the drivers sheet when signing for the delivery, and
must contact us immediately on +44 (0)1543 579000
Returns Policy
If goods are faulty upon delivery, or you wish to return them for any reason
we must be notified within 7 days, and the goods must be returned to us in
their original condition for a refund or replacement. Please refer to the
guarantee details provided with the goods. Refunds will be given at the discretion
of the Company Management. To request a return, the customer must call +44
(0)1543 579000. They will be issued with a returns number, which we need
to be clearly written on the side of the package. Do not write on the product
packaging. The goods must be returned in their original condition and securely
packaged. The goods must be sent to: - African Aquatic, Returns Department,
PO Box 10, Cannock, Staffs, WS11 1WF, United Kingdom. For the customers
own protection, we recommend that the customer use a recorded delivery service
for returns. Once we have received the goods we will process the refund or
replacement within 14 days. No returned goods will be accepted without a
returns number.
Other Information
Health & Safety. If goods supplied by African Aquatic are not used correctly,
for the purpose for which they are designed, and according to their instructions,
there is potential for health or safety risks. We accept no liability for these
risks.
Liability
African Aquatic will not, under any circumstances, be liable for any consequential
or indirect damages and losses outside our reasonable control.
Retention of Title
All goods supplied by African Aquatic, remain the property of African Aquatic
until paid for in full.
Payments & Refunds
Payments can be made in several ways. Orders can be placed securely online
using any of the following credit or debit cards: - Visa, Mastercard, Connect,
Delta, Switch, Solo & JCB. Payments will be taken from the cards before
the goods are dispatched. The customer can apply for a credit account, and
if accepted can then pay on account. The customer can also pay by cheque.
Cheques need to clear before we can dispatch the goods. While we will take
all reasonable care to keep the details of the customers order secure, we
cannot be held liable for any loss suffered, except where there is culpable
negligence on our part. Normal credit card guarantees against fraudulent
use apply to the customers Internet transactions.
Payment refunds will be made for faulty goods within 14 days following receipt
of the returned goods. For credit card accounts, the card will be credited
and notification will be sent to the customer. For cheque accounts, a cheque
will be sent with a notification. For credit accounts, we will issue a credit
note. All shipping costs will only be refunded if the goods are proved faulty
or were delivered in error.
Warranty
African Aquatic do not provide guarantees; the product manufacturers guarantees
and conditions will apply
Customer Service
You can contact us at African Aquatic at the following address: - African Aquatic,
PO Box 10, Cannock, Staffordshire, WS11 1WF. Alternatively you can phone
on +44 (0)1543 579000, or fax us on +44 (0)1543 500998 during office hours.
(Standard call rates apply.) You can contact us by email at info@africanaquatic.com.or
simply fill out our enquiry form
Complaints
Any complaints the customer may have must be sent in writing to the address
above but clearly marked for the Complaints Department, or by our complaints
form submission. Click here for details of
our complaints procedure.
Privacy Policy
African Aquatic will not disclose "buyers" information to third parties.
Cookies are used on this shopping site, but only to keep track of the contents
of your order once you have selected an item. Click here for more details of
our privacy policy.
Remittance Terms
Terms for each account are individual to the customer. Late payment may result
in interest being charged on overdue amounts at 4% above National Westminster
bank base lending rate
Back
Search
Advanced Search
|
Home  |
Contact Us |
Shipping & Returns |
Privacy  |
Conditions |
Site Map|
Copyright © 2020 African Aquatic