https://www.pressurepositive.com/privacy-policy/
Home
|
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is as important to us as it is to you. We are committed to keeping your information private. Rest assured that when you shop at www.pressurepositive.com your privacy will never be jeopardized. At no time will The Pressure Positive Company share, sell or rent any information we receive about you without your consent.
How We Use "Cookies" The Pressure Positive Company uses a feature of your web browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your browser places on your computer's hard drive. We use these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through our site, to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited www.pressurepositive.com previously, and to help us determine whether you came to www.pressurepositive.com from a particular internet link or banner advertisement. The Pressure Positive Company does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.
The Information We Collect Throughout our web site, you can order products, make inquiries, and register to receive materials. The personal information we request includes:
Name
Address
E-mail address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
The Way We Use Your Information We use the information you provide about yourself or someone else when placing an order is only used to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Commitment to Data Security Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information. If you do not wish to receive any mailings from us please click here to unsubscribe from our mailing list.
Order Transactions Security The Pressure Positive Company uses a 128 Encryption Bit Method ensuring your data is safely transmitted through our web site.
Shop Massage Tools
Shop Professional Courses
Shop Self Help Guides
Email Sign Up
Join us
How can we help?
We are happy to answer any questions you have about our massage tool products or provide order assistance. Click here to get in touch with us for any reason
About Us
About Pressure Positive
Blog
Pressure Positive Story
Testimonials
Resource Center
Terms of Use
Customer Care
Store Locator
Contact Us
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
My Account
My Account
My Cart
Login
Privacy Policy
Terms
Sitemap
Receive a free Knobble II with every online retail purchase! *International orders excluded.
twitter
facebook
youtube
google +