https://www.purplesunrise.com/privacy-policy/
£3.95 DELIVERY.
OVER £20 FREE (UK mainland ony)
Home
Privacy and Cookie Policy
Privacy and Cookie Policy
This privacy policy sets out how PurpleSunrise.com uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website. PurpleSunrise is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.This privacy policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them
Overview
Maintaining the security of your data is a priority at PurpleSunrise and we are committed to respecting your privacy rights.  We pledge to handle your data fairly and legally at all times. We are also dedicated to being transparent about what data we collect about you and how we use it.This policy, which applies when you visit us online, via your mobile device or physically in our store, provides you with information about:
How we collect and use your information
Who do we share it with
Marketing messages
Seeing adverts online
How we protect your data
How long we keep your data
Your rights
Cookies
How to contact us
How we collect and use your information
We use your information in a number of different ways and what we do with it depends on the information. You do not have to give us any personal information but if you decide not to you may not be able to buy from our site and you are unlikely to receive our optimal customer experience.  We process your personal data to meet our legal, statutory and contractual obligations and to provide you with our products and services.
The personal data we collect is as follows:
Your on-site browsing behavior, including the products and pages you have viewed, IP address and browser details etc.
Your name, email and telephone.
Your organisation details, if provided.
Your addresses, payment details and any other data you provide as required for processing your orders and returns. Please note we do not store your payment details from online transactions.
Communication between us, including emails , text messages and telephone calls.
Gift card details.
Other data entered into our site for specific purposes, for example the creation of wishlists.
Any other data collection is detailed at the point it is collected in a separate notice.
How we use your data
We use your name and contact details to:
Deliver your purchases to you
Send you service messages by text, e-mail or through social media, such as order updates
Send you information by email or text about our new products and services and send out fabric swatches
Prevent and detect fraud
Show you adverts as you browse the web
Find out what you and our other customers like
We use your payment information to:
Take payments and give refunds
Prevent and detect fraud
We use external payment systems such as Worldppay & PayPal to process all our online payments. All these systems have their own security. We do not store your credit card details and we do not store your card’s security/CVV code.
We use your contact history with us (phone, email, post) to:
Provide customer service and support
We use your purchase history and saved basket items to:
Sell you things
Provide customer service and support and handle returns/exchanges
Find out what you and our other customers like
We use information when you browse our website using your phone or computer to:
Improve our website by noting your IP address and device type
Protect our website
Show you products that are relevant to you via a personalisation engine
We use information from accounts you link to us through Facebook and Twitter to:
Provide you with product recommendations
Show you adverts for relevant products
We use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions to:
Run the survey, competition or promotion
Improve our customer service to you
Improve our product range
Sharing your information
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party. This includes your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
We do however share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you:
Companies that require information to get your purchases to you, such as delivery companies, finance providers and payment service providers
IT companies who support our website and other business system
Professional service providers such as marketing agencies, advertising partners, Feefo review site and website hosts, who help us run our business
Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud
Google, Facebook and Instagram to show you products that might interest you while you're browsing the internet. We'll also use your data to identify other internet users who share similar interests. This is based on your acceptance of cookies on our website. For more information about the cookies we use, please see cookie policy.
External payment providers where you choose to use their payment service (Worldpay, PayPal etc)
Marketing messages
If you have agreed we will send you marketing messages by email, to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products.
How to stop marketing messages from us
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time. You can do this through your account settings, by clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email or by contacting us directly (see our Contact Us page)
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages but please be aware that it may take a few days for all our systems to be updated and that you may receive messages from us while we process your request.
Stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications such as order updates or customer service messages. Seeing adverts online
We engage in online advertising to keep our customers aware of what we are up to and to help you see and find our products more easily.
We target advertising banners and ads to you when you are on other websites and we do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges. We may use a range of advertising technologies and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks.
The banners and ads you see will be based on information we hold about you.
How we protect your data
We take your privacy and data security seriously and we take every reasonable measure and precaution to protect and secure your personal data. We work hard to protect your information from unauthorised access, alteration, disclosure or destruction and have several layers of security measures in place
We secure access to all transactional areas of our websites and apps using 'https' technology.
We regularly monitor our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks using security metrics.
Keeping your information
We will hold on to your information for as long as you have your account or for as long as it is needed to be able to provide the services to you.
If for any reason we are required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse or enforce our terms and conditions, we may keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account, or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
Your rights
Regarding your personal information you have:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it
The right to stop direct marketing messages and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
The right to complain to your data protection regulator (the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK) but we hope you would contact us first so we can resolve any issues for you
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How to contact us
If you would like to contact us for any of the following reasons:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint
Then please do so via post at
Data PrivacyPurpleSunrise701 Southchurch RoadSouthend-on-SeaSS1 2PW
By phone on 01702 615746or by email at privacy@purplesunrise.com