https://www.fidopetproducts.com/pages/legal/privacy/
Shipping DelaysDue to shipping delays at UPS, FedEx and USPS, they are unable to guarantee delivery times. While we process your order immediately, the shipping carrier may have a delay outside of our control. Rest assured you will receive your item(s), they may arrive a day or two later then expected.
Thank you for your patience and as always, we hope that you and your pets stay safe and healthy.
Shipping DelaysDue to shipping delays at UPS, FedEx and USPS, they are unable to guarantee delivery times. While we process your order immediately, the shipping carrier may have a delay outside of our control. Rest assured you will receive your item(s), they may arrive a day or two later then expected.
Thank you for your patience and as always, we hope that you and your pets stay safe and healthy.
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting this website, which is owned and operated by Fido Pet Products, LLC, also referenced within as "Fido Pet Products".
Fido Pet Products is a provider of safe and fun supplies for active dog-owners and their pets.
We strive to deliver excellent quality products that focus on an active lifestyle on land, in water or on the go.
This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal information is collected and used.
Personal Information We Collect
You may browse many sections of our website without providing any personal information about yourself.
For example, you can review our offerings, or read about our company and its management.
However, if you choose to register for one of our services, purchase products from us, ask us a question through our Contact Us form, contact us through email or by phone, or submit your business idea or plan, we must necessarily collect certain information from you.
Occasionally, Fido Pet Products may invite you to participate in a survey or poll such as providing testimonials or feedback on our website site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey.
Cookies and Other Anonymous Web Tracking Techniques
Like most websites, we use "cookies" on our website to help us serve you better on future visits, and to help us evaluate and improve the content or functions of our site.
A cookie is a small text file which is sent by a website, accepted by a web browser and then placed on your hard drive.
The information collected from these cookies, in combination with sessions, which are stored on our web servers, lets us know that you visited our site in the past, and helps you avoid having to re-enter information on each visit in order to use some of our products or services.
You can always set your browser to refuse all cookies from this and other websites that you may visit.
This will provide you with more control over the acceptance of cookies on your hard drive.
However, it is possible that some portions of this website will not function properly or may perform more slowly if you choose to reject cookies.
Sharing Your Information
Fido Pet Products does not share or sell any personal information that you provide to us through our website for separate use by any third party.
We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, service providers, and authorized distributors to the extent that they are assisting Fido Pet Products in fulfilling your request for information, products, services, or assistance. If we do so, the recipients are required to safeguard your information in a manner consistent with the protections that Fido Pet Products has put in place to protect your information.
From time to time, we will also provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties who help us improve our business and services, but these statistics do not include any personally identifying information.
We may also be required to share certain personal information for legal reasons, such as in response to regulatory inspections that the government conducts to ensure compliance, or in response to a subpoena or other legal order.
If so, we limit the information to that which is required.
Please note that for the most part, government agencies are also required to adhere to privacy and security standards for any data that they receive.
In the event that we sell, assign or transfer all or part of the Fido Pet Products business, we may transfer your personal information to the buyer.
However, the buyer, assignee, or transferee will be required to safeguard your personal information in a manner that is consistent with the requirements in this Privacy Policy.
Safeguarding Your Information
Consistent with applicable laws and requirements, Fido Pet Products has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, alteration, theft, unauthorized access, or unauthorized disclosure.
We evaluate these safeguards on an ongoing basis to help minimize risks from new security threats as they become known.
If you are providing sensitive personal information to us through our website, such as medical information or credit card details (for billing purposes), please be sure that the computer you are using to do so has up-to-date anti-virus software in place, to minimize the risk of any access to your information before it reaches us.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
This website is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age.
If we learn that we have directly collected information from anyone under the age of 13, we will purge that information immediately, except to the extent that it is needed for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from the child or his or her parent or guardian.
Right to Update or
Access Your Information
Fido Pet Products takes reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data is accurate and up-to-date for the purposes for which it was collected.
We encourage you to contact us to update or correct your information if it changes.
Consistent with legal requirements, we also permit you to obtain a copy of information that we hold about you, and also allow you to unsubscribe from any services that we offer, if you no longer want to participate.
Please email us at info@fidopetproducts.com.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by Fido Pet Products. You should carefully review the privacy policies and practices of other websites, as we cannot control and are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of third-party websites that are not ours.
For links to other Fido Pet Products websites, please review the privacy statements on those sites as well, as they may differ from those on this website.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
As we continue to provide additional services and as the privacy laws and regulations evolve, it may be necessary to revise or update this Policy.
We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time, as you return to our site, so that you are familiar with any changes.
Please note that we use personal information in accordance with the privacy policy that was in effect at the time the information was collected.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, please email us at info@fidopetproducts.com, or call us at (317) 610-0164.
Last Updated: February 04, 2014Document ID: FPP0001.022015.R01