https://www.frys.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Left_Topics/A5CheckingOut
Frys.com Help - Checkout
Checkout
Our 3-Step Checkout is designed to make the online ordering process as simple as possible, but if you do have difficulty ordering, check out the overview below for some helpful information.
Can't find the information you need? Please email one of our friendly Sales Associates at sales@cs.frys.com for assistance.
Please have your credit card information available when placing an order by phone. Orders are also accepted via fax at 1-408-487-4700.
Applying a PromoCode to a Frys.com Order
To use your personal PromoCode at Frys.com, enter the code you received via email in the field labeled "Enter Promo Code" on the Cart page and click "Apply." Then, click "Ship This" to continue checking out.
Placing your order for In-Store Pickup?
You can save time by putting in your PromoCode when reserving your item for pickup!
Please note: Personal PromoCodes may only be used on select items at Frys.com, as indicated in the promo code email containing that deal.
Haven't registered up to receive your personal PromoCode deals?
Sign up at Frys.com/SignMeUp
Checkout Overview
The checkout procedure at Frys.com is an easy-to-follow three-step process.
Step 1: Submit credit card and billing information as it appears on your credit card. Choose shipping address.
Step 2: Check the items and quantities ordered and select shipping method. Submit order.
Step 3: Receive summary of order request and order number.
The order number is used to track the order and is used by Customer Service if additional information is needed.
Checkout: Step 1
In Step 1, you can bill your purchase to your credit card. We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, and Discover. Simply select the type of card you wish us to bill.
If you prefer, we do accept forms of payment other than credit cards. To learn about these other payment options, click on the Payment Information link under Ordering. Simply enter your billing information as it appears on your credit card statement. If the billing information you provide is different from the information on file with your credit card company, they will not approve the purchase and your order will be delayed.Please include your daytime telephone number so we can reach you quickly if we have any questions about your order. While we will usually use e-mail to contact you, we would like the opportunity to call you rather than hold up your order for a day. Orders placed without a phone number and a valid e-mail address will not be processed.
If you wish to ship your order to an address other than your billing address, please click the "Ship my order to a different address" button at the bottom of the page. Select this option if you entered a P.O. Box address in the billing information. If the shipping address is different from the credit card billing address your order may be delayed for verification.
After you have entered all the information requested, click on the "Continue to Next Step" button to continue to Step 2.
Checkout: Step 2
Step 2 allows you to review your billing and shipping information and to make changes if necessary. You also have the opportunity to check quantities, prices, and totals.
All orders shipped to AZ, CA, CO, GA, HI, ID, IN, IL, KY, ME, MI, MN, NC, ND, NJ, NV, OK, RI, SC, SD, TN, TX, VT, WA, WI, and WY are subject to state and local sales tax, as applicable.
You are given the opportunity to select the shipping method in Step 2. You can choose from Ground Service, 3-Day Select, 2nd Day Air, or Overnight Delivery for domestic orders. Please note that we default to ground shipping if a shipping method is not selected.
If the shipping address includes an APO or FPO Box, the ship method will default to USPS Priority Mail.
Once Step 2 is complete, you can submit your order by clicking "submit order request."
Checkout: Step 3
Step 3 assigns your order number and provides a summary of your order request. We also send an e-mail copy of the information you provided. We reserve the right to request additional information and verification, which may result in a delay in processing your order.
If you do not receive an email from us within 24 hours of placing your order, please email a friendly Customer Service Associate at service@cs.frys.com.
Order Request
Once we have received your order request, we send you an e-mail copy of the information we received. If you do not receive an email from us within 24 hours of placing your order, please email a friendly Customer Service Associate at sales@cs.frys.com.
jback114