http://www.russte.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us.
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online
information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make
this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of every page.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the RusSte, Inc. website. On some pages, you can
order products, make requests, and register to receive materials.
The types of personal information collected at
these pages are
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order.
We do not
share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose
and are not shared with outside parties.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to
the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated
uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in
place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect
online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.
For that reason, we never collect or maintain
information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to
attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can contact us at any time regarding your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain.
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly
shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting
access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email.
Home |
Products |
Orders |
Download |
Support |
Links |
Contact
©1998-2020 RusSte, Inc. All rights reserved.
Last Updated: Friday, January
3, 2020 at
5:08:51 am EST
Privacy Policy | Contact Webmaster