https://www.acclaim-music.com/policy/terms-and-conditions#freeshipping
Terms and Conditions
Shop by Phone, Shop in-store or Shop Online
You have several different ways to shop with Acclaim Sound & Lighting.
Shop by Phone
Call Toll Free 1-888-472-0070 or 1-705 472-0070
Mon-Fri: 9am - 7pm
Sat: 12pm - 5pm
Sun: 12pm - 5pm
Visit one of our locations! Brick and Mortar Shopping
Mail Order Enquiries, Sales & Service of Musical Instruments, Drums, Guitars, Folk, Keyboards, Studio & Recording Gear.
Billing Address:
Acclaim Sound & Lighting RETAIL OUTLET
755 Main Street East, North Bay, Ontario
P1B 1C2
Toll Free 1-888-472-0070
or 1-705-472-0070
Fax: 1 705 472 0020
Directions
Hours of operation
Mon-Fri: 9am - 7pm
Sat: 12pm - 5pm
Sun: 12pm - 5pm
Rental and Sales of PA systems, AV, DJ Gear, Stage Lighting, Installations, Consulting, Operations, Logistics
Shipping Address:
Acclaim Sound & Lighting WAREHOUSE OUTLET
#8 - 191 Booth Road, North Bay Ontario
P1A 4K3
Phone: 1-705-476-6771
Directions
Hours of operation
Mon-Fri: 10am - 5pm
Sat: 11am - 4pm
Sun: Closed
Shop by Email / Chat
Use our new chat feature below.  If the chat service is unavailable please send us an email...  Click here to continue..
Shop On-Line / Website Orders
Placing your order (Stage 1)
We have thousands of items available for sale. To make a purchase, find the item you want easily by performing a quick search (white box near top of page....type in a word or short phrase and hit the "enter" button on your keyboard). You can also find items by clicking the links to any of our departments or by browsing our specials pages. To purchase an item you will need to "add" the item to your shopping cart. The shopping cart keeps a running tally of the items. You can easily add or remove items from your "cart" at anytime. To do so....click the "view cart" link and you will be taken to a special page which will list all of the items in your cart and show you any discounts or special notes which may apply to your items. When you have finished adding items to the cart, you will need to click on "checkout" where you will need to specify a payment method and shipping options. If you have not yet created a user account, you will need to complete a few details regarding your name address and contact information. You can check out as a guest or create an account with a login and password to check order status and see order history. After you have submitted your order, an email will be sent to you and your order will be held in queue until verified or processed.
Order Verification (Stage 2)
Interac Debit or Interac Email cash transfer transactions are not subject to order verification procedures. Please ensure that all information provided is accurate and that shipping information is clearly detailed. Orders paid with Interac are instantly processed during weekday business hours.
Purchase orders / Cheque orders are not subject to order verification, however our customer service team will need to contact you between 9am and 5pm Eastern standard time (Monday to Friday not including holidays). to ensure that we have the correct information and to assist with further order processing.
All credit card / paypal / paybright orders processed on our website are subject to order verification processes which protect you in the event of identity theft and fraud. Our secure servers accept your transactions, however they are not fully processed until we complete the verification process which may include a telephone call or email follow up. Please ensure that you have provided us with a verifiable daytime telephone number along with your order. All credit card / paypal / paybright orders will be verified between 9am and 5pm Eastern standard time (Monday to Friday not including holidays). To expedite the order verification process, please ensure that you have a copy of your order and have ready access to all information provided on the order. All order verification phone calls may be recorded for security purposes and may be monitored for quality assurance programs. We respect your privacy and we want to fight fraud in the safest and most secure manner. Order verification processes are the only acceptable method to ensure that the information you provide to us can never be intercepted by a third party. Rest assured that you are buying with privacy and confidence at all times when using our website.
Changes or substitutions to your order can be easily handled during your verification phone call. If you forgot to add that "all important item" no problem, our customer service team will gladly assist you.
Stage 2 processing will also indicate whether an item is back ordered and an ETA will be provided to you during the discussion with the verification team.
Order Processing (Stage 3)
After your order has been verified with our processing team, you will receive a final "Retail Invoice or Sales Receipt" in PDF format via email indicating the items you have purchased, shipping method chosen, payment method acceptance and all relevant information related to your order. The "retail invoice / sales receipt" will detail any items changed or modified with the order processing team and will provide estimates and warehouse locations for the items being shipped to you. (please examine this PDF document closely as it will be the last chance to make a change before moving to Stage 4.) All orders processed before 2pm Eastern Standard time are usually shipped out the same day, but, due to seasonal volume fluctuations, orders may ship the next business day unless special priority shipping arrangements have been made.
Packing and Shipping (Stage 4)
Our warehouse team receives a copy of your order and items will be packed and shipped according to your specifications from our retail warehouse or region specific warehouses depending on the items contained in your order. Our warehouse staff are very careful to pack your order in the best manner possible to ensure the items arrive at your door in excellent condition.
Tracking Information (Stage 5)
When your order has been packed and shipped our shipping department will send you a PDF document by email as an attachment.  PLEASE OPEN THE PDF document to view tracking information.  The attachment will be labelled "Invoice" or "Sales Receipt" and the tracking information will be noted in the document along with the date of shipment.  Tracking information will not appear in the email message body. To track your shipment simply follow the instructions contained in the email from our shipping department. Note... depending on shipping method chosen some items may be more difficult to track such as LTL or large items shipped via trucking companies as their systems are only updated as items pass thru major terminal points. If your item is being shipped from a region specific warehouse we do not have immediate access to their shipping systems, but if you call or email we can gladly respond to your request for tracking information within a 24 hour period on most business days. Your PDF document will often indicate DROP SHIP when an item is coming from a region specific warehouse.  Please note that our region specific warehouses are not open on weekends and we are not able to respond to tracking info requests when they are closed. Tracking information will also be updated in your online account profile in the near future and if you are logged into your account, order status and tracking information will be visible. EFFECTIVE DATE T.B.A.
The advertisements on the Site are invitations to you to make offers to purchase products and services on the Site and are not offers to sell. Our acceptance of an order will be deemed once a shipping notice has been dispatched to you via email, and at which time forms a legally binding contract with Acclaim Sound and Lighting.
Risk of Loss
Risk of loss and title for items purchased from Acclaim-music.com pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier or, if such items must cross an international border, then risk of loss and title pass to you when they clear customs.
Returns, Refunds and Title
Acclaim-music.com does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our warehouse or distribution centre. At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. In this situation, Acclaim-music.com does not take title to the refunded item. For more information about our returns and refunds, please see our Returns Policy.
We reserve the right to terminate any order for any reason, including, but not limited to: a) where goods are not available; b) where payment authorization cannot be obtained; or c) in the event of a pricing or product description error. If your order has been terminated due to a pricing mis-print, an opportunity will be made available for you to purchase the product at the correct price plus an appropriate price reduction. We shall provide you with an appropriate discount on the product containing the pricing error or incorrect description.
Lowest Prices Guaranteed!
Found a lower price with tax and delivery to a Canadian address? It might appear to be cheaper somewhere else but when you look at the "delivered to your door price including taxes and delivery" We can't be beat!!
If you find a better price delivered to your door....We'll beat it by 10% of the difference up to 30 days from the date of purchase.
Plus we don't charge a membership fee!  This offer applies to New in-stock items sold by an Authorized North American dealer. Call 1 888 472 0070 or use the chat window to shoot us a message. We'll be glad to help!
Other Savings and Benefits
No Duty or Brokerage Fees for orders within Canada and most orders to USA*
No currency conversion Fees
Canadian Warranty - No surprises.
Ask about coupon codes and special discounts!
Available to Educators, Government, Associations, and bulk purchase. Call or email today to get your access to these special programs. Don't forget to follow us on facebook for top secret offers or sign up for our newsletter to get access to advanced shopping cart features like wishlists, request a quote, order history, invoice lookups and more.
All price match requests will be examined on a case by case basis. Please call our toll free number 1 888 472 0070 for more information. Please note that all price match requests will require verification which can cause slight delays in order processing.
If you find a lower legitimate advertised price after purchase, including our own price, on an item of the same brand and model number within 30 days of purchase, Acclaim will refund you the difference in the form of a Credit Memo, Gift Card or Gift Certificate
FREE Shipping Allowance & GIANT Shipping Discounts
Thousands of items ship for Free or super cheap!
For all prepaid orders over $99.00*
or Choose In store pickup - no shipping fees
Free Insurance of $100 on all orders
Safe and Secure Ship to Depot option available in checkout
Same Day Shipping on in-stock items not including weekends!**
Here's how it works.
To find out if an item(s) ships for free.. or if a Giant shipping discount will apply, use our handy shipping estimator.
All rates are based on items in your cart,  your shipping address and the combined weight and size of boxes required to ship your order safely. Our system gets the best rates from multiple delivery companies and then applies a giant discount or free shipping.
The shipping estimate will show:
1.) FREE Shipping $0.00 or
2.) A super cheap shipping rate.
PLUS, you get multiple shipping options. (You get to choose!)
Insider TIP- large value orders almost always get free shipping...but this all depends on the type of merchandise and your shipping address.
Improved shipping rates to the USA. + Items under $400 will ship duty and brokerage free via Courier Ground service to USA, items over $400 are typically charged 5% of product value for duty and brokerage collected at time of delivery and may vary with courier selection. No Duty or Brokerage Fees are applied to orders within Canada.
NOTES: All transactions are processed in CAD funds.The Free Shipping Allowance is applied to all couriers and rush delivery options in Canada and USA. The amount will vary with your order total and the items contained in the order. Larger orders = Larger Shipping Discount or Free Shipping
*All Orders will be shipped complete unless other arrangements have been made at time of order processing.
*Estimated delivery times do not include order processing time or musical instrument setup.  Estimated delivery times begin on the day you receive your tracking number via email.
*See Free Shipping Offer and Terms of Sale Policy for more details
** Orders placed before 2PM on business day
* These incredibly complicated calculations are performed by a team of robots working at the North Pole that use a variety of wind up toys and balls of string along with a gigaplexic computer to deliver the best rates possible :)
Ship to Depot Option- Safe and Secure Shipping (faster, safer, better).
Don't want your valuable package left at your doorstep when you're not home?
Don't want your new gear bouncing around town in a truck all day?
Don't want the wife to find out about the new Guitar!
We can help!
Courier companies offer thousands of safe and secure pickup depot locations within Canada. We sell a lot of expensive items that need special care.. unlike DVD's or widgets that can be stuffed in your mailbox. It's really hard to fit a guitar into a mailbox ...and yep...we tried... :) We have discovered that shipments to a depot offer far greater security for our clients and have adopted these locations as the best method possible to get your packages delivered safely, securely and with lowered risk of damage. Packages are not abandoned to freeze on your doorstep when you're not at home and items arrive quicker to the depot than to your address.  We offer safe and secure shipments to the nearest Courier DEPOT for all Canadian customers when the option is selected in the checkout.
Valid Signature Required.
If your order is paid by credit card / paypal / paybright we will ship to the nearest depot for your security and items will not be left at your doorstep. Many items that we ship are high value.  If your order uses this type of payment we require your original signature and Identification at time of delivery (proof of delivery) which is often better handled at a depot location and offers better safety, security and quicker delivery times. If you need help Call 1 888 472 0070 or email us.
Apartment Buildings
Due to high risk of theft, shipments to apartment units are by default sent to the closest courier depot when an order is placed via credit card / paypal / paybright. If you don't want your shipment sent to depot by default, please consider using interac online or interac e-transfer or business cheque as your payment method or discuss with our staff as we can make different arrangements for delivery such as shipping to a registered work address.  Interac online or Interac e-transfer payments allow us to ship to any valid Canadian address you specify including apartments.
Free Shipping Insurance
We automatically provide $100.00 of shipping insurance to every order at no cost. If you would like additional insurance on the value of your order, please specify this in your checkout notes. Insurance is available in increments of $100.00 and typically equates to 3% - 6% of your order value in additional fees. Our customer service team will provide you with an insurance quote upon request.
Risk of Loss
Risk of loss and title for items purchased from Acclaim-music.com pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier or, if such items must cross an international border, then risk of loss and title pass to you when they clear customs.  For items of higher value, we strongly encourage that you purchase shipping insurance as our free coverage only provides $100.00 of insured value.
Returns, Refunds and Title
Acclaim-music.com does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our warehouse or distribution centre. At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. In this situation, Acclaim-music.com does not take title to the refunded item. For more information about our returns and refunds, please see our Returns Policy.
Musical Instruments Shipping
All musical instruments undergo a thorough 65 point inspection prior to shipment. Photos are taken of the actual instrument prior to being boxed.  Instruments are typically setup for a medium action prior to shipment. If a different setup is required, please discuss with our staff prior to shipment.  Inspection and setup typically adds one business day to shipping transit times.  We double box most musical instruments, factory carton plus outer shipping carton.  If the item includes a hardshell case or hard padded bag at time of purchase, these items will ship in either their factory carton or shipping carton.  If you are considering a musical instrument purchase, we highly recommend that a hardshell case or hard padded gig bag such as a TRIC case is purchased.  Shipping an instrument inside a Hardshell case or hard padded bag significantly reduces the risk of damage in transit by almost 90%. We want to ensure you are happy with your instrument, enclosing it in a suitable Case or bag prior to shipment really helps to keep it in great shape and maintain playability when it arrives to you. We will glady assist with a proper case selection if you give us a call or email.  Our goal is to put a beautiful instrument in your hands that is playable out of the box.
Oversize/Overweight definition - also see cubed shipping weight.
Multi piece packages and some items weighing more than 35lbs (cubed shipping weight) may be deemed as oversize as they are much more expensive to ship. Items such as large speakers, digital pianos, fluids sold in case quantity are some examples. These items will ship for Free or receive a Free Shipping Allowance based on order value and delivery destination.  Due to courier restrictions some oversize items may only be able to ship to the nearest Freight Depot.  Please call us directly if you require further information at 1888 472 0070. We are here to help!
Our customer service team goes the extra mile to ensure your delivery is safe, secure and well packaged for shipment.
International / Overseas Shipments
Shipping outside of North America is very expensive. Typically these shipping rates are about the same price as buying a plane ticket. We will gladly provide a shipping quote for you when requested. To determine a shipping cost to your country.. use some of the courier websites below to determine a ballpark idea on shipping cost. Credit Cards and Paypal are not accepted for overseas shipments. Orders must be paid in full using international wire transfer in advance.
Air Freight/Rush Shipping Services
Rush / Air service is available by selecting the service at checkout or by calling us toll free at 1 888 472 0070. If you need it fast, please ensure to follow up with our customer service team by phone as soon as the order is placed. (Rush / Air service is often 3-10 times more costly than standard ground rates and is totally optional.) We also offer BPX shipping which is 12-24 hours delivery time to many parts of Ontario and Quebec. BPX shipments must be requested via telephone as this service is not available online.
Delivery ETA times
Date of pickup may vary with courier companies and may affect delivery timeline. Delivery timelines are shown on checkout pages and these are estimates provided by each courier and can be modified at any time during peak seasons such as Christmas whereby most guarantees will not apply.  With guaranteed delivery services such as Air service, packages that are not delivered on time can request reimbursement of shipping cost, less any discounts applied unless affected by seasonal volumes.
All Orders will be shipped complete unless other arrangements have been made at time of order processing.
Estimated delivery times do not include order processing time or musical instrument setup.  Estimated delivery times begin on the day you receive your tracking number via email.
What is Cubed Shipping Weight? (lb3)
Cubed shipping weight is not the same as product weight. Shipping companies do not use the actual product weight. They use a formula to determine the amount of space the package occupies in their trucks when its packed inside a box for shipping. This is called Dimensional weight or cubed shipping weight. Product pages will display shipping weight (lb3) and invoice summaries indicate shipping carton dimensions and cubed shipping weights. When a package is shipped out, its usually placed in a larger box to protect it during transport, which also increases the size of cubed shipping weight.
To Calculate Dimensional Weight (lb3) (example from Purolator)
Measure an item in its shipping carton. (Length - Width - Height).
then multiply (Length x Width x Height) and divide that result by 172.80 to get the dimensional weight (cubed weight) for ground shipments.  Air shipments use a slightly different formula.
Example 1
Acoustic Guitar unboxed =7lbs actual weight
Acoustic Guitar boxed in factory carton =12lbs actual weight
Acoustic Guitar boxed in factory carton plus outer shipping carton =15lbs actual weight
Shipping dimensions with outer carton = 51" x 21" x 9"
Using the formula for ground shipments.
(51x21x9)divided by 172.80 = 56lbs cubed (dimensional weight)
In this example the guitar only weighs 7lbs but when it's boxed for shipping it scales at a whopping 56lbs or 8 times higher than the weight of the guitar.
Example 2
Guitar pedal unboxed =0.25lb actual weight
Guitar Pedal boxed in factory carton =0.50lb actual weight.
Guitar pedal boxed inside factory carton plus outer shipping carton =1lb actual weight
Shipping dimensions with outer carton = 11" x 11" x 7"
Using the formula for ground shipments.
(11x11x7) divided by 172.80 = 5lbs cubed (dimensional weight)
In this example the pedal weighs only 1/2lb but when packed inside a box for shipment it scales at 5lbs or 10 times higher than the weight of the pedal.
Making our shipments affordable and well packed is our top priority, our staff go the extra mile to ensure your packages arrive safely and at rates you can afford.
Available Shipping options:
Purolator - For a detailed estimate of shipping time, or tracking your package please visit the Purolator Website at
https://www.purolator.com
Fedex - For a detailed estimate of shipping time, or tracking your package please visit the Fedex website at
http://www.fedex.com NOTE Fedex does not offer depot locations in most parts of Canada and is required that you are present at time of delivery. Please check with Fedex when you have received a tracking number to ensure secure delivery if you have selected this shipping option.
CanPar - For a detailed estimate of shipping time, or tracking your package, please visit the Canpar Website at
https://www.canpar.ca NOTE Canpar now offers depot locations in most parts of Canada. Please check with Canpar when you have received a tracking number to ensure secure delivery if you have selected this shipping option.
Loomis - For a detailed estimate of shipping time, or tracking your package, please visit the website for Loomis at
https://loomisexpress.com  NOTE Loomis now offers depot locations in most parts of Canada. Please check with Loomis when you have received a tracking number to ensure secure delivery if you have selected this shipping option.
DHL Courier - For a detailed estimate of shipping time, or tracking your package, please visit the website for DHL at
http://international.dhl.ca
Bus Parcel - Super fast overnight service to many parts of Ontario and Quebec. Items must be picked up at the local bus station but if you need it really fast it is a great option and is often used by courier companies themselves to transfer packages between cities and towns. Please call our retail center to utilize this option - BPX is not available online.
LTL Trucking - Designed for large shipments. "less than load" means that items will be shipped on a skid or pallette by transport truck. We use a variety of companies for this service. Most of these orders are designed for commercial deliveries with a loading dock. If you need to order big heavy stuff it will likely be shipped via LTL service. Insurance is limited to 1.00 per pound in most cases. Tailgate fees of up to $200 may be applied on top of regular shipment charges if no loading dock is available. Residential Address delivery fee and appointment fees may also apply. Very large PA speakers, Pianos, and big bulky items will require this option when the shipment is over 250 lbs.
NOTE: Some items may be shipped from a distribution center (drop ship). These shipments will often be upgraded to Purolator, Fedex, Canpar, Loomis, DHL, UPS or other premium shipping services at no additional cost to you...however there may be delays in providing up to date tracking as these warehouses can only provide updates to us every 48 hours not including weekends.
In the event of a product return or refused shipment...all discounted shipping charges and allowances will be deducted at actual cost from your credited value. In the event of a product return or refused shipment, items which have received freight discounts will be charged back against credited values for the difference between actual cost and originally billed amounts at time the order was placed.
PRODUCT RETURNS
Quality assurance guarantee
If you are not completely satisfied with your purchase from Acclaim Sound and Lighting, simply return it to us within 30 days of the invoice date for a refund or exchange for full merchandise value. We accept returns and exchanges within 30 calendar days from the date of purchase for unopened product(s) in original condition and packaging.  We will even help you to send it back by utilizing our shipping providers which greatly reduces the cost of a return.
1. Call 1.888 472 0070 for a return authorization number.
2. Re-pack the item in new condition. Please double box item including its original packaging (including all inserts, plastic bags, manuals and accessories) and send it back to us, return postage must be paid by the customer.
3. Please ensure to REMOVE or strikeout any existing ship labels
NOTE: Please do not use DUCK tape when returning packages....clear box tape is the best choice to avoid damage to your packaging.
Factory Sealed Products in like new condition will receive an exchange or refund for the full merchandise value. Free shipping and discounted shipping offer amounts will be deducted from your credited value. Items deemed as "special order" if returned for any reason are subject to a minimum 25% restocking fee.  Damaged or defective items must be reported immediately upon receipt. Failure to report defects or damage within 15 days will nullify this guarantee. Items shipped to the USA do not qualify for this offer.
Opened non-defective product returns and exchanges are subject to a minimum 15% restocking fee, and up to 25% restocking fee depending on Manufacturer. Free shipping and discounted shipping offer amounts will be deducted from your credited value. Items with damaged or missing boxes, accessories or manuals are subject to additional costs which are levied per item.  Ask your sales representative if you are unsure how these fees may apply to your return.
Return Exceptions:
Cartridges and styli
Computer software and items bundled with computer software may not be returned if factory seal is broken on master packaging. No returns on computer software & licenses, opened video games, and opened DVD movies. Due to copyright laws, you may exchange these items for the same title if the original is defective.
bulk cable
pickups and related parts items related to musical instruments unless defective.
electronic repair parts, recone kits, speaker components such as drivers, tweeters.
fog, bubble, haze or snow juice
carpeting
replacement lamps
LPs, CDs or software that has been unsealed/opened
slipmats
clothing
color media (gel)
Mouth pieces
Expendable supplies
Clearance Items, Final Sale and Demo items-unless indicated otherwise
Risk of Loss
Risk of loss and title for items purchased from Acclaim-music.com pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier or, if such items must cross an international border, then risk of loss and title pass to you when they clear customs.
Returns, Refunds and Title
Acclaim-music.com does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our warehouse or distribution centre. At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. In this situation, Acclaim-music.com does not take title to the refunded item.
PAYMENT METHODS ACCEPTED
Interac / Debit Online - Use your Interac debit card to pay for purchases in-store and online. Interac / Debit online is available as part of the standard checkout options. Tap n go service is available in our retail locations. Available to most Canadian Banks and Credit unions.
Interac Email Cash Transfers - We accept Interac Email Cash Transfer both online and in-store. To use the Interac Email Cash Transfer, please process your order then visit your online banking service to see if they have a link for Interac transfer or Send Money Online. We can assist you in processing this option if required.
Paypal - We accept paypal payments in store and online. We will ship to all Verified Accounts within Canada and the USA. If you are non verified or need to ship to a different address select Interac Online or Interac E-Transfer for Canada. If you are non verified USA select Visa, Visa Debit, MC, Amex or other payment type such as wire transfer. We can assist if needed. We are not allowed to ship to an address that is "non-verified"
Financing 12 Months Equal Payments via Paybright - available for orders between $500-15000 subject to credit approval. Get your gear with 12 equal payments.
For more information see this link ...Paybright Financing details and FAQ
Wire Transfers - We accept telephone wire transfers for international customers and large dollar purchases. Please call us toll Free 1 888 472 0070 for our commercial account information which will be needed in order to process this choice.
Credit Cards Visa/Mastercard/Amex-CANADA/USA - Tap n go service is available in our retail locations for both Visa and Mastercard. We accept Visa, Master Card, and American Express with verifiable shipping addresses for online orders. For your protection, orders are sent only to the billing address or to registered alternate addresses of the cardholder. If you require your order to ship to a different address, please ensure the address is registered with your bank or modify your payment method to Interac Online or Interac Email Cash Transfer which allow us to ship to any address within North America
Apartment Buildings - For your protection, credit card orders for persons living in apartment buildings are shipped to the nearest courier depot, unless you have made alternate delivery arrangements with us in advance
Credit Cards - INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMERS - Outside Canada/USA - International credit card systems are quite different than offered in North America.  At this time, we do not accept credit cards from outside of Canada / USA. We are very sorry for any inconvenience. If you wish to place an order please select the Wire transfer option at checkout. The total amount of the product(s) including shipping must be prepaid in FULL and you must have a verified shipping address.  All orders are shipped FOB our warehouse and items may be subject to import duties, taxes or tariffs when they arrive at your destination. Insurance is optional but highly recommended. Please note that overseas shipments can be very expensive (around the price of a plane ticket) and rates can exceed the value of the item you want to purchase. Before choosing this option please investigate the shipping cost of importing the item from Canada to your country. Your can get shipping quotes to your country by visiting:
Shiptime - rate shopper
Canada Post
Fedex
DHL International
Purolator
Cheques & Money Orders - Preprinted personal and business cheques are accepted from Canadian Customers for online orders and for retail purchases. Items can be picked up or will ship upon banking system clearance. This process takes a minimum of ten business days and can take up to 14 business days. If you need your order to be shipped in a hurry please consider a different payment method. Orders cannot be released until we have processed your cheque and the waiting period has been served. Submit your order and checkout. Make Cheques and Money Orders Payable to Acclaim Sound and Lighting.
Purchase Orders - For the convenience of our larger business, institutional and government customers, purchase orders will be accepted on a credit approval basis. To qualify for credit approval, you must call our Toll Free Number 1 888 472 0070 to request a credit application. Purchase Orders can be placed by phone or email providing a confirming fax or emailed copy of the purchase order is received. Minimum $500 for all PO's. PO purchases must be prepaid in order to be eligible for our Free Shipping programs. For more information call us at 1 888 472 0070
Business Leasing - Why tie up your business cash when you can make low monthly payments? Please call a sales representative for lease rates and applications.
Lowest Prices Guaranteed
Shop Safe & Secure
Free Shipping Offer
Easy Returns
Canadian Electrical Safety Standards
Get Free Stuff - Promotions!
All images, pricing and specifications within this website are based on the latest manufacturer's specifications and are subject to change at any time without prior notice. Acclaim Sound & Lighting shall endeavor to maintain the highest standards for accuracy and attention to detail, however we reserve the right to make changes at any time, without notice, to products, prices, descriptions, images and policies.
All transactions are processed in CAD funds.
© 1989-2020 Acclaim Sound and Lighting
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Account Terms and Conditions
U: 529ff320-f5c9-4660-82bd-ecf24334198f | C: M6KUFH | V: 1.2.0
BEAM ME UP
Thanks for signing up!
Close
Close
×Close