http://www.faze3.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
£
Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
(01492) 533937
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Puzzles
Japanese Puzzle Boxes
Wood Puzzles
Metal Puzzles
Childrens Puzzles
Other Puzzles
Show All Puzzles
Welsh Love Spoons
Celtic Gifts
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy and GDPR Compliance - see Privacy PolicyAcceptance of delivery of the Goods shall be deemed conclusive evidence of the Buyer's acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. You should regularly check these terms and conditions and the privacy policy for any updates and/or amendments which may be made at any time.Product InformationAll images, sizes, measurements and descriptions are approximate, however we do make every effort to ensure they are as accurate as possible.Similarly, we have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colours of our products that appear on the website. However, as the actual colours you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any colour will accurately reflect the colour of the product on delivery.Returns and RefundsYou may return an item to us, for any reason, within 14 days of the date of delivery. Please contact us by e-mail or telephone so that we are aware of the situation. If you choose to cancel an order after the item has been despatched, you will be responsible for the cost of returning the item. Items must be returned unused and in their original unspoilt packaging.Personalised goods are excluded from the right to return - please see below.In the event that any order is incorrect, it must be notified to us within 14 days after delivery.If any products are defective, they must be returned to us within 14 days of delivery. At our own discretion, we shall replace the products free of charge and redeliver them at our own cost, or shall provide a refund of the price paid by you. In the event of replacement of any products, the products returned to us shall become our property.If we elect to refund you rather than provide a replacement for defective products, or we are unable to replace any faulty product, the products must be returned to us, at our cost, and shall become our property.Personalised GiftsPlease note that personalised products cannot be cancelled or changed once the order has been submitted as they are sent for processing immediately (day or night). They are non-returnable unless there is an error or they are received damaged.Please ensure that you have kept within the maximum amount of characters as shown on each product as your order will be delayed if you exceed this limit.The style of the personalisation will follow the style shown in the images. This includes the use of upper and lower case letters. If you particularly want something in all capitals where this is not shown in the image, please make a note in the special instructions box during checkout. We will always try to follow your requests but please be aware that some typefaces do not lend themselves to all capital letters and there may not be enough space for text presented in this way.Different products can take a different length of time for the personalisation process to be completed. On the majority of occasions, items will be sent within the time scales shown but you should allow up to 14 days to allow for busy periods. If available, and the express delivery option is chosen, your item should be despatched within 2-3 working days. The despatch estimate does not include the day the order is received and please note that it is a "despatch" estimate - not when the goods will be received.Finally, we always check all the personalisation and if something doesn't seem to be quite right, we will contact you to check it.Items out-of-stockAn order may be deemed to have been accepted by us when you receive the e-mail confirming delivery. Because of the time delay between you making the order and us accepting it, there may be occasions when an item becomes out of stock or discontinued. We shall make every effort to update the website at all times, but you understand and acknowledge that we are not liable to you for any failure or delay to fulfill an order due to products being unavailable.PaymentPayment for the price of the products shall be due in pounds sterling at the time of the order. Payment can be made by credit/debit card via Nochex or Paypal.Please note that the currency converter is for information only and you will be charged in GB pounds.Delivery - Please see Delivery Information for more detailsAny delivery date specified by the Seller is an estimate only. Time of delivery shall not be of the essence of the Contract.Items will normally be despatched within two working days but this will usually be the next working day after the order was received. You may need to allow extra time at busy periods. Monday to Friday inclusive are deemed to be working days.If for any reason you or the person at the delivery address is unable, or refuses, to accept delivery of the consignment and your local sorting office is not contacted about redelivery, the consignment will automatically be returned to us after a period of 2 weeks. In this case, a carriage fee will be made to re-despatch the consignment to the same, or another address nominated by you.Personalised gifts have separate despatch times and estimates are shown on each product page.PriceThe pricing of items is subject to change and we cannot be held responsible for any loss incurred from our price changes.GeneralWe shall not be liable to any person for any loss or damage, which may arise from the use of any of the information contained in any of the materials on this website.Every care has been taken in the preparation of the content of this website. To the extent permitted by applicable law, and save as otherwise specified by us, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy of the information contained in any of the materials on this website.Overall AgreementThese terms and conditions (as amended from time to time) and the Privacy Policy (as amended from time to time) constitute the entire agreement between you and us.The laws of England shall govern the contract between us and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England. Your statutory rights are not affected.