http://www.hitch-web.com/page/privacy-policy
Your cart is empty.
Your cart is empty.
Sign in
-
{{promotion.discountType}}{{promotion.discountAmt}} off
List Price
Your Price
Available
{{tag}}
Text
"{{option.copy}}"
{{key}} : {{style}},
Selected Options
{{option}},
Uploaded Assets
{{asset}},
Special Instructions
Product Image
Update Comments
Product Addons for
()
@
{{product.stock.display.backorderMessage}}
Subtotal
Handling Fee
Customer Discount
Total
Empty Cart
Please log in!
Checkout
Transfer Cart
Welcome, Guest
Login
Create An Account
OUR PRIVACY POLICY
hitchweb's goal is providing their customer a pleasurable and secure online shopping experience. We have taken the necessary measures to ensure our site is secured and your information is safe. We don't collect any of your informaiton unless absolutely necessary or to make our shopping experience possible.
Payment Details:
To adhere to the latest security and privacy standards, hitchweb does not store any credit or debit card details on file. Upon submitting an order, your payment info will be securely transmitted for authorization and payment via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. Because your credit and/or debit information is not kept on file, you will need to submit this information on every order.
Account Details:
Although not necessary and only with your consent,  you can keep some of your basic information with us to further improve your shopping experience. This will allow you to save items in your cart, add items to your wish list, save your addresses to avoid having to retype it on every order, along with a few more features to optimize your shopping experience.
Your account details are solely used for your benefit, they are kept securely and not distributed to any 3rd party. Also, your account details will not be used to create a mailing list, so you don't have to worry about dealing with countless e-mails sent to your account. Best part is, creating/saving an account profile is optional and removable at any time, simply e-mail us and we'll remove your account.
Subscribe To Newsletter & Our Blog's RSS:
By subscribing to hitchweb's newsletter or RSS, you will benefit from any promotions, remaining current on latest news, receive interesting and helpful resources on towing, camping etc. Only the e-mail provided when subscribing to our newsletter will be hosted by a secure 3rd party specialized in handling mailing lists so your e-mail addresses cannot be distributed to others.
Do we use "cookies"?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Other Details:
As part of the order process, we do use cookies to ensure we keep all information in tact until the order is submitted. This information is also kept securely.
If you see something you'd like to purchase but would still prefer placing your order by phone, there's no problem there. Simply call our hitchweb team at: 800-300-4067.
We hope that you understand, and that you enjoy your shopping experience (or browsing experience) at hitchweb. If you have any questions about this policy, please don't hesitate to contact us by phone (800) 300-4067 or e-mail.
- hitchweb Team -
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Shipping to Canada
Shipping to the USA
Coupons & Deals
Price Match Request
Product Return Form
Register
CONTACTS
Email Support
PH: 800-300-4067
INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
Our Guarantees
Our Blog
Our Security & Privacy Policy
Our Shipping & Returns Policy
POPULAR PRODUCTS
Trailer Hitches
Roof Racks
Roof Top Tents
5th Wheel Hitches
Bike Racks
Baseplates
Camper Tiedowns
Truck Accessories
Jeep Accessories
CONNECT WITH US
DigiCert.com
HITCHWEB © 2020. All Rights Reserved. Powered by zeckoShop
SELECT ANY OPTIONAL ACCESSORIES
×
Close
Add to cart
×
Installation Tech Notes