http://www.promolife.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Promolife has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: https://www.promolife.com.
Our site uses cookies to remember items in your cart and your contact information for the purposes of ordering.  Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company and ship orders. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and services.
We do not sell your personal information to anyone.  All information collected is specifically used for ordering and shipping purposes and to let you know about our company, not for any other use.
This site contains links to other sites. https://www.promolife.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
If you wish to no longer receive emails from us, you can click the Unsubscribe link in the bottom of any email you receive.
Correct/Update
If you need to correct or update your information previously provided to us, use our contact page to let us know.
×
Get a shot to win a $75 gift cert
Email Address