http://www.rugskilims.com/article/terms-and-conditions
Call us on +44 (0)20 88760070
Toggle navigation
Login /
Register|
Price Match|
Email Us|
FAQ's
Shopping Cart
£0.00
View
|
Checkout
0
Select Categories
All Categories
Advanced Search
Sign Up
Home
Contact Us
About Us
New Arrivals
Clearance Sales
Cleaning
Repairs
Articles
Carpets and Rugs
|
Kilim Furniture
|
Runners
|
Flat Weave Kilim Rugs
|Kilim Cushions
|
Kilim Saddlebags
|Home Accessories and Gifts
|
Wall Hangings
|Kilim Handbags
|All Items
Terms and Conditions
GO BACK
Introduction
Your Order
Payment
Security Policy
Privacy Policy
Acceptance
Delivery
Returns Policy
Products
Rug Store's Liability
After Sales Service
Cancellations and Refunds
Aftercare
Data Protection
Intellectual Property
Company Information
Frequently Asked Questions
Introduction
Rug Store's aim is to give you the best possible value and service at all times. The following Terms and Conditions will explain how we will deal with your order and you should read them carefully. They can be viewed at any time by clicking the Terms and Conditions link at the bottom of each page.
By purchasing through this website you are entering into a legally binding contract with us. This means that you and we have rights and obligations. If you are unsure of your rights and obligations now or at any time during the contract please seek independent advice.
The information on this website is given in good faith and Rug Store cannot accept responsibility for any loss or damage arising from the information or its use or misuse.
Top
Your Order
Make sure you have read and understand our terms. It is your responsibility to read the legal terms on our website carefully and to raise any problems with us before you place your order. This includes these terms and conditions, our security use and our privacy policy.
You can browse Rugstore web site by different features such as by origin, by category, by age or by price range on our 'Search' pages.
This website contains information about our goods which you will need to know before you place your order including descriptions of our goods, current prices (including VAT, delivery and returns policies.
The information about the goods on our website constitutes an "invitation to treat" and is not a contractual offer from us which you may accept. This means that we reserve the right to correct any errors in that information without liability to you. It also means that in no circumstances will we be contractually bound to supply you with goods on the basis of any incorrect information, even if that information is repeated in your order.
Look around the site and find the Rug that is right for you, then click on the ADD TO CART button and follow the on-screen instructions to pay. (All prices in British Pounds, your credit card company will handle the currency transaction if one is required).
Top
Payment
Online payments may be made by debit or credit card. Payment using a debit or credit card is taken at the time you place your order and is processed using Sage Pay (formerly Protx) secure payment processing system.
We are very security conscious. We use strong SSL encryption on any pages where you enter your personal details. You may pay online or by phone using either your PayPal account, or any of the credit and debit cards shown below. All payment information is securely encrypted using state of the art SSL encryption.
Please note, PayPal's Account Optional service is provided by PayPal (Europe) Ltd (PayPal) which is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom (FSA) as an Electronic Money Institution (ELMI).
When you use your credit or debit card to purchase items via PayPal Account Optional, a sum of electronic money equivalent to the amount of the purchase you are making is issued by PayPal and credited to the Rug Store’s PayPal account as payment for the goods or services you are purchasing. Your credit or debit card is therefore being used for the purchase of an amount of e-money which is in turn being used as payment for the goods or services from Rug Store. Your credit or debit card statement will therefore show PayPal as the merchant and not Rug Store from whom you are purchasing the goods or services.
PayPal will not open a PayPal account for you when you use your credit or debit card with PayPal Account Optional. Your use of the PayPal system via PayPal Account Optional is a one-off transaction only. However, PayPal will retain the information you provide via Rugstore in relation to your use of PayPal Account Optional in accordance with our Privacy Policy in order to (1) enable you to use PayPal Account Optional for further one-off transactions subject to the paragraph below, (2) to enable us to monitor the use of PayPal Account Optional for risk management purposes and (3) to make it easier for you to open a PayPal account in the future.
You will only be able to use PayPal via PayPal Account Optional for up to [10] transactions before PayPal will require you to open a PayPal account with PPEL to enable further use of the PayPal system via Rugstore. At that point you will be required to enter into PayPal's standard user agreement to govern the ongoing relationship with PayPal.
You will be asked to provide certain information we need to enable us to process your order such as your preferred delivery address and payment details. It is your responsibility to provide us with sufficient information to process you order. We will acknowledge receipt of your order by email. This is not our acceptance of your order, but confirmation that it has been received.
Payment by credit card will take approx. 10 working days for funds to clear via PayPal, please be patient.
Telephone Order, If you would prefer to speak to one of our sales advisors, payment can be taken over the phone on 020 8876 0070. Orders will normally be despatched within days.
Cheque or Postal Order, Please make your cheque payable to Rugstore, 312 Upper Richmond Road West, East Sheen, London SW14 7JN.
Top
Acceptance
You may not assume we have accepted your order until we send you an acceptance by email. Only if and when you receive our acceptance will we have a binding contract between us.
You may receive acknowledgement from our payment processor advising you whether or not your credit or debit card payment has been authorised. This acknowledgement relates to your payment only and is not our acceptance of your order.
We will be entitled to refuse to accept your order if in our sole discretion we consider it necessary. In particular we must receive payment of the whole of the price for the goods that you order before your order can be accepted. If we refuse your order we will let you know as soon as we can. If we accept your order we will inform without undue delay.
Once we have entered into a contract with you we shall supply you with the items specified in your order in accordance with the terms of the contract.
We can only conclude the contract with you in English and not in any other language. The contract between us will consist of:
(1) These terms and conditions together with our terms of security and privacy policy,
(2) your order
(3) our acceptance. We will not file the concluded contract between us online and you should therefore print out and retain copies of each element of the contract.
Once we have entered into a contract with you we shall supply you with the items specified in your order in accordance with the terms of the contract.
Top
Delivery
We will deliver the goods ordered by you to the address you give us for delivery at the time you make your order.
We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation if the goods are not delivered within this time frame. You will be informed by email once your order has been dispatched, stating details of the courier used and the consignment note number.
Delivery is usually made within 5 - 7 working days in the UK, all other destinations will be will take 7 - 10 working days. All deliveries will require a signature. If no one is at home then a card will be left with contact details for the courier and a response must be made within 7 days. Failure to respond to the courier’s card will result in your Purchase being returned to us, and an additional postage charge will be incurred.
Next Business Day Delivery - Delivery GUARANTEED by end of next working day. Order must be placed before 12.00PM GMT (Monday - Friday). Please note signature is required on delivery.
It is your responsibility to make sure that someone is available to receive delivery and sign for items that require signature on delivery. (Subject to the correct email address being entered when placing your order)..
We ship via UPS (United Parcel Service) and Parcel Force, who will ensure that your Purchase arrives with care and in a secure plastic packaging.
Additional charges may be incurred for remote UK addresses. All the prices are in GBP Sterling and do NOT include customs, shipping and insurances . Our listed prices are subject to change without prior notice.
You will become the owner of the goods you have ordered when they have been delivered to you. Once goods have been delivered to you they will be held at your own risk and we will not be liable for their loss or destruction.
For deliveries outside of the UK, please contact us at info@rugskilims.com and we will be happy to provide a quotation.
Top
Products
Please note, whilst every effort is made to accurately reproduce the appearance of each rug we stock we can not accept any responsibility for the colour misrepresentations. Different colour display settings on computer monitors can have an effect on the appearance of colours in our rug images
Rugs are soft, luxurious products and flattening of the pile will occur as a natural result of use. This may appear randomly, although areas of heavier use or where foot traffic twists and turns (for example, near stairs or in front of seating) can be especially prone. The sides of the pile appear a slightly different shade in colour to the ends and so any change in angle or direction of the pile may change the apparent colour of the rug and this may be patchy. Such changes do not alter the durability of the rug.
During transportation and storage the rug may become slightly crushed and this may show as shaded bands across the rug. These will disappear as the rug settles in to its new environment and as the pile is flexed through use and vacuum cleaning.
The prices payable for goods that you order as well as any applicable VAT are as set out in our website.
Top
Liability
Your remedy for damaged goods In the unlikely event that the goods we deliver are not what you ordered or are damaged / defective, or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, you must notify us within 14 days of receiving it.
We will then, at our option, make good any shortage or non-delivery; or replace any item that following our inspection are damaged or defective; or refund the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
Limitations on our liability to you, you are responsible for observing and complying with all applicable regulations and legislation which affect your purchase and subsequent use of our goods. This includes obtaining all necessary customs, import or other permits to purchase goods from our site. Certain national laws may prohibit the importation or exportation of certain of our goods to you.
We make no representation and accept no liability in respect of the export or import of the goods you purchase.
To the extent that law permits us to do so, we exclude all our liability to you for any direct, indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) howsoever arising out of any problem relating to the goods you buy from us.
If a court does decide we are liable to pay you compensation, that compensation will be limited to the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
Please note that nothing in this section of these terms and conditions (or in any other section) is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer or other statutory rights that may not be excluded by law, nor in any way to exclude or limit our liability to you for any death or personal injury resulting from our negligence of for fraudulent misrepresentation.
We shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver goods you have ordered or any delay in doing so or for any damage or defect to goods delivered that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, flood, fire, explosion or accident.
Invalidity If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these conditions will not be affected.
You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy.
A person who is not a party to this contract has no right under the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this contract but this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.
The contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English ourts shall have jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us.
These terms and conditions together with our terms of sercurity and privacy policy, your order and our acceptance set out the whole of our agreement relating to the supply of the goods to you by us. Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any goods offered for sale by us. Except for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.
Top
After Sales Service
If you require any help after you have made your purchase please contact us directly on 020 8876 0070 or Online
Top
Refund/Returns Policy
If you are not entirely delighted with the products that you have chosen you may return them to us within 7 days of receipt. We will be happy to offer you an exchange provided that the products are returned complete, in perfect condition with the original packaging.
Please contact our Customer Service via e-mail within 48 hours of delivery to info@rugskilims.com or call 0208 876 0070.
Please note your delivery and insurance cost will need to be covered by you. Once we have received the item and are happy with it has been returned in the same condition as it was dispatched, we will issue you with a full refund on the purchase price, minus our delivery costs plus handling charges and any additional charges relating to the recovery of the goods.
Alternatively you can choose to accept a credit for the full price of the item you ordered. This can be used towards the purchase of another item.  Because our products are unique they are subject to availability. By using high-tech digital camera we have tried to show our items with several resolutions to tolerate the restrictions on digital photography and internet media but still we can not 100 % guarantee for especially the colours of the carpets and kilims. Product Descriptions were prepared as much as our knowledge for guidance purpose only.
We will not be able to cancel or refund your purchase of goods sold under "Special offers"
We may cancel the contract between us if:
the goods you have ordered are unavailable for any reason;
we do not deliver to your area;
or one or more of the goods you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error
or an error in the pricing information.
Please note, whilst every effort is made to accurately reproduce the appearance of each rug we stock we can not accept any responsibility for the colour misrepresentations. Different colour display settings on computer monitors can have an effect on the appearance of colours in our rug images. You can still return your rug for a refund, however they will not be deemed faulty and you will be responsible for the return costs.
If we do cancel your contract for any of these reasons we will notify you by e-mail and provide you with a full refund. We will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered.
Top
Aftercare
We recommend the use of an upright type cleaner with rotating brushes for cut pile rugs and carpets , and a cylinder type (suction only) cleaner for loop pile or mixed pile (e.g. cut and loop) rugs and carpets.
We recommend that all rugs and carpets are professionally cleaned periodically. The frequency will depend on the level of soiling, but should be done before soiling becomes ingrained into the pile fibres.
Spillages should be blotted up immediately. A proprietary carpet shampoo may be used for spot cleaning in accordance with the shampoo manufacturers’ instructions, but this should be tested before use in an inconspicuous area to ensure it will not harm the pile. Care should be taken not to scrub or agitate the pile which could cause it to lighten in colour. If in doubt, please contact us.
Top
Data Protection
Rug Store takes data protection very seriously. All data is stored and treated with complete confidentiality and in accordance with the legal provisions of the Data Protection Act 1998. More details regarding use of data can be found in our Privacy Policy.
Intellectual Property
Trademarks, logos and all other picture, artwork, text or other intellectual property shown on the pages of this website (including these Terms and Conditions) are the property of Rug Store and/or its suppliers or agents. The unauthorised use, download, copying, publishing, transmitting, reproduction or otherwise making available of any of the content is strictly prohibited.
Top
Company Information
Rug Store 312 Upper Richmond Road West East Sheen London SW14 7JN Telephone: 020 8876 0070, Email: info@rugskilims.com, Web Site: www.rugskilims.com
Top