http://www.sonicalert.com/privacypolicy
Home
Privacy Policy
Web Privacy PolicyWhat information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information? We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways: To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Sonic Alert Inc.. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us? To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party links In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedback We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Privacy Policy for the Sonic Bomb apps. Sonic Alert built the Sonic Bomb and HomeAware Apps as FREE apps. These SERVICES are provided at no cost and are intended for use as is. This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service. The Sonic Bomb and HomeAware apps do not collect or store any personal data. The Sonic Bomb and HomeAware apps will not access your personal data, location, contacts, photos, etc. The Sonic Bomb and HomeAware apps will only communicate with the Sonic Bomb vibrator and HomeAware Main Unit and Receivers, respectively, sold separately. The Sonic Bomb vibrator and HomeAware Main Unit and Receivers also do not collect or store any personal data.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at https:/sonicalert.com/privacy-policy unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.Information Collection and Use The Sonic Bomb and HomeAware will never require you to provide us with any personally identifiable information. As no data is collected, no data can ever be stored by us for any future use. The app does not use any third party services that may collect information used to identify you.Log Data We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store) on your phone called Log Data. The App Store and Play store may collect information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics. The only data that is provided to Sonic Alert from the App Store and Play Store is the country that the product is used and the versions of the OS that are used. We have no access or use for personally identifiable information.Cookies Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. Our Service does not use any cookies.Service Providers We do not employ any third-party companies or individuals in providing our service other than the Apple App Store and Google Play Store as described under Log Data.Security We value your trust in using our app. That is why we do not collect any data from you.Links to Other Sites This Service does not contain links to other sites.Children’s Privacy These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from anyone, including children under 13.Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at customerservice@sonicalert.com