http://www.thecitiesof.com/privacy/
Privacy Policy
Your name and your personal information will never be sold, rented, or
shared with any third party for any marketing purpose whatsoever.
We highly value and appreciate your interest, and
we will NEVER abuse your trust.
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the privacy policy for all web sites operated by Internet Directory Inc.
Contact Information
Our address is:
Internet Directory Inc
Attn: Privacy Policy
1559 Brownlee Blvd
Corpus Christi, Texas 78404
Telephone: (888) 785-0500
For more than 10 years, our company has developed relationships with our
customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the trust and
confidence you demonstrate when you visit our website and provide us with
information. The Privacy Notice below is posted to demonstrate our adherence
to the practices you'll find common to the best websites online. We promise
that we will treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity
that we have displayed throughout our company's history.
We will never share your email address, phone number or credit card
information with any unrelated 3rd party except as necessary to fulfill
transactions that you initiate with us.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Notice, please
call us toll-free at (888) 785- 0500.
Internet Directory Inc Privacy Notice
By visiting the Internet Directory Inc website you agree to accept the
practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Changes to this Privacy Notice, Conditions of Use and Notices:
This Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use may change over
time, however, information we collect now will NOT be used
under a different policy in the future. Your personal
information (your email address, name, and all other
non-public information) will NEVER be divulged to any other
party for any reason whatsoever. We highly value and
appreciate your interest, and we will NEVER abuse your trust.
Please check this page periodically as you continue
to use our site to see if any changes have been
made. This privacy notice was most recently changed
on October 05, 2011.
Children
Internet Directory Assistance does not sell products to persons under the
age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the approval
of your parent or guardian to purchase products from this site.
List of sites operated by Internet Directory Inc:
http://server.inetassistance.us/thecitiesof.com/domainlinks.html
Google Adsense
Google Adsense uses a different privacy policy which you can find here:
http://www.google.com/privacy/privacy-policy.html
This is the text that Google requires for Adsense publishers. You can find the original
here: http://www.serprank.com/privacy-policy-generator/
Below is the exact wording that has been added to the Terms and
Conditions for Adsense publishers ....
"You must have and abide by an appropriate privacy policy that clearly discloses that
third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your user’s browser, or using web
beacons to collect information, in the course of ads being served on your website. Your
privacy policy should also include information about user options for cookie management."
Update: 23 March 2009
We have now updated the Google Adsense Privacy Policy Generator to include a mention
about the DoubleClick DART cookie, which is now required by Google to be included in
your privacy policy. You can read more about the DoubleClick DART Cookie on the following link ... https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=100557&sourceid=aso
Note from the CityOf.com webmaster:
You can block some Google products in your HOSTS file by adding the following entries:
127.0.0.1	ajax.googleapis.com
127.0.0.1	google-analytics.com
127.0.0.1	www.google-analytics.com
127.0.0.1	ssl.google-analytics.com
To find and edit the HOSTS file in your computer:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hosts_(file)
http://www.ehow.com/how_5225562_edit-windows-hosts-file.html
E-Mail:
More CitiesGet Listed