https://www.wyland.com/privacy-policy/
The Artist
Foundation
Galleries
Shop
FINE ART Shop for fine marine life art from one of the most influential artists of the 21st Century. Shop All Fine Art
GIFTS THAT GIVE 100% net proceeds go to the Wyland Foundation. Shop Gifts That Give
PRIVACY POLICY
This statement is to confirm the commitment of Wyland Worldwide, LLC, to insuring the privacy of its web site visitors. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.wyland.com. It is our mission to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because this web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, we intend to disclose our information gathering practices here.
Information Collection and Use
Wyland Worldwide, LLC, is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. Wyland Worldwide, LLC, collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Promotional Giveaways
During the contest registration process a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about new products and services, special promotions on our site(s), monthly newsletters, as well as to notify our monthly contest winners.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. We may also, on occasion, contact these customers about new products, services, special promotions on our site(s), special Wyland events in their general geographic area.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. By setting a cookie on our site, we are able to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. None of the information contained in cookies are ever shared with anyone outside of Wyland Worldwide, LLC.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Wyland Worldwide LLC., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect the information of our users. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry – SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. To learn more about SSL, follow this link http://www.thawte.com.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All users information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. The servers that we use to store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment behind locked doors.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@wyland.com.
Supplementation of Information
In order for this website to properly fulfill its obligation to our credit customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
For example, to determine if our customers qualify for one of our credit cards, we use their name and social security number to request a credit report. Once we determine a user’s credit-worthiness, this document is destroyed.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user’s personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Service Dept. at customerservice@wylandgalleries.com
Choice/Opt-Out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to the promotional email with the word REMOVE in the subject line or clicking the web link listed at the bottom of the email.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of this website.