https://www.christmas-lights-online.com/privacy.asp
Christmas-Lights-Online.com / Privacy Policy
Shopping Cart
0 Items
|
$0.00
Login
Home
|
About Us
|
Ordering FAQ
|
Contact Us
|
QUICK ORDER
|
View Cart
|
My Account
Departments
Specials
.
M5 LED Strings
M5 LED Icicle Strings
5mm LED Strings
G12 LED Strings
C6 LED Strings
C7 LED Strings
C9 LED Strings
.
C7 LED Bulbs
C9 LED Bulbs
.
C7 Incandescent Bulbs
C9 Incandescent Bulbs
.
C7 Strings wo/bulbs
C9 Strings wo/bulbs
C7 500' Spools
C9 500' Spools
.
Wiring Accessories
Mounting Clips
View Cart
Account Info
Request Catalog
Address Book
Privacy / Security
Types of information we collect:
We collect typical order related information placed through our web site, placed by phone, by fax or by email, such as:
Your name and/or business name
Billing & shipping addresses
Email address
Credit card information (encrypted)
Phone numbers
As is common with all online stores, we may keep web logs that track the web pages you have visited. We cannot identify or collect any personal information about you or your visit. This information simply aids us in making site improvements.
If you do place on order online, a "cookie" may be placed on your computer allowing our web site to identify you upon a return visit. This is for your convenience only and serves no other purpose.
What we do with this information:
All information we collect is used strictly for in house order processing related to an order or inquiry.
Absolutely no information is released, sold or shared with any entity, or employee outside of Holiday Direct, LLC.
We will not spam you, send you junk mail, or call you:
All correspondence we conduct with you will be related to an active order, or an inquiry, originally initiated by you. Please note that it is important that you provide us with an email address and/or phone number in case there is an issue with your order.
Our web site is secure:
Similar to other online stores, our site also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology ensuring secure online transfers of information. This secure connection is only activated during "Check Out". Your web browser will detect this special secure connection by displaying a padlock, for example, on your web browser.
You can also order by phone at 800-759-9060.
Your information is protected and stored securely:
All information is stored, accessed & purged according to the rules created by the PCI Security Standards Council.
We utilize PCI compliant software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
We periodically re-evaluate our operations and business practices ensuring continued compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of private information.
PCI compliance dictates that employee access to credit card information be limited to the last 4 digits & expiration date only. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions only.
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain in our database by emailing us at sales@christmaslightsonline.com. If you want your information changed, updated, corrected or deleted, we will gladly do that for you.
We are not responsible for the practices employed by web sites linked to or from our web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our web site.
Company Information
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
My Account
Login / Register
View Cart
Customer Service
Ordering FAQ
Returns / Warranty
Contact Us
Credit Card Processing
Holiday Direct, LLC
300 Buffalo Jump Road
Three Forks, MT  59752
800-759-9060 | 406-284-4323
Copyright 2020 | ® Holiday Direct, LLC | All rights reserved