http://www.sugardale.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy of Web site visitors is a high priority for Sugardale Foods. However, in order to provide the highest quality service, it is often necessary to collect certain information so that customer's needs may be met.
Gathering Information
Sugardale Foods only gathers personally identifiable information1 necessary to provide the highest quality service to our customers. This information is collected when our visitors knowingly provide it to us through our Contact Us form or submit a recipe. All personally identifiable information will be used internally, and at no time will be provided to outside sources.
It is not necessary to provide personally identifiable information in order to view the site or to have access to its content.
Children’s Privacy
The privacy of a child’s information is of utmost importance to Sugardale Foods. Our conduct in the child-oriented areas of our Web sites is governed by federal law and regulations that address children’s online privacy, as well as guidelines set forth by the Children’s Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus. None of our sites solicit personally identifiable information from or about children. Any of the child-oriented areas of our sites are only for the enjoyment of the visitor.
Data Sharing
There may be times when aggregate information2 about our visitors is shared with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising of our site for our users. We may also aggregate data from Web log files to understand how users navigate the site and what features are most popular.
1 Personally identifiable information relates to an individual consumer - e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.
2 Aggregate information relates to such things as the number of visitors to our site, which pages they access, what information they download, the type of Web browser and operating system they use, the name of their Internet Service Provider (e.g., America Online) and so on. This information is automatically collected when the site is visited and is combined with similar information collected about all other visitors. By collecting this information, Fresh Mark, Inc. learns how to best tailor our Web site to our visitors.