http://www.gemsofeastafrica.com/pages/privacy-policy
All Stones - On One Page 1000+ Stones All Cut Rough and CrystalsAll Faceted StonesAll Facet RoughAll Cabbing RoughRuby, Emerald and Sapphire PagePendants And Wire WrappedAll Faceted Stones ALL Faceted StonesA to I Amethyst FacetedCitrine FacetedAmetrine FacetedAquamarine FacetedDanburite FacetedEmeralds FacetedGarnet Faceted AllHessonite Garnet FacetedIolite FacetedJ to R Mahenge Garnet FacetedMandarin Spessartite Garnet FacetedMalaya Garnet FacetedMerelani Mint Garnet FacetedOpal FacetedOrange Garnet FacetedRuby FacetedS to Z Sapphire FacetedScapolite FacetedSpessartite Garnet FacetedSpinel FacetedSunstone FacetedTanzanite FacetedTourmaline FacetedTsavorite FacetedUmba Garnets FacetedZircons FacetedAll Facet Rough ALL Facet RoughVVS-IF Grade Faceting RoughEYE CLEAN AND ABOVEA to F Apatite Facet RoughAquamarine Facet RoughChrysoprase Facet RoughCitrine Facet RoughDanburite Facet RoughDiopside Facet RoughEmerald Facet RoughG to Q Garnet Faceting RoughIolite Facet RoughKyanite Facet RoughMalaya Garnet Facet RoughMerelani Mint Garnets Facet RoughMoonstone Facet RoughOpals Faceting Including Cats EyeRoughPeridot Facet RoughR to Z Ruby Facet RoughSapphire Facet RoughScapolite Facet RoughSpinel Facet RoughTourmaline Facet RoughTsavorite Facet RoughUmba Garnet Facet RoughUnder $100 - Facet RoughAll Cabbing Rough All Cabbing RoughAll Crystals ALL CrystalsRuby, Emerald and Sapphire Page Ruby, Emerald and Sapphire PagePendants And Wire Wrapped Pendants And Wire WrappedInvestment Grade Investment GradeEthical EthicalWholesale Lots ALL WHOLESALE LOTSALL LotsGarnet Facet Rough LOTSIolite Facet Rough LOTSSpinel Facet Rough LOTSApatite Facet Rough LOTSSphene -Chrome and Vanadium LOTSEmerald Facet Rough LOTSOpal Facet Rough LOTSScapolite Facet Rough LOTSUnder $10 Under $10$10-$25 $10-$25$25-$50 $25-$50$50-$100 $50-$100$100+ $100+"Join Our Mailing List For New Stone Updates" Join Our Mailing ListRough For Jewellery Rough For Jewellery
Log in
Email *
Password *
Login
Forgot your password?
No account? Create one here
Register
Wish list
Compare
Submit
0
Your cart
$0.00
Your cart
Your cart is currently empty.
0
Your cart
$0.00
Your cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Submit
Submit
Log in
Register
Wish list
Compare
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This website ("website") is operated by Gemstone Masters Ltd. This privacy policy only covers information collected at this website, and does not cover any information collected offline by Gemstone Masters Ltd. All Gemstone Masters Ltd. websites are currently covered by this privacy policy.
SECURITY
Personal information provided on the website and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server. We are committed to handling your personal information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic, and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. Our website uses encryption technology, like Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number. Our Customer Care center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note that email is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information.
PRIVACY POLICY
To help us achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this privacy policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of advances in technology to improve the services we offer, this privacy policy likely will change. We therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy.
We take your privacy to be of the utmost importance.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Generally, you may browse the website without providing any personally identifiable information. However, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information at various times and places on this website. In some cases, if you choose not to provide us with the requested information, you may not be able to access all parts of this website or participate in all of its features.
We receive and store any personally identifiable information you enter on the website, whenever you shop with Gemstone Masters Ltd.—online, through our websites, through our catalogs, or in our stores, or information you give us in any other way, such as by subscribing to our catalogs, email, or mobile messaging. For example, we may collect the following personally identifiable information: your name, address, telephone number, mobile telephone number, driver's license number, birth date, and email address. If you use a credit or debit card or pay by check, we will also include your account number.
If you use one of our services, or participate in one of our surveys, promotions, or sweepstakes, we may ask for additional information, such as your age, interests, or product preferences.
From your purchases and other interactions with us, we obtain information concerning the specific products or services you purchase or use.
When you visit this website, our web server automatically collects anonymous information such as log data and IP addresses, and may collect general information concerning your location. We may use the automatically collected information for a number of purposes, such as improving our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:
To complete your purchase transactions
To provide a better quality service to you
To provide the services you request
To send you our catalogs and other offerings by mail
To identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you.
To notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased
To improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience
OTHERS WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
The Gemstone Masters Ltd. Group: All of the above information that we collect, as described above, may be shared among all Gemstone Masters Ltd. entities, including Gemstone Masters Ltd. stores, websites and Private Sales.
Service Providers: We also may disclose information to outside companies that help us bring you the products and services we offer. For example, we may work with an outside company to: (a) manage a database of customer information; (b) assist us in distributing emails; (c) assist us with direct marketing and data collection; (d) provide us storage and analysis; (d) provide fraud prevention; and (e) provide other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. We require that these outside companies agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in our agreements with them.
Other Companies: We may provide information to carefully selected outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you.
Business Transitions: We may transfer or share a copy of personal information about you in the event that Gemstone Masters Ltd. or one of its properties, affiliates, or subsidiaries goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets. You will be notified via email or prominent notice on our website prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to interfere with the ability of Gemstone Masters Ltd. to transfer all or part of its business and/or assets to an affiliate or independent third party at any time, for any purpose, without any limitation whatsoever. Gemstone Masters Ltd. specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected from its websites to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.
Compliance with Law: We may provide access to information when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors of this website or the public.
Gemstone Masters Ltd. partners with advertising companies to place our advertising on publisher websites on the Internet. These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site. This technology involves the use of third party cookies which allow them to develop personalized advertising so that it directly relates to offers that may be of interest to you. You may choose to opt-out of this service we have with our third-party advertising partner. We may also use Gemstone Masters Ltd. cookies to provide similar enhanced online marketing to you based on your interests and preferences. You may also choose to opt out of these enhanced online marketing ads.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING USE OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We provide you with a number of choices regarding our handling of your non-public personally identifiable information.
You may also request to view the information that we have on you and you have the right to request your information to be removed from all our mailings. You may also request to change the information we are holding on you.
You have the right to be forgotten too. Just let us know and we will remove all the personal data we are holding on you.
Direct Mail or Telephone Marketing: If you shop at the Gemstone Masters Ltd. or Private Sales stores and wish to be removed from the list of customers that receive direct mail or telemarketing calls, please either write to Gemstone Masters Ltd. Customer Care at:
Gemstone Masters Ltd, PO Box 626, TW3 9TW, London, United Kingdom
Or call +442081444017. If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address, and credit card account number (if you have one), and state one of the following: "NO MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by mail); "NO PHONE OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive offers by phone); or "NO PHONE OR MAIL OFFERS" (if you don't want to receive either).
EMAIL LISTS - Just click on Unsubscribe on our email list offers. It will remove you from all our Email Lists at one go.
Because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. We appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
You may request to view any personal data we are holding on you and have the right to modify or renew them.
Your personal data security is very important to us.
COOKIES, WEB BEACONS, AND HOW WE USE THEM
A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer or mobile device [hard drive]. It allows us to recognize your computer (but not specifically who is using it) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured database. A "web beacon" or "pixel tag" or "clear gif" is typically a one-pixel image, used to pass information from your computer or mobile device to a website.
We use cookies and web beacons to keep track of what you have in your shopping cart and to remember you when you return to the website as well as to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the website you visited immediately before clicking to the Gemstone Masters Ltd. website. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions. You can, of course, disable cookies and web beacons on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our website will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. We may also use web beacons, and other technologies, to help track whether our communications are reaching you, to measure their effectiveness, or to collect certain non-personal information about your computer, device, or browser in order to allow us to better design future communications to you.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and web beacons and collect information on our behalf or provide services such as credit card processing, shipping, promotional services, or data management. We call them our Customer Care Partners. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our other Customer Care Partners.
ONLINE ACCOUNT REGISTRATION
To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register on the Gemstone Masters Ltd. website. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information.
If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
EMAILS
You will receive promotional emails from us only if you have asked to receive them. If you do not want to receive email from Gemstone Masters Ltd. or its affiliates you can click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email communication sent by us. Please allow us 3 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal, as some of our promotions may already have been in process before you submitted your request.
You can update your preferences at any time by clicking on the email you receive ' update my preferences '. This will give you flexibility on tailoring how you received our email offers and give us information on your needs.
We offer out almost all our material on our email lists first with pictures and prices.
We use Mail Chimp to process and deliver our email lists and being on our email lists would mean agreeing to their privacy policy too.
MINORS
We do not sell to anyone under the age of 16 years.
ACCEPTANCE
By using this website, you accept the policies set forth in this Privacy Policy.
ANY QUESTIONS?
We'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions. Please:
Call: +442081444017
Write:
Gemstone Masters Ltd
PO Box 626
TW3 9TW
London
United Kingdom
Join Our Mailing List
Join our email list for Stock Addition Updates, Sale Events, Special Deals, Special Offers, New Facet Rough, New Cut Stones, New Crystals, Trade Dealer Lots, Miner Lots and Pre-Site Stones.
About Us
BUYING FROM SOURCE, SELLING AT MUCH BELOW WHOLESALE PRICES TO EVERYONE. We are fine facet rough, fine cut stones and fine crystal dealers, based in London, UK, buying directly from Source in East Africa, direct from small scale community-based miners whom we’ve known personally over the years and built long term ‘win win’ relationships with. We select the best stones one by one, buying only the best, cleanest, brightest and most visually appealing stones from miner lots (literally cherry picking from lots) and offering them out here on our website, at mine direct prices! We are 4th Generation Gemstone dealers. We have plenty of experience in buying and selling of faceting rough and fine cut stones and understand the quality, appeal factors, the importance of good cutting on a stone and how it adds value to the stone. All stones are ethically sourced. We set the standard in facet rough grading of gemstones. We are very well known by the miners in East Africa and get to see first hand, material, as it comes out of the mines in some cases within hours of it being mined. We speak local languages and work very well with local miners and understand their needs. We know almost all miners in East Africa and they know us. We have built relationships with them of trust and long-term supply and in many cases guide them in their mining activities. Since most are small aritisanal, community-based mining activities, most of the nearby villages and communities are involved in the mining and share in the profit for their communities upliftment and well being.
Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions and Lots Of Other Info.
Join our Mailing List for new stones, updates and special offers as well as pre-site stones, special deals, miner lots, clearance stones and high value stones etc...
Testimonials
Shipping, Payment and Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
About Us
Grading System
Contact Us
Our Prices Are Literally Mine Direct Prices And We Keep Prices As Low As We Can As We Sell To Jewellers, Re-Sellers, Wholesale Gem Dealers, Designers, Private Gem Collectors And Now On This Site, To Everyone At The Same Low Price, Giving Access To The Whole World, To Selected Stones And Mine Direct Prices. Our Selection Is Probably One Of The Best In The World, We Are 4th Generation Gemstone Dealers And Have A Great Deal Of Experience In Selecting Top Grade Faceting Rough. Our Primary Business Is The Supply Of Finest Quality, Top Grade Faceting Rough That We Source From Small Scale Miners At Source Mostly From Family Owned Mines That Utilizes Local Surrounding Villages In Mining And We Pay Fair Prices To Miners, Without Squeezing Them, So They Are Quite Happy To Supply Us. We Have A ‘Win Win’ Policy For All When Sourcing And We Believe This Brings A Sense Of Goodwill To The Business. Having Done This Business For So Long We Believe That Ethical Sourcing And Paying Fair Prices To Miners So That They Can Build Their Livelihood Happily From There, Is One Of The Most Important Factors In This Business. We Have Tremendous Access To The Best Facet Rough In The World, But Our Stones Sell Fast And Are Priced To Sell Out Fast.
Contact Us
Need a Trade Discount Code/ Forgotten The Code.
Our Grading System On Facet Rough
We Support Mining Communities
© 2003-2020 Gems of East Africa. All Rights Reserved. Ethically Sourced, Fine Selected Gemstones, From Miners At Source. Members of the National Association of Jewellers in the UK, 4th Generation Gemstone Dealers.
{{ item.quantity }}
Ok
Remove Item
Total item
{{ cart.item_count }}
Checkout
Search something
Type "donec" to view Autocomplete Search
{{ selectOption.product.title}}
Availability:
In Stock
SOLD
Decrease
Increase
ADD TO CART
Sold out
×
OK
({{ compareItems.length}})
{{ compareMsg}}
Wishlist({{ wishlistItems.length}})
{{ wishlistMsg}}
Bottom Center
{{ cartResProduct.cartMsg }}
{{ decodeHtml(cartResProduct.product_title)}}
{{ cartResProduct.variant_title}}
{{ getTextTransByKey('cart.label.sub_total_top') }}
{{ cartResProduct.qtyString }}
{{ getTextTransByKey("products.product.upsell_checkout_btn") }}
{{ getTextTransByKey("cart.general.title") }}
$1
Days
$2
Hours
$3
Minutes
$4
Seconds
TOP