https://www.westcoastmall.net/privacy-policy/
COVID-19 Notice
What will never change is our commitment to ALWAYS providing excellent customer service.  Our business is OPEN and we are shipping orders (m-f). There may be possible delays in delivery/transit times due to carrier restrictions.  Customers are having concerns as to whether or not packages are safe to receive and handle, the risk is low per the CDC.
Contact US!
Rebates
My Account
Orders
Comparison list
Return requests
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign inRegister
Email
PasswordForgot your password?
Register for a new account
Sign in
Remember me
Cart is Empty
Cart is Empty
View Cart
Secure Checkout
Home/Policies
Menu
All Products
Specials
Car Audio
Radar Detectors
Power Supplies/Inverters
Dash & Action Cameras
Scanners & AccessoriesScanners
Scanner Accessories
Scanner Antennas
Scanner Parts
Scanner Manuals
LED Light Bars
Cellular
Solar Products
Jeep Enthusiasts
RadiosBy BrandCobra ©
Galaxy ©
Maxon ©
Midland ®
President ©
Stryker ©
Uniden ©
Cobra©
Uniden©
Midland®
Galaxy©
President©
Maxon©
Stryker©
By TypeAM/FM Radios
CB Radios
Two Way/Handheld Radios
Business Radios
Marine Radios
SSB (single-sideband modulation) Radios
Mobile Radios
Radio Packages
AntennasBy BrandCobra ©
Firestik
Hustler
Wilson
Maxrad / PCTEL
Francis
Cobra©
Everhardt
Accessories Unlimited
Procomm
Metra
Shakespeare
Valor
Antenna Specialist
Larsen
Midland
By Type2 Meter
AM/FM
Antenna Kits
Base Station
Cellular
For Handheld Radios
Marine Antennas & Accessories
Mobile CB
NGP (No Ground Plane)
Other Antennas
Scanner
TV
UHF 450-470 MHZ
VHF 150-170 MHZ
MicrophonesBy BrandAstatic
Cobra ©
Cobra©
Kalibur
Uniden
Marmat
By TypeNoise Cancelling
Power Mic
Speaker Mic
MountsBy Type3-Way / Mirror Mount
Flat Antenna Mounts
Glass / Window
Hood / Fender
Magnetic
NMO
Radio Mounts & Brackets
Roof
Side
Stake Hole
Trunk Lip
By VehicleChevy / GMC
Dodge
Ford
Jeep
Toyota
Coax CableCo-Phase Coax
RG58A/U Coax
RG8X Coax For CB and 10 Meter Radios
CB Accessories12 Volt Power Supplies
Accessories
Adapters & Connectors
Antenna Parts and Accessories
Coax & Wire
External Speakers
Headsets
Meters
Microphone Accessories
Noise & Sound Filters
PA Horns & Speakers
Power Cords
Springs & Quick Disconnects
Radio Parts
Kits
Manuals & Schematics
10 Meter Equipment10 Meter Radios
10 Meter Accessories
Base StationsBase Station Radios
Base Station Antennas
Base Station Microphones
PartsRadio Parts
Tools
Camping and Outdoor GearTents and Shelters
Sleeping Bags
Camping Furniture
Outdoor Cooking
Cast Iron Cookware
Hammocks & Cots
Field & Stream Belts
Other Camping Gear
Survival GearEmergency Signal
Fire Starter
First Aid Kits
Guides
Survival Cooking
Survival Kits
Survival Knives
Survival Tools
Survival FoodFood Pouches
Mountain House #10 Cans
Survival Seeds
Water Storage
Seasonal
Novelties
Toys
MiscellaneousBatteries
Hardware
Motorcycle headsets
Promotional Products
Truck & Auto
Utility Mats
Flashlights
Other Products
Marine
Policies
Privacy
We consider all of our customers’ information to be confidential. We do not share or sell any of our customers’ information with any organization or entity. All credit card and customer information is encrypted and transmitted using 256-bit SSL technology. We use PayTrace to verify credit card payments and protect against fraud for our customers and our company.
We have implemented a Google Analytics feature based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). Using the Ads Settings, visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads.
Shipping
Free Shipping
Orders that total more than $75 have an option for free shipping (excluding over-sized items). When free shipping is chosen for an order, the order will be shipped via UPS Ground or US Mail. Generally, it will be whichever method is cheaper and/or offers faster transit times. Free shipping is only available for orders shipping to the continental United States.
Over-Sized Packages
We offer several antennas that are too large to ship via UPS. These items can only be shipped via USPS. You will notice that there is only one shipping option available during check out for these over-sized items.  Also, these items need to ship separately from other otems that you may want to purchase.  In that case, please place a separate order.
Hazardous Materials/Products
We offer several items that are considered hazardous for shipping, including lithium-ion batteries.  There are oftentimes limits to shipping quantities and methods of shipping.  In some cases, these items can only ship via ground transportation and may have a longer transit time to their destination.  Due to shipping requirements, we may need to change the selected shipping method.
Shipping Days
We are only able to ship on "business days", Monday - Friday. We are unable ship on weekends or holidays including the Day after Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve, as UPS and USPS do not pickup on these days. We make every effort to ship orders placed by 2:00 PM Pacific time the same day. Orders placed after 2:00 PM or on a weekend or holiday will be shipped promptly the very next business day.
Transit Times
Please note that transit times will vary based on the selected carrier and we cannot guarantee their services. Check carrier websites for transit estimates and days of operation which can affect time in transit.
UPS (United Parcel Service)
USPS (United States Postal Service)
International Shipping
We do not currently ship internationally.
Returns
We want your shopping experience with us to be as simple and easy as possible. For most of our products, we offer a 30 day returns policy, with some exclusions (please see exclusions below). All returns must be authorized prior to returning them to us.
Items being returned for a refund must be in new sellable condition with all accessories and printed materials intact. A 10% return processing fee will be deducted from the refund. Return authorizations can be requested within 30 days of purchase by phone, email, or through the orders section of our website (account required). You will receive a confirmation email once the return has been received and approved.
We do not provide return shipping (return labels, etc.) for your approved product returns.
Products must be shipped in an outer carton and contain a valid RA number clearly written on the outside of the shipping box/carton. If your return fails to meet our conditions, at our discretion, product(s) will be rejected, only a partial refund will be offered, and/or additional fees may be assessed. If your order was placed with free shipping and then returned, the original shipping cost will be deducted from the refund. All returns must be authorized with an RA number clearly labeled on return shipment.
Defective Products
A defective product is an item that, after being set up properly, does not operate correctly on initial use. We recommend that you do a bit of troubleshooting, either on your own or with us, before deciding to return the product. We have lots of troubleshooting information that could solve your problem! Click here to see troubleshooting tips!
Products found to be defective upon initial use or installation will be exchanged (if available) or refunded. If you have a defective radio that you want to get replaced, there is no need to send back all of the items, especially if you have already installed some of the accessories. For example, you would only need to send us the radio and microphone. If you receive a defective item, please contact us and we will get you a replacement (if available) or refund. If you select replacement, we will provide the replacement shipping.
If you did not purchase your radio from us or your radio is out of warranty, these links might help you:
Cobra® - Cobra Repair Locations
Uniden - Uniden Website
Midland - Midland Repair Information
Galaxy - Galaxy Repair Information
Exclusions
Microphones are not eligible for return.  Any media such as erasable flash cards, movies, music CDs, and software are acceptable if it is unopened. Oversized items cannot be returned, and are covered by the manufacturer’s warranty only. Consumable items such as food and water are not eligible for return. Replacement parts that require soldering (such as diodes, transistors, switches, power jacks, etc.) are sold as-is and cannot be returned. Any product that has been damaged by user, engraved, modified or has internal tampering is not acceptable for return.  Some products, including Astron power supplies and converters, are covered by factory warranty only and would need to be sent to the manufacturer for replacement or repair depending on the manufacturer's warranty policy.
Manufacturers of 10 meter radios/tranmitters do not allow returns for any reason. 10 Meter radios are not acceptable for return and carry a factory warranty only.  President,
Magnum, Galaxy and Stryker radios cannot be returned to us. Warranty for 10 meter radios are handled directly (information can be found in factory user manual) by the respective manufacturer.
Defective 10 Meter Radios must be returned to the manufacturer's warranty service center. Contact the respective warranty center at the addresses listed below for technical assistance or to request a return authorization. You can also obtain information from the product user guide.
SAR Communications (Stryker Radios) (910) 221-1086 Website: https://stryker.returnsportal.net/
Galaxy Radios (760) 480-8800 Email: techsupport@galaxyradios.com
President Electronics (239) 302-3100 Email: info@presidentpresident-electronics.us
Top Gun Technologies (814) 379-3992 Website: www.topguntec.com
Damaged Products
Any item damaged by the freight carrier will be covered by insurance. You must retain all packaging material for 10 days. We handle and file the claims for damaged shipments. Upon acceptance of the claim from the carrier, we will reship the product. Each case is handled on a personal level and we will do our best to get replacement product to you as soon as possible. If you receive a damaged item, please contact us and we will get you a replacement (if available) or refund. If you select replacement, we will provide the replacement shipping.
Holiday Returns
Any item purchased on or between 11/01 and 12/20 will have an extended returns period through January 20th. Gifts that don't work out can be returned. Happy holidays!
Stay Connected
Email
My Account
Sign in
Create account
Images & Content© by Westcoastmall
Store
About Us
Contact Us
Gift Certificates
Sitemap
Current Newsletter
Customer Service
About Your Order
Comparison List
About us
Our Team
Privacy Policy
Shop With Confidence
©
2018 -
2020 Westcoastmall.  Powered by CS-Cart - Shopping Cart Software