http://www.kellamknives.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home
Log In
Products
KNIFE SHOP
NORDIC SHOP
BOOK SHOP
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter for periodic updates.Email Address:
Specials  [more]
Chef's Knife$121.50  $97.20Save: 20% off
Search
Advanced Search
Important Links
PRESS
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Reviews  [more]
Just received the tundra leuku set. And holy crap the...
Testimonials
Thank youThank you. It is so hard to get a straight answer and you provide me with one in under twenty four hours! The Wolverine is a wonderful knife,...Read More ->Super customer serviceThanks Harriet, I appreciate your attention to my order. I'll keep referring my friends and letting them know what great products you have and the...Read More ->Prompt DeliveryHarriet, I received the knives on the 8th of March. I was and am very impressed with the prompt delivery of this merchandise. I am once again a...Read More ->GreatThis is just a test submission to show you how it looks, great, eh?Read More ->I really like my Jouni FolderI really like my Jouni Folder and use it at every opportunity. I like the heavy solid feel, the precision of the mechanisms, the sharpness of the...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Conditions of Use
By registering and purchasing through this site, customers implicitely agree to the following terms and conditions of use. These terms and conditions are subject to change without prior notice.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Notice to understand how we maintain your confidentiality.
Site Use
This site and its contents are provided solely for personal and commercial use, including the online purchase of the merchandise depicted.
Your Account
When registering on the website of Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc., you are responsible for the accuracy of your details. You are also responsible for the confidentiality of your password. Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc. accepts no responsibility for activities which occur with the use of your login ID and password. No credit card details are required for you to register but will be required where you wish to make a purchase. If you are under 18, you may only purchase items from the kellamknives.com under the supervision of your parent or guardian. Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc. reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in their sole discretion.
Electronic Communication
Any information sent to you or to us in the form of e-mail shall be accepted by you as a legally binding form of communication.
Pricing
All prices are subject to change without prior notice.
Copyright
All site content including text, logos, and graphics are the intellectual property of either Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc. or a third party and may not be re-used without a prior written consent.
To Order Call 1-800-390-6918
::
PRIVACY NOTICE
::
CONDITIONS OF USE
::
MY ACCOUNT
::
SITE MAP
::
CONTACT US
Copyright © 2020 Kellam Knives Worldwide, Inc.. Powered by Zen Cart