https://www.benjamintwiggs.com/privacy-policy/
Benjamin Twiggs respects your privacy. This document explains our policy relating to your personal data that is provided to us. Benjamin Twiggs’ registered office and headquarters are located at 1213 E. Front Street, Traverse City, MI 49686. The website is www.BenjaminTwiggs.com (“the Site”). By using this Site you agree that all personal data that you supply to us will be true, complete and accurate in all respects.
We will manage your personal data in compliance with the current US data protection legislation. Please note this applies only to Benjamin Twiggs, not to other companies’ or organizations’ websites to which we link. Personal data will be collected, processed and used by Benjamin Twiggs for the purposes of providing Benjamin Twiggs’ services and products to you and the other purposes mentioned below.
We may hold personal data relating to the transactions you enter into with others (such as an online seller) or us through the Site. We will disclose personal data to a party to the transaction to assist your transaction. When you purchase an item from us, we collect your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card details for the purpose of processing your order and notifying you of the status of your order. This allows us to involve you in our purchasing process, to administer the purchasing process, to fulfill our obligations and to notify you if there are any issues with the purchasing process as well as to arrange for payment. Information may be used to check your credit status and credit account details for ordering purposes and to bill for services or products used or purchased. We may use the data collected to obtain clearance of your credit card payment.
Unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy data relating to you will not be disclosed to any third party unless you have specifically given your consent. We will not rent or sell your personal information without your permission (other than as part of a sale of the whole or a substantial part of the assets of Benjamin Twiggs).
Benjamin Twiggs may disclose your personal data acting in good faith if it believes such action is necessary: to conform to a legal requirement or comply with the legal process, protect and defend the rights or property of Benjamin Twiggs, enforce this online agreement, act to protect the interests of its users.
We use cookies (information stored by your browser) to track information on the pages read by visitors to our site to improve the content and offerings on our sites. Although we cannot identify individuals from this information, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. Cookies can be disabled on your computer, but this may limit the experience that our website is able to offer.
When you register for any of Benjamin Twiggs’ services, newsletters, mailing lists, or promotions we will require information identifying you so that we can provide the service requested.
We may ask our registered website users to take part in surveys or opinion polls. Participation is always voluntary and on occasion may offer an opportunity to win prizes as a thank you for your time and effort.
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the web site, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
From time to time, this Site may include links to other web sites. We may not be operating the linked sites and we do not endorse the contents, views or products of the linked sites. We do not accept any responsibility for use of the linked sites. You are advised to use linked sites with caution and with due regard to any terms of use on those sites. If you transfer to other sites by using a link from our Site to theirs we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information about your trip and any purchases you may make on those sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or content of other web sites and your visit to those sites is not protected by our privacy policy. WE TAKE PRECAUTIONS WITH CUSTOMER INFORMATION AND PERSONAL DATA, HOWEVER, EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE, WE DO NOT ACCEPT RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM ANY SECURITY BREACHES THAT MAY OCCUR. It is important for you to let us know if you think that the data we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete. You may remove, change or modify information from our database by emailing here.
If you have any questions about the handling or protection of your personal data or your rights under this online agreement please contact customer service by writing to Benjamin Twiggs Customer Service at the address above.
X
FREE shipping on orders over $75! (restrictions apply)
Shop Now