http://www.negems.com/legal-disclaimer
Legal Disclaimer and Copyright Information
Terms & Conditions
Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. This web site ("the Site") is owned and operated by New England Gemstone Supply  ( NEGems ). By accessing the Site you are bound by these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions should be read in conjunction with our Privacy and Data Protection Statement. These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of The United States of America. If any dispute arises from your use of the Site you agree to allow such dispute to be heard in the US courts.
Copyright and Limited Permission to Copy
Unless otherwise stated, the copyright and similar rights in all of the contents of this Site such as text, graphics, images, photographs and other material ("Material") are owned by NEGems or by its respective third party manufacturers, authors, developers and vendors ("Third Party Providers"). You are permitted to print or download extracts from this Material for your personal non commercial use only to a single personal computer. All proprietary notices of NEGems must be retained. You are permitted to use NEGems press releases in public communications provided that you state the source of the information. Any other use of Material on this site including any form of copying or reproduction (for any purposes other than those noted above) modification, distribution, reutilization, in or integration with other materials or works or re-delivery, using framing technology or otherwise, is prohibited without the prior written consent of NEGems.
Disclaimer
All information in this site is provided for general information and promotional purposes only and does not constitute a technical specification nor does its content represent a contract in any form. The information is subject to change without notice. Statements contained are not necessarily the views of NEGems. Any changes to the terms and conditions of use will be notified to you by being posted on this page. It is your responsibility as a user to refer to these additions and changes. They will come into effect immediately on being posted and you will be deemed to have accepted them if you access the Site after that time. The Site is available to all users "as is" as is without any representations or warranties of any kind either express or implied. NEGems makes no representations, warranties, or undertakings about any of the Material on the Site including without limitation their accuracy, their completeness or their fitness for a particular purpose.
Limitation of liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither NEGems nor any of its partners, associates, consultants, employees, affiliates or other representatives will be liable for loss or damage arising out of or in connection with your use of, or your inability to use, the Materials and/or facilities or services offered through this website, including, but not limited to, indirect or consequential loss or damages, loss of data, income, profit or opportunity, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties, even if NEGems has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damages, or such loss or damages were reasonably foreseeable.
Links to Third Party Sites
The Site contains links to web sites which are not controlled by NEGems. NEGems is not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility for the contents or use of these third party sites. It is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature.
Intellectual Property Rights Notice
All product names and company logos that appear on the Site are the property of their respective owners.
Access to Password Protected/Secure Areas
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of the Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site may be subject to prosecution.
Privacy and Data Protection Statement
NEGems fully respects your right to privacy, and will not collect any personal information about you on this website without your clear permission. Any personal information which you volunteer to NEGems will be treated with the highest standards of security and confidentiality, strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act, 1988.
NEGems does not collect any personal data about you on this website, apart from information which you volunteer (for example by e-mailing us or by using our online forms ). Any information which you provide in this way is not made available to any third parties, and is used by NEGems only in line with the purpose for which you provided it.
Collection and use of technical information
This Site does not use cookies, apart from temporary "session" cookies which enable a visitor's web browser to remember which pages on this website have already been visited. Visitors can use this website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser.
Technical details in connection with visits to this website are logged by us for our statistical purposes. No information is collected that could be used by us to identify website visitors. The technical details logged are confined to the following items:
the IP address of the visitor's web server
the top-level domain name used (for example .ie, .com, .org, .net)
the previous website address from which the visitor reached us, including any search terms used
clickstream data which shows the traffic of visitors around this web site (for example pages accessed and documents downloaded)
the type of web browser used by the website visitor.
NEGems will make no attempt to identify individual visitors from the technical details listed above, or to associate the technical details listed above with any individual. It is the policy of NEGems never to disclose such technical information in respect of individual website visitors to any third party unless obliged to disclose such information by a rule of law. The technical information will be used only by NEGems, and only for statistical and other administrative purposes. You should note that technical details, which we cannot associate with any identifiable individual, do not constitute "personal data" for the purposes of the Data Protection Act, 1988.