http://www.ladders.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
SHOP
ACCESSORIES
RETAILERS
COMPANY
ABOUT US
SAFETY
CAREERS
BLOG
SUPPORT
ORDER REPLACEMENT PARTS
WARRANTY REGISTRATION
WARRANTY CLAIM
MANUALS
Search
Submit
Close search
Log in
Cart
0
items
Privacy Policy
Wing Enterprises, Incorporated, a Utah corporation doing business as Little Giant Ladder Systems (“Little Giant”, “we”, “us”, “our”) understands the value of your privacy and strives to protect it. This Privacy Notice (“Notice”) governs the manner in which Little Giant collects, uses, maintains and discloses your Personal Information (as defined below) when you purchase products from us or when you use the website http://www.littlegiantladders.com (the “Site”).
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect the following “Personal Information” from you: your name, email address, telephone number, payment card information and IP address. In general, you will know what Personal Information you provide to Little Giant because you actively and voluntarily provide it. When you purchase our product(s) from one of our dealers, we may also collect your Personal Information from that dealer.
WHAT NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We may collect non-personal information about you whenever you interact with our Site. Non-personal information may include the browser name, the type of computer, and technical information about your means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers used and other similar information. It also includes information about your general location (country, state, and city) and how long you view content on the Site.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We collect and use your Personal Information for the purpose of conducting our business (i.e., providing our products to you) and pursuing our legitimate interests, including for the following business purposes:• To run and operate our Site. We may use your Personal information to display content on the Site correctly.• To improve customer service. Personal Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.• To personalize user experience. We may use your Personal Information in the aggregate to understand how Site users as a group use the content and resources provided on our Site.• To improve our Site. We may use Personal Information you provide in the form of feedback to improve our products and Site.• To run a promotion, survey or other Site or product features. We may use your Personal Information to send you information about topics we think will be of interest to you, including promotions, surveys, and Site or product features.• To send periodic emails. We may send you information and updates pertaining to our products. We may also respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We implement appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your Personal Information.
WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We may share your Personal Information with others, such as our affiliates, dealers, contractors and service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business, including, for example, companies that provide us with technical support and assistance concerning the Site, our suppliers, and other third parties who help us provide our products to you. In accordance with applicable law, we require third parties who perform services for us to agree to treat your Personal Information confidentially and securely and only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. We may also share your Personal Information with a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Little Giant’s assets. We may also disclose your Personal Information to comply with a court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Little Giant, our customers, or others. We do not sell, trade, or lease your Personal Information to third parties.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We retain your Personal Information for as long as you remain a customer and thereafter only for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Notice, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law, including to fulfil a legal obligation.
ELECTRONIC NEWSLETTERS
We may send you emails that include news about Little Giant and related product information. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact us using the contact information below.
EXTERNAL LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
You may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, dealers, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. Such external links and websites are operated by third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. Once you have left our Site, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of information you provide on other websites.
COOKIES
When you visit the Site, we may place cookies on your computer (session and/or persistent cookies) in order to improve your experience by recognizing you when you return to the Site, such as by assigning a session ID, and to deliver content specific to your interests. We may also allow third parties to use cookies on our Site. Some of these parties may use cookies in ways that we do not. You can delete cookies at any time through your browser settings.You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the Site. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
“DO NOT TRACK” DISCLOSURE
Certain web browsers may allow you to enable a “do not track” option that sends signals to the websites you visit indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different from blocking cookies as browsers with the “do not track” option selected may still accept cookies. We currently do not honor “do not track” signals. If we do so in the future, we will update this Notice accordingly.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not use this Site. If we learn that we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us as described below.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This section of the Notice applies solely to Site visitors and customers who reside in the state of California. You have the right to: (i) request that we delete your Personal Information; (ii) request that we disclose the Personal Information we have collected about you; (ii) request that we disclose whether we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose or your Personal Information; and (iii) not be discriminated against for exercising any rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act. In the preceding twelve months, we have (i) collected, used and shared Personal Information as described in this Notice; (ii) disclosed Personal Information for a business purpose; and (iii) not sold Personal Information. Under California’s “Shine the Light” law you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such request, please contact us as outlined below.
SITE VISITORS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
Little Giant is located, and this Site is hosted, in the United States. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that any Personal Information you share with us will be stored and processed in the United States. Depending on where you are located, you may have certain rights regarding your Personal Information that may be subject to limitation. These rights include the right to: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your Personal Information; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or object to processing of your Personal Information; and (iii) request a copy of your Personal Information in machine readable format. If you wish to exercise one of the above-mentioned rights, please contact us as described below. You may also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your Personal Information with your local data protection authority.
CHANGES TO THIS NOTICE
We may update this Notice from time to time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Notice and send you an email.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Notice or your choices and rights regarding your Personal Information, you may contact us at:www.littlegiantladders.comPhone: 1-800-453-1192Email: customerservice@ladders.com
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.