http://www.homeruncards.com/privacy.htm
Search
Homeruncards!
Home
Rookie Cards
Autographs
FAQ    Ordering Info
E-mail Me
Privacy Statement for Homeruncards.com
Homeruncards.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this website: Homeruncards.com.
This site contains links to other sites. Homeruncards.com is not responsible for
the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and
services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address). Contact
information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Users may opt-out
of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and
demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). The customer's
contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of
receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Demographic and profile
data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitor's experience at
our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying
the content according to their preferences.
We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like
their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income
level). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our
visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be
interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its
users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes
public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal
information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us
and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our
database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to homeruncards_com@yahoo.com
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information
previously provided.
email homeruncards_com@yahoo.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or
your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Chuck Kemp
Homeruncards.com
4903 Eastwood Dr
Chattanooga, TN  37416
homeruncards_com@yahoo.com
Home
Rookie Cards
Autographs
FAQ    Ordering Info
E-mail Me