http://www.practicerange.com/help_desk.aspx#Privacy
Sign In
My Account
CHECKOUT - CART
Advanced Search
Help Desk
Contact Us
(866) 772-2842
Golf Training Aids
Golf Instructional DVD
Golf Instructional Books
Golf Software
Golf Gift Certificates
Golf Accessories
Golf Mats, Nets, Mirrors
Sale Items
balls
No Hassle Return Policy
Golf Affiliate Program
Wish List
Signup for Monthly Newsletter
"Your service has been first class.  I've done some
shopping around, and having been a retail executive
myself, I can honestly say that you leave the others far
behind." -- Mark
...More Testimonials from
Satisfied Customers
Help Desk
Contacting Us
Call Center hours
By E-mail
By Phone
By FAX
By
Mail
Shipping
General Shipping Information
Shipping Calculator
Post Office
Boxes
Standard
Shipping
How can I get FedEx to leave a package?
What is a waiver?
Expedited Shipping, Overnight and Two Day Shipping
Holiday Shipping Schedule
United States
Domestic 48
States
Alaska, Hawaii, US Protectorates
APO/FPO
International Shipping
Canada
Other Countries
Special
Shipping Requests
Improper Address
No Hassle Return Policy / Satisfaction Guaranteed / Low
Price Guarantee
What is the PracticeRange.com return policy?
How do I
return an order?
What is the
PracticeRange.com Low Price Guarantee?
Is my
product under warranty?
International
Returns
Payment Methods / Security Code / Checkout
Problems
What payment methods does PracticeRange.com
accept?
How do I
place an order if my facility does not approve use of credit
card payments?
Checkout Problems / Error Messages
What is the Security Code?
Where can I find the security code?
How does my
Security Code protect me?
Do I have to
enter the Security Code?
What if I can
not read my number?
How do I use PracticeRange.com e-Gift
Cards?
Order Status
How do I check the status of my order?
How
can I create a wish list?
Sales Tax
How much will I pay for sales tax?
Privacy & Security
What is the
PracticeRange.com policy on privacy?
Is it safe to
send personal information like my credit card and telephone number?
Safe Shopping
Guarantee
What is Secure
Server Technology?
What are cookies?
International Orders
On the Checkout
Page
Where does
PracticeRange.com ship golf aids, golf books and instructional videos?
How does
PracticeRange.com ship golf aids, golf books and instructional videos?
Shipping Charges, Quotes,
Duties and Customs
International
Returns
Contacting Us
PracticeRange.com
Call Center HoursM-F
8AM-5PM
(CST)By E-mail:Questions: -
help@practicerange.comComments: -
Tell Us What You
Think of PracticeRange.com
By Phone:US
Toll Free: 1.866.PRACTICE
(1.866.772.2842)US Customers: 1.254.420.1013International Customers: 001.254.420.1013
By FAX:US Customers: 1.254.420.1301International Customers: 001.254.420.1301
By Mail:
PracticeRange.com
118 Ava DriveHewitt, Texas  76643USA
Top of Page
Shipping
General Shipping
Information
Fill out your billing address using the address
your credit card is billed to.Do not forget to include any apartment number, suite
number, or building number.We cannot be responsible for an
incomplete or incorrect address that you provide.Include a day-time phone
number to help the delivery Driver find your address during daytime delivery.
If you select a business delivery address on Best Way Ground
Shipping, your package may get to you a day or two earlier.
Business addresses generally require having someone present when
the driver delivers.
Top of Page
Standard
Ground Shipping
Charge
Calculator
Order Total
Shipping
0
-
9.99
4.95
10.00
-
14.99
5.25
15.00
-
24.99
5.50
25.00
-
34.99
6.30
35.00
-
49.99
7.30
50.00
-
74.99
7.95
75.00
-
149.99
9.95
150.00
and above
11.95
*  These shipping rates are
applicable to the continental United States only.Rates to Alaska, Hawaii, and U.S. Territories will be higher than
those shown in the calculator.Oversized items will require an increase of the shipping
charges shown above.Your credit card will be billed for any difference in actual
shipping charges upon shipping.
Top of Page
Post Office Boxes
We will only ship to Post Office
Boxes utilizing USPS Priority Mail. This may cost more on larger
shipments than regular standard ground rates. If you want Expedited
Shipping you will need to provide a physical address to utilize the
expedited delivery services.
Standard Shipping -
Best Way Ground
For Standard Shipping we utilize one of the
following carriers: FedEx Ground, UPS, US Postal Service
or LTL Carrier for larger orders. To estimate your
shipping costs, use the shipping estimator in the right sidebar of
the shopping cart. Orders requesting
Expedited Delivery will have priority over Best Way Ground orders.
Ground Service Schedule Delivery Maps
Ground
Service Maps
illustrate service schedules in business days for FedEx Ground and/or UPS Ground shipments leaving our Texas
warehouse and key vendor drop ship warehouses. For FedEx
Ground and UPS Ground, a business day does not include Saturdays, Sundays,
or holidays.  The maps offer a general representation of
transit times. For a specific ZIP Code to ZIPCode transit time, please call, toll free, 866-772-2842.
Top of Page
Expedited Shipping,
Overnight and Two Day Shipping
Expedited Shipping
Select EXPEDITED shipping method during checkout.
We will choose the quickest method available without
exceeding the calculated shipping charges. The level of service
varies depending on the size and weight of the order. In most
cases, the level of service will be FedEx Express Saver or UPS
Three Day Air.
If EXPEDITED SHIPPING charges
are not enough to cover actual shipping charges, we will contact
you prior to shipment for approval.For time definite level of service, choose
Overnight or Two-Day level of service - SEE BELOW
Overnight and Two Day level of service:
1. Select EXPEDITED shipping
method during checkout.
2. Enter a message requesting Overnight or Two Day level of
service in the DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS field located under the
shipping method.
We will notify you with an estimate of shipping charges for your
approval.
You can indicate pre-approval of the additional shipping charges
in the DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS field. Your consent eliminates the
estimate and notification process and will speed up the order.
We will charge your account for the applicable shipping charges.
If the order cannot be processed same day due to inventory
availability, we will notify you immediately.
We utilize FedEx and UPS for Overnight or Two Day delivery.
Orders requesting Overnight and Two Day Shipping have priority
over Best Way Ground orders. Your credit card will be billed for
the difference in actual shipping charges upon shipping.
Overnight shipments will be delivered on the next business day.
Two Day shipments will be delivered on the second business day
following the day shipped.
Saturday delivery may be available, please call to request this
level of service.
Top of Page
Holiday Shipping Schedule
Please check
Ground
Service Maps
to confirm  service schedule
Air service requires additional charge. Please see
Premium Shipping
Guidelines
Order Date
Books, Videos, DVD's,Smaller Training Aids
Mats, Nets,
Mirrors, Rangefinders
Ships within 24 hours
Ships within
2-3 days
Through June
7
Use
Standard Delivery
Use
Standard Delivery
June 8-10
Use Standard Delivery.Call to confirm delivery will arrive in time.
Use Expedited Air Service.
Call to confirm delivery will arrive in time.
June 11-12
Use Expedited Air Service.Call to confirm delivery will arrive in time.
Will not arrive by June 16
June 13-14
Call for
Overnight or Saturday delivery
Will not arrive by June 16
June 15
Will not arrive by June
16
Send a gift in seconds - email an
Online Gift Certificate
Through December 13
Use
Standard Delivery
Use Standard Delivery
December 14-17
Use Standard Delivery.Call to confirm delivery will arrive in time.
Use Standard Delivery.Call to confirm delivery will arrive in time.
December 18-19
Use Expedited Air
Delivery
Call to verify delivery will arrive in time.
Use Expedited Air
Delivery
Call to verify delivery will arrive in time.
December 20-23
Use Expedited Air
Delivery
Call to verify delivery will arrive in time.
Will not arrive by Dec. 24
December 24
Will not arrive by Dec. 24
Send a gift in seconds - email an
Online Gift Certificate
How Can I get FedEx
to leave a package without requiring a signature.  What is a
release waiver?
As long as a tracking number has not been generated, you can
contact your local FedEx branch and put in a "Signature waiver" to
either require or not require a signature for delivery. Call
1-800-GO-FEDEX. If a tracking number has been generated for your order and once
FedEx attempts an initial delivery, they will leave a delivery
notice on your door. On the reverse side you’ll find the same
"Signature release waiver". Fill it out and they will follow your
instructions on their next delivery attempt. Some FedEx drivers
will leave a package if they are familiar with the neighborhood
and consider it safe to do so. That is completely up to the FedEx
driver.
Top of Page
United States
Domestic 48 States
PracticeRange.com uses
various carriers to ship orders. For Standard Shipping we use
one of the following: FedEx Ground, FedEx Air
Express Saver, United States Postal
Service, UPS Ground or LTL Carrier for larger orders. For Next Day or Second Day
levels of service
we use FedEx.
Alaska, Hawaii, US
Protectorates
We utilize United States
Postal Service Priority Mail Service for these
orders.Once you exceed 5 lbs the service is zoned. The further the
destination, the more expensive the shipment costs will be. We
can arrange service thru FedEx which
is considered an Air Service and is generally more expensive.APO/FPO
Military APO/FPO orders are shipped by the United States Postal
Service and take one to two business days to process and on
average five to ten working days to arrive. However,
PracticeRange.com cannot control delivery time. For APO/FPO
orders, this may take 2-4 weeks at times. Please include the APO/FPO postal code in the zip code field.
Top of Page
International Shipping
Canada
For shipments to Canada, we utilize USPS Global
Express Mail,  Federal Express and
FedEx International Ground. Shipments to
extended areas of Canada may increase the cost of shipping. We are
able to provide quotes Monday through
Friday on regular business days. Some quotes may take more than 24
hours because we have to wait for a freight company to quote us.
Other Countries
For shipments to countries other than
Canada, we utilize USPS Global Express Mail and
FedEx. Shipments to
extended areas may increase the cost of shipping. We are able to
quote rate's Monday thru Friday on regular business days. Some
quotes may take more than 24 hours because we have to wait for a
freight company to quote us.
Special Shipping Requests
To arrange for a special shipment request please
e-mail help@practicerange.com,
or Phone: 254.420.1013
, or Fax: 254.420.1301.
We can arrange to ship your package by any carrier you desire,
however, the shipping cost may be greater than the amount quoted
on the order confirmation.
Improper Address
If you do not provide us the complete proper
address or if you request the package to be delivered to another
address (other than the one you originally provided us with) and
our shipping company charges us, your credit card could be charged
up to an additional $10.00.
Top of Page
No Hassle Return Policy / Satisfaction Guarantee
What is the PracticeRange.com return policy?
We are committed to having happy customers that not only
can't wait to shop again but go out and tell their friends about PracticeRange.com. That's why we offer a
100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE. In the unlikely event that you are unhappy with your golf training aids, golf books,
instructional videos, or other product simply return it within 30 days for a 100%
refund.Items returned must be accompanied by the original packaging and
materials. Items must be in NEW and UNUSED condition. All returns
will be inspected prior to credit being issued.
Please allow a minimum of 30 days for us to receive and process your
return or exchange. We will credit or refund the value of the
merchandise total and any taxes you were charged.  All returns
will be refunded to your original purchase credit card or PayPal
account. Adjustments to credit cards will be made within two billing
cycles.All items returned must be in
NEW and
UNUSED condition.
We cannot accept returns on used clubs,
opened software, cassette tapes, compact discs, or
videos. CLOSEOUTS and DEMO ITEMS are not
returnable. SPECIAL ORDER items that are not regular in stock items
are also not returnable.
Lesson Golf Gift Certificates can be refunded for the
amount purchased less a twenty percent service charge.
PracticeRange.com will
issue a full refund less the original shipping charges by crediting
the credit card or mailing a refund check. If the return is due to
an error on our part, a full refund will be credited to your account.
Top of Page
How do I
return an order?
If you should need to return an item
first
request a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) from a
customer representative by
calling us or sending
an e-mail
message. Returned items MUST have the RMA
number written BOLDLY on the box of the returned item. Return
shipping charges are your responsibility. We recommend that you
insure the item when shipping. Please include a copy of the
invoice.
Top of Page
What is the PracticeRange.com Low Price Guarantee?
PracticeRange.com takes the hassle out of spending valuable time
searching the internet for the lowest prices on golf training aids, golf books and instructional videos.
We constantly check other golf internet companies to ensure we
maintain our competitive pricing.Our low price guarantee is simple:
If you
find a lower price on new name-brand equipment at a competing web
site or proof of a retail ad prior to purchase, PracticeRange.com
will beat the price as long as the product is in stock and
verifiable. This policy does not extend to promotional giveaways,
closeouts, sales, ad errors, or limited offers.
Note, there are certain items that may not be included in
this guarantee due to manufacturer restrictions.
ALL PRICES ARE FINAL AT THE TIME OF PURCHASE
Top of Page
Is my
product under warranty?
All products carry a full manufacturer’s warranty. Should you have a
problem within the manufacturer’s warranty period
PracticeRange.com will do everything possible to assist you
in taking care of your particular situation.
Top of Page
International
Returns
The customer is responsible for any additional duty, taxes,
brokerage fees and insurance fees that may be assessed for returned
items shipped internationally. Shipping charges are the
responsibility of the customer for warranty replacements. The
customer is also responsible for any duty, tax or brokerage fees and
insurance for replacements. Closeouts and
demo items are not returnable either domestically or
internationally.
Top of Page
Payment Methods / Security Codes / Checkout Problems
Payment Methods
PracticeRange.com accepts the following credit cards:
Visa, MasterCard, Discover, and American Express.PracticeRange.com also accepts Money Orders, Cashiers
Checks, and Personal Checks.  Select Phone/Fax as
payment method during the checkout process. We will process
your order upon receipt of payment.
Orders paid by personal
check are held for ten days before release to shipping
department.
Mail Payments to:PracticeRange.com
118 Ava DriveHewitt, Texas  76643USA
Top of Page
How do I
place an order if my facility does not approve use of
credit card payments?
We accept Purchase Orders from certain clubs and
educational institutions after credit has been
established.During checkout use the Phone / Fax payment method.Fax a completed credit application and
purchase order to customer service at (254)420-1301.
Download Credit Application
Top of Page
Checkout Problems
If there is no shipping method available during
checkout you have selected an item that is
unavailable for delivery to you requested shipping
address.  This situation occurs  with
oversize items shipping internationally and to
Alaska & Hawaii.  Please remove the oversize
item from cart and continue checkout with the items
that are shippable to your location.  You can
contact us directly to request an estimate on
shipping the oversize item.
If you need further assistance, contact us
directly to place the order.
What is the Security Code?
It is an important new
Internet security feature that now appears on the back
of most Visa/MasterCard and Discover cards, and on the
front of American Express cards. This new code is a
three or four-digit number which provides a
cryptographic check of the information embossed on the
card. The security code helps validate that the customer
placing the online order actually has
the credit card in
his/her possession, and that the credit/debit card
account is legitimate.
Where can I find the this
Security Code?
Visa/MasterCard and Discover Users
Flip your card over and look at the
signature box. You should see either the entire 16-digit credit card number
or just the last four digits followed by a
special 3-digit code. This 3-digit code is your Card Security Code.
American Express Credit Card Users
Look for the 4-digit code printed on the front of your card just
above and to the right of your main credit card number. This 4-digit code is
your Card Security Code.
How does my Security Code protect me?
The security code is only printed the card and it
is not contained in the magnetic stripe information nor does it appear on
sales receipts or billing statements - you must have the card in your
possession in order to use this code.Card Security Codes are not raised, so they are not scanned into standard
credit card readers. In theory, these numbers are only visible to you. When
you give your Card Security Code to a merchant, you assist the merchant in
verifying that the order is being placed by you, the card holder.
Do I have to enter this Security Code?
If this code is printed on your card, YES, you
must enter the code. Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express now
require Internet stores to obtain the security code for all cards that have
a code printed on them. In order for this transaction to be accepted and
processed, you must enter this code if it's printed on your card. This is
done for your protection.***If your European or Asian credit card does
not have a Security Code, you may enter the letter X or call/fax your order.
Top of Page
What if I can not read the
Security Code number?
If you cannot read the number on your
card, enter the letter "I" as in "Illegible" in the CVV field.
This will let your bank know that the number is there, but
cannot be read. Putting in an "X" instead of an "I" may cause
your bank to deny the sale.
How do I use
PracticeRange.com e-Gift Cards?
You may apply e-Gift Cards purchased
or received from PracticeRange.com to any item offered on the
PracticeRange.com website, including other e-Gift Cards.  Enter
its claim code in the "Apply a Gift Certificate" space on the price
verification screen when you enter your credit card number  This will
be the third screen in the checkout process.PracticeRange.com e-Giftcards and unused portions of e-Giftcards never
expire.  Giftcards are non-refundable except back to the originally
charged credit card account.Any unused balance will be retained under the e-Giftcard number for
future redemption opportunities.  If your order exceeds the amount of
your e-Giftcard, you must pay for the balance with a credit card when making
your purchases on the PracticeRange.com site.A PracticeRange.com e-Giftcard carries no cash value.  Sorry, we
cannot replace and are not responsible for lost or stolen e-Giftcards.
PracticeRange.com normal operating hours are from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.,
Monday-Friday.  E-Gift Cards purchased after 3:00 p.m., or on Saturday or
Sunday, will be processed the following business day.
Top of Page
Order Status
How do I
check the status of my order?
You may inquire into the
status of your order at any time by clicking on
My
Account found at the top right corner of any page. Order status will
include shipping status (pending or in transit) and
order detail (customer order ID, item detail, shipped date, anticipated arrival
date, shipper tracking number and the number of packages).PLEASE NOTE: At times we may
ship from multiple warehouses or have items drop shipped by one of our suppliers so your
items may arrive separately.
Top of Page
How can I create a wish-list?
You can create a wish list to save a list of your favorite
training aids for your own reference, or you can e-mail your list to friends
and family.
When you find an item that you are interested in adding to
your wish list, simply click the "add to cart" button.  Once you have added
the item or items you are interested in, click the "checkout" link or the
"view cart" button at the top right of the page.At the checkout page, click the "save cart" button.  If you
are not already logged-on to your account, you will be prompted to log-on or
create an account.  (Creating an account is simple, costs nothing and only
takes a few minutes.)Once you have logged on, click the "email to a friend" button
to send your wish list to friends and family, or simply continue browsing
our site.  The items saved on your wish list will be kept there until you
remove them.
Top of Page
Sales Tax
How much will I pay
for sales tax?
For
orders shipping outside of Texas, there is NO SALES TAX
For orders shipping to an address inside the state of Texas,
sales tax is calculated at 8.25% of the order total before
shipping.
Top of Page
Privacy & Security
What is
the PracticeRange.com policy on privacy?
PracticeRange.com takes your privacy very
serious. The privacy of
visitors is of paramount importance to us.PracticeRange.com is a
trademark of OnIn2 Sports Marketing, Inc.. The Federal Tax ID is 74-2601846.
Access to our family of web sites is free and anonymous.
PracticeRange.com
does not sell or give away
sensitive personal information (such as credit card information) to any company
outside of OnIn2 Sports
Marketing, Inc.
Additionally, from time
to time manufacturers assist PracticeRange.com with
fulfillment and shipping in certain product categories, and in those cases these
companies receive your name and shipping address so that they can process and
ship orders properly.
Cookies are used when entering
our site to record the location where each visitor arrived from.  This is used
for tracking visitors which come from our affiliate sites. Each web page access
is recorded in a log file. The contents of the log file are analyzed
periodically to determine how many visitors we serve, what pages they look at
most, and from where they connect.   This information is not shared with anyone
outside of OnIn2 Sports Marketing, Inc.If you have
any questions about your privacy on our web sites, please contact us.
Top of Page
Is it safe to send personal information like my credit card and telephone
number?
Security of your on-line
transaction is paramount at PracticeRange.com. All
transactions, and information gathering, are completed on our secure server.
Top of Page
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Under federal law, a credit
card issuer cannot make you liable for charges in excess of $50.00 that result
from the unauthorized use of your credit card. There are similar federal laws
that relate to debit cards. Exceptions do apply, and you will have to comply
with the rules of your credit card or debit card issuer, so please contact your
card issuer for further details. If a credit card or debit card issuer assesses you a fee because of the
unauthorized use of your credit card or debit card on our site,
PracticeRange.com will reimburse you for such amount
up to $50.00.
Top of Page
What is
Secure Server Technology?
When you're in secure mode,
your computer and our server begin communicating, sending data back and forth in
an encrypted format. The encryption features of browser software are
exceptionally powerful and ensure the security of this data as it is transmitted
to our server. Your browser in secure mode will display a URL address beginning
"https://" rather than the standard "http://". The "s" stands for "secure." In
Netscape NavigatorTM (versions 3.0 and earlier), the broken key symbol in the
lower left corner of your browser window will become a solid key in secure mode.
If you're using Netscape Communicator 4.0TM or higher, look for the padlock in
the same space: it's open in standard mode and closed in secure mode. In
Microsoft Internet ExplorerTM, you'll see a padlock symbol at the bottom of your
browser window when the browser is in secure mode.
Top of Page
What are Cookies?
Cookies are used when entering our site to record the location where each
visitor arrived from.  This is used for tracking visitors which come from affiliate sites.
Top of Page
International Orders
On the Checkout Page
Indicate the country to which the order will be shipped on the
Checkout Page.For
orders shipping to Canada:Be sure to select "Canada" in the
Country
field.Please select the correct province from the
State/Province list. For
orders shipping to countries other than the United States and Canada,
Be sure your country is entered in the Country
field.Please select
"Not Applicable" from the State/Province list.For orders shipping to countries without a
Postal Code, enter "XXXXX" in the
postal code field.Please enter as much address information as possible
in the two address lines provided.If there are any other address details,
information or instructions, please enter those into the "Special
Instructions" field.
Where does
PracticeRange.com ship?
PracticeRange.com also delivers to all
U.S. possessions and to APO/FPO addresses via U.S. Priority Mail. Standard delivery
charges apply.  Please note that Federal Express delivery
is not available
to APO/FPO addresses.PLEASE NOTE, we will not ship to the following countries due to high fraud
histories: Belarus, Columbia, Egypt, Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Romania,
Russia, Indonesia and Taiwan. If you insist, we still will not ship to the
following areas with unreliable postal service: Latin America, South
America, Africa including the Middle East, Israel, Italy, and Greece. So
please, do not ask and do not attempt to place a order. You will just be
wasting your time.
How Does PracticeRange.com ship?
PracticeRange.com uses the following carriers for
International Orders:
Federal Express and USPS
Global Express Mail. International Orders require a
physical street address and phone number. We are required to provide a
commercial invoice for all International Orders. International orders can
take as long as 3 business days plus the dateline where applicable.
Deliveries will not be made on Saturdays or holidays. International Orders
may take a day extra because of the paperwork involved.
International Shipping Charges,
Shipping Estimates, Duties and Customs
PracticeRange.com uses FedEx
and USPS Global Express Mail for International Orders. International Orders require a physical street
address and phone number.Shipping charges calculated on the order
confirmation are not always accurate.
If your international order requires an adjustment to the
shipping charge, you will receive a message via email notifying you of the
any additional
shipping charges. You must respond to this message and authorize the
adjusted shipping charges for the order to continue to be processed.
Be
sure to include your correct email address and the exact shipping amount
will be calculated and sent to you by email.  We are able to
quote rates Monday thru Friday on regular business days. All
prices are quoted in U.S. funds.We are required to provide a commercial
invoice for all International Orders.
International
customers will be responsible for payment of any applicable duties at the
time an order arrives at its destination.
Any applicable duty and/or taxes will be billed
separately to the package recipient after going through your
country's customs.You
must contact your local Department of Commerce for any duty and taxes that
may be added. PracticeRange.com orders only include the cost of the item and
the shipping. Any duty or taxes may be added at the time of delivery.
Every order we ship is triple checked by our staff before it is packed.
However, once a package leaves our store with an international destination
we can no longer be held responsible if something happens to it in customs.
If customs opens your package and charges you duty, confiscates merchandise
or anything else of that nature we cannot be held accountable.
International
Returns
The customer is responsible for any additional duty, taxes, brokerage fees
and insurance fees that may be assessed for returned items shipped
internationally. Shipping charges are the responsibility of the customer for
warranty replacements. The customer is also responsible for any duty, tax or
brokerage fees and insurance for replacements. Closeouts
and demo items are not returnable either domestically or
internationally.
If an order is refused or returned to us due to inaccurate, or
incorrect address information or because it was declined or
undeliverable, or customs returns an order because the order is not
claimed in a timely manner, PracticeRange.com reserves the right to
retain the original shipping/handling fee and to charge the payment
method originally used for costs we incur related to the return of
the undeliverable packages or merchandise to us.
Home Contact Us About Us Safe Shopping Guarantee Privacy & Security Pro-Motion Partner Program
Site Map © Copyright 2016 OnIn2 Sports Marketing, Inc.   All
rights reserved.