https://www.fastflowers.com.au/privacypolicy
LoginRegister
Your privacy is important to Fast Flowers. This policy provides information about the personal information that Fast Flowers collects and the ways in which Fast Flowers uses that personal information.
Protecting your privacy
Fast Flowers Pty Ltd ACN 089 948 121 (collectively, Fast Flowers, we, us, our) is committed to protecting your privacy.  This policy outlines how we collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information and your rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you.
By providing Fast Flowers with your personal information, you consent to the collection, storage, use and transfer of your personal information as provided for in this Privacy Policy and to enable us to provide our products and services.  By continuing to use this website or deal with us, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and any changes made to the policy from time to time.
What personal information does Fast Flowers collect?
Personal information means information or any opinion, whether true or not, and whether written down or in a material form or not, about an individual who is identifiable.  Certain personal information may be required by Fast Flowers in order to provide our products or services, such as:
·      the full name and address of you and recipient, e-mail address, billing address, contact phone numbers
·      the delivery location (such as the name of the recipient’s work, business or hospital room);
·      information about transactions (such as order dates, order amounts and payment information such as credit card details);
·      information provided in communications between you and us (such as messages to be written on personal cards); and
·      information collected to establish your identity (such as name, address, previous order history).
If you provide us with sensitive personal information about yourself, the recipient or any other person, for example, in the form of a message on a greeting card, you will be taken as having consented to us holding and using that information for the purposes of conducting our business and providing our products and services.  This includes providing order details, delivery address and message information to florists, delivery couriers and other companies that work on our behalf in order to provide our products and services.
Collection and use of information
Fast Flowers collects personal information for the purpose of conducting our business and providing our products and services.  We may collect personal information to allow us to:
enable you to order products from our website;
provide details to florists, delivery couriers and other companies that work on our behalf in order to provide our products and services;
process your inquiries and improve our products and services;
respond to your requests, customise future ordering for you and communicate with you;
design, price and develop existing and new products and services;
improve our product offerings and customer service, to personalise the website for your shopping experience and to let you know of any new offers or discounts;
promote and advertise our products and services to you and advise you of additional products or services which may be of interest to you.  Our promotion and advertising may include emails, SMS or text message reminders from us for Valentine’s Day, Mother’s Day and anniversaries; and
communicate with you regarding changes to the Fast Flowers website or any of our products and services;
provide support services to you and maintain and update our business infrastructure and systems.
You can choose not to provide Fast Flowers with the information requested.  However, if Fast Flowers cannot collect the personal information, particularly information requested in mandatory fields marked with an asterisk (*), we may not be able to provide you with the products, services or assistance you have requested (including processing and delivering your order) and you may not be able to take advantage of the products we have on offer.
If you communicate with us, such as by telephone or email, regarding products, services or offers available with one of the companies affiliated with Fast Flowers, and you then ask us to place an order on your behalf with one of those affiliated companies, you consent to Fast Flowers providing your personal information to that affiliated company.  Your personal information will then be used by that company in accordance with its Privacy Policy.
If you no longer wish to receive any marketing material from us, please unsubscribe from those services using the link included with the marketing material, or by opting out via return email, SMS or text message stating “unsubscribe”.  Alternatively, you may contact our Customer Service on customerservice@fastflowers.com.au or our Privacy Officer on privacy@fastflowers.com.au
How is information collected?
Fast Flowers collects information when you use our website or communicate with us, such as by telephone, email, SMS or text message.  This includes information you provide when placing an order with us or making an enquiry on our website.
Fast Flowers also collects information about your internet usage (for example, by way of ‘cookies’) including the products and services that are of interest to you, other websites that you access or connect with from our website and your internet protocol (IP) address.  A 'cookie' keeps track of the information you provide for example, the products in your shopping cart.  Fast Flowers uses cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer and to provide you with certain customised features.  The majority of web browsers automatically accept cookies and most allow you to instruct your browser to prevent the use of cookies. You will need to modify your current settings for 'cookies' in the Options menu of your browser, in order to view the Fast Flowers website.
Disclosure and storage of information
Unless required by law, by Court order or we are required to investigate suspected fraud or other unlawful activity, the personal information collected by Fast Flowers will only be disclosed to or seen and used by people working in Fast Flowers or for us, unless you have authorised us to do otherwise.  People that work for Fast Flowers include contracted staff in our call centre, florists, delivery couriers and other companies that work on our behalf in order to provide our products and services.  Fast Flowers does not sell or receive payments or services for disclosing customer's personal information to any external company.
We keep your personal information if required for the purpose of conducting our business, to help us deal with your enquiries or requests in the future, or if we are required to keep the personal information by law or for governance purposes.
Fast Flowers takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information and prevent unauthorised access.  We hold personal information in electronic and hardcopy form.  We store electronic information on our own system and through third party data storage providers.  Our third party storage providers, including overseas storage providers, are required to protect personal information against unauthorised access or misuse.  We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect your financial transaction and credit card details.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy will be updated from time to time and we will notify you about any changes to this Privacy Policy by uploading an updated version on the Fast Flowers website.  You should review our Privacy Policy when visit our site or provide us with personal information.
Who can you contact regarding a privacy complaint?
If you have any concerns regarding our Privacy Policy or your personal information, you may contact our Privacy Officer privacy@fastflowers.com.au or the contact details set out below.  If you are unhappy with our response or have further concerns about how we handle your personal information, you may also contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by visiting www.oaic.gov.au or by phone (1300 363 992) or email enquiries@oaic.gov.au.
How can you access your personal information?
Subject to any legal restrictions on us, we are happy to inform you of what personal information we hold about you and how we manage your personal information if you request this.  For more information, including for a copy of our Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer by:
·      Email: privacy@fastflowers.com.au
·      Telephone:  1300 327 835
·      Post: Fast Flowers Pty Ltd, PO Box 1943, Milton QLD 4064.
If you believe there are errors in our records about you, please contact our Privacy Officer privacy@fastflowers.com.au and we will be happy to investigate and correct any inaccuracies.
Occasions
Christmas
Birthday
New Baby
Get Well
Sympathy
Just Because
Romantic
Under $70
Specials
All Products
Click to call 1300 327 835