http://www.hoohobbers.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Hoohobbers is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers.We trust the policy below will answer all of your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from our Website visitors. Feel free to email us with any additional questions you might have.Collection and Use of InformationWhen visiting our Website, placing an order, requesting a catalog and/or contacting us via email, certain information may be collected, such as the following:
names, addresses, email addresses and credit card information provided in connection with purchases
"navigational information" regarding the traffic patterns of our Website, including the number of visits to a particular page and user-specific information on which pages a guest visits, average length of time spent on the site and similar site usage data
information submitted in connection with any email messages, on-site surveys or registry programs
We also use information such as your name, email address, phone number and credit card information to contact you, respond to your inquiries, send you a catalog and to process, deliver and receive payment for your purchases. In addition to using the information referenced above to fulfill your order, we also retain your name, address, email address and purchase information in our customer database. This information is used to track your order, respond to your inquiries and make subsequent purchases easier and faster.In general, you may visit all of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information. We use a Website activity reporting service called LiveSTATS on our web server. Reporting capabilities include most popular pages, most common site paths, referrers, web browser popularity, geographic segmentation and what corporate or service providers are visiting the Website. We use this information to analyze, manage and improve our Website so we may enhance your online experience and access to information and products on our Website.We do not collect any personally identifiable information that could be used to identify you such as your name, age, home address, phone number or email address. Individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.Please be advised that since our catalog promotions may already be in process at the time of your request, it may take up to ten weeks before all contacts cease. As a result, you may receive catalogs from Hoohobbers during that ten-week period. In addition, when you purchase from us online or through our catalogs, or when you choose to sign up for a promotion, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive communications.If you are registered with http://www.hoohobbers.com/, you can update your email preferences or unsubscribe from our Special Offers emails by logging in and visiting My Account/ Email Preferences. You can also use the Opt Out link in the email to unsubscribe.If you are not a registered user of http://www.hoohobbers.com/ and no longer wish to receive our Special Offers email, simply email us or call us at (773) 342-0004. You can also use the Opt Out link in the email to unsubscribe. If you have previously asked to be removed from our email list, we will not sign you up for email updates if you place an order over the Internet.Cookies"Cookies" are very small files that contain data and are stored on your computer when visiting Websites. They find their way to your computer via your web browser application. They sound friendly and helpful because they are. We use cookies to process the items in your shopping cart and to estimate and report our total audience size and traffic activity. We never use cookies to save passwords, credit card numbers, or any other highly confidential information.You can actually refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser options. However, if you turn off the option to allow cookies, you will not be able to log into your online account or add items to your shopping cart, which will prevent you from completing your order.Credit Card Information SecurityHoohobbers has taken steps to ensure the security of shopping on our Website. We use Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt information before it travels on the internet. To ensure you are accessing our secure server before you submit financial information, look at the lower corner of your browser. You should see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser) indicating that SSL is active. To double-check for security, look at the URL or Location line of your browser. If you have accessed a secure server, the first characters of the address in that line should change from "http" to "https."Who is Verisign, Inc.?Verisign, Inc. is a Certifying Authority (CA). Certifying Authorities are used to ensure your browser is communicating with the authentic Hoohobbers and not an imposter. When your browser connects to Hoohobbers for secure transactions, your browser must be assured that it hasn't connected to an impostor pretending to be Hoohobbers. Your browser, therefore, requires Hoohobbers to authenticate itself before such transactions can proceed. To authenticate itself, our Website presents your browser with the proper credentials, called a certificate. When Hoohobbers set up its secure Website, we obtained our certificate from Verisign, one of the most trusted Certifying Authorities in the world. As part of our application, we provided them with certain legal information about our organization, which they used to certify that Hoohobbers is legitimate and should be certified.Your Acceptance of These TermsBy using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of data as explained in Hoohobbers Privacy Policy. Any revisions to our policy will be posted on this web page.Your FeedbackTo help us improve our Privacy Policy and practice, please give us your feedback. You may email us or call us at (773) 342-0004.
Home
Rocking Chairs
JR Director Chairs
Gofer Tables
Moses Baskets
Toy Boxes
Sleeping Bags
About Us
Testimonials
FAQ
Contact
Search
REGISTER
LOGIN
Gift Note
Check this box to confirm the personalization details listed above are correct. No refunds are issued for personalized items.
Subtotal
Shipping and taxes are calculated at checkout.
If the package is unable to be delivered due to incorrect or incomplete shipping information, the customer will be responsible for reshipping fees.
It appears that your cart is currently empty!
Continue Browsing