http://www.justflutes.com/content/policies/security
Skip to main content
Skip to main navigation
Skip to site search, contact, help
Skip to footer navigation
From Thursday 3 December our showroom is open by appointment.Book an appointment
Call Us: 020 8662 8400
Receive for ChristmasLast Posting Dates
Free Deliveryon all UK Orders& Overseas Orders over £1000
Extended Returnsto 10 January 2021Exclusions apply
Share
Tweet
Home
Policies Security
Security
We have invested in the technology that enables you to pay for orders securely via our website.
Using a credit or debit card is the simplest way to make payment for orders. It is fast, efficient and, for overseas customers, exchange rates are handled by your card issuing company.
All connections to our website are protected by SSL. You can see the connection is secure by looking at the padlock or key icon in your browser. You'll also see that the address in the URL bar starts https:// rather than just http://.
Our secure server communicates with your browser using 128-bit encrypted SSL, so that any and all personal information you send (including your address, email address, credit or debit card details etc), is encrypted, a process which takes the words and figures you type and converts them into bits of code that are then securely transmitted over the internet.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission, except under conditions explained in our Privacy Policy.
Data is stored on encrypted, password-controlled servers located within the United Kingdom, with limited access. No-one other than our authorised staff can see or edit your personal information.
Online payments
Our Payment Service Provider is SagePay (formerly Protx) – the largest independent payment service provider (PSP) in the UK and Ireland.
SagePay provides a secure payment gateway (Level 1 PCI DSS), processing payments for thousands of online businesses, including ours. It is Sage Pay’s utmost priority to ensure that transaction data is handled in a safe and secure way.
SagePay uses a range secure methods such as fraud screening, IP address blocking and 3D secure. Once on the Sage Pay systems, all sensitive data is secured using the same internationally recognised 256-bit encryption standards.
SagePay is PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard) compliant to the highest level and maintains regular security audits. They are also regularly audited by the banks and banking authorities to ensure that their systems are impenetrable.
SagePay is an active member of the PCI Security Standards Council (PCI SSC) that defines card industry global regulation.
Disaster recovery
SagePay operates on twin data centres to ensure optimal system security and up-time and has a full disaster recovery and business continuation policy.
Jonathan Myall Music is fully PCI-DSS compliant via SecurityMetrics, Inc.
If you have any further questions, please contact us.
Also see:
Terms and conditions
Privacy
Last updated: 13/03/2020