http://www.a2z-kids.co.uk/privacy-security-policy-i4
Change Currency
€ - Euros
$ - US Dollars
£ - British Sterling
Login
Register
My Wishlist
Items (0)
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
£0.00
$0.00
0,00 €
Home
Kids Costumes
Boys Costumes
· All Boys Costumes
Girls Costumes
· All Girls Costumes
Kids Animal Costumes
· All Kids Animal Costumes
Accessories
Categories
· All Categories
· Aprons, Smocks & Waistcoats· Bags & Baskets· Cloaks, Capes & Robes· Crowns, Tiaras & Boppers· Ears & Noses· Fans & Parasols· Glasses · Gloves· Hats, Helmets & Headdresses· Jewellery· Make Up & Facepaint· Masks· Props & Other Accessories· Shoes, Boots & Boottops· Ties & Neckwear· Tights & Tutus· Weapons & Armour· Wigs· Wings & Wands
Themes
· All Themes
· Animals· Clowns· Cowboys & Indians· Halloween· Knights· Nativity· Pirates· Princesses
Events
New In
Brands
· HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON· ALICE IN WONDERLAND· ROALD DAHL· BATMAN· STAR TREK· STAR WARS· THE WIZARD OF OZ· STAR WARS - THE FORCE AWAKENS· TOY STORY
(DISNEY PIXAR)· WONDER WOMAN· HARRY POTTER· DISNEY· MARVEL· SUPERGIRL· NATURAL HISTORY MUSEUM· SUPERMAN· DISNEY PRINCESS· RED RIDING HOOD· THE HOBBITView All Brands
Sale
Search
Home / Privacy & Security Policy
competitions
|
about us
|
gift vouchers
Privacy & Security Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for a2z kids (http://www.a2z-kids.co.uk). This web site agrees to notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or third party personally identification is collected from you through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under a2z kids control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact:
A2Z Kids Ltd. Unit 14 Woodbury Business Park Woodbury DEVON EX5 1AY United Kingdom Telephone: 01395 233 860 E-Mail: sales@a2z-kids.co.uk
Information Collection and Use a2z kids is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. a2z kids collects information from our users at several different points on our website.
Order We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to re-enter any shopping cart information, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site although some functionality may be affected.
For more details, please see our full and comprehensive "Cookie Policy" using the link at the bottom of our Home page.
Log Files We use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We use a web-hosting company that processes customer orders for goods and services. The Company we currently use for customer orders is as follows:
Visualsoft:  Privacy Policy
This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
We use a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
The Companies we currently use to process financial transactions are as follows:
Barclaycard (credit and debit cards): Privacy Policy
Paypal:   Privacy Policy
Sage Pay: Privacy Policy
We have provided a link to their privacy policies
These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we [a2z kids] are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
Security
We provide a secure shopping experience for our customers and our site is PCI compliant. We do not store credit or debit card data and all payments are handled via external payment gateways with industry-standard security measures in place, including SSL encryption. Our site also benefits from private eCommerce-specific hosting to prevent outside party access to data, and we have system protection from two dedicated firewalls.
Correction/Updating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your post code), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can be done by contacting our Customer Support.
Choice/Opt-out If you use this site to purchase goods or services you may occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications on our order form.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials from our partners may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying to unsubscribe in the subject line in the email or email us at orders@a2z-kids.co.uk
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.
Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Continue BrowsingVisit our homepage.
A2Z Kids
• About Us
• Size Guide
• School Orders
• Trade Enquiries & Accounts
• Competitions
• Site Map
Customer Service
• Delivery Information
• Returns Policy
• Privacy & Security Policy
• Cookie Policy
• Terms & Conditions
• Contact Us
Fancy Dress Events
• Book Day
• School History Day
• Halloween
• Nativity & Christmas
join our exclusive newsletter:
For updates on new costumes, product offers and sales
Newsletter Signup
Join Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
Read the A2Z Blog
RSS Feed
eCommerce by Visualsoft