http://www.swell.com/help/#contact-us
20% OFF $65 / 25% OFF $125 SHOP NOWFREE SHIPPING ON U.S. ORDERS $30+ SEE DETAILSSHOP UNTIL 12/22 FOR HOLIDAY DELIVERY SEE DETAILS
Help
SIGN IN | JOIN CLUB S'WELL
U.S.
DrinkBottlesTravelersTumblersRoamersCommutersBarwareDrink ChillersS’ip by S’wellBottlesMugsTumblersEatEatsS’nack by S’wellPrep BowlsAccessoriesPersonalizeGiftsBest-Selling GiftsEntertaining GiftsFitness GiftsFoodie GiftsHome GiftsKids GiftsPersonalized GiftsSports GiftsStocking StuffersTravel GiftsShop All GiftsNew ArrivalsBest SellersSaleSetsAboutCustomer ServiceGift CardsMy Account Select your Location
United States
United Kingdom
HelpDrinkProduct InfoFunctionalityGeneralMore ProductsCaps & LidsCocktail KitBarwareStraw SetBottle HandlesCare & CautionCleaningCautionEatProduct InfoFunctionalityPro TipsCare & CautionCleaningCautionCustomer ServiceServicesPersonalizationGift BagsGift MessagingClub S'wellPoliciesPromotional ExclusionsDiscounts & PromotionsWarranty InformationShipping & ReturnsStay updated with announcements, find answers to S’well questions, and share your suggestions with us.There are no announcements at this time.DRINKProduct InfoFunctionalityHow does my S’well product work?Thanks to our Therma-S'well® Technology and triple-layered insulation, which includes a copper layer, S'well products are able to keep any liquid hot or cold for long stretches, while maintaining a condensation-free exterior.S'well Bottles, Travelers, and Roamers will keep your beverages colder or hotter, longer than all the rest.S'well Barware & Tumblers' interiors keep beverages cold or hot for extended periods of time. They do not hold the same thermal claims as other S'well Drink Products as they are open containers and not fully sealed.Please note, S'well product claims are based on tests using water. Other beverages may have varying results.Please see our Care & Caution section for the full scoop on how to use your S’well product safely and effectively! What can I use my S’well product for?Each S’well product is a born multi-tasker—it’s really up to you how you want to integrate it into your lifestyle. Looking for inspiration? Below, we’ve outlined some of the important features of each of our products and a few of our favorite ways to use them.The Original Bottle: Our classic S’well bottle is coveted for a reason: it combines beautiful design with superb quality, and can be used around the clock for all your hydration needs. We love using it for everything from ice water to white wine to green juice. It’ll keep your beverage cold for up to 36 hours and hot for up to 18, and maintain a condensation-free exterior so you’ll never have to worry about it sweating in your bag or making water rings on your desk.The Traveler: Consider the Traveler your go-anywhere go-to. Ergonomically designed to fit comfortably in your hand, this new wide mouth shape is optimal for coffee or smoothies on your morning commute, or for hydrating during hikes or workouts. Triple-walled insulation keeps beverages cold for up to 36 hours and hot for up to 15.The Tumbler: Calling all entertainers: the Tumbler is about to be your new best friend for all your indoor and outdoor festivities. Available in two sizes (10oz and 18oz), the Tumbler keeps drinks hot or cold with a condensation-free grip, making it perfect for serving up small batch cocktails at home or sharing a bottle of rosé on the beach. It’s also great for keeping water cold through the night on your bedside table, or throughout the workday at your desk. Heading out? Our insulated stainless steel Tumbler Lid instantly transforms the Tumbler into the ultimate to-go cup. The lid pops on with ease and is straw-friendly.The Roamer: Meet your new, on-the-go pitcher: the ready-for-anything Roamer. In 40oz and 64oz sizes, it’s ideal for sharing beverages with your whole crew. It will keep you hydrated on all your big adventures—think long hikes, road trips and camping excursions—and keep carbonated beverages (like beer) fresh and bubbly at tailgate parties or trips to the brewery.The 40oz Roamer keeps beverages cold for up to 48 hours and hot for up to 16, and maintains a condensation-free exterior. Its ergonomic handle and base ledge make for easy carrying and pouring. The handle of S’well Roamers is made of Tritan, which is BPA-free, and is not intended for removal.How do you use your S’well? Tag @swellbottle and #swellbottle for a chance to be featured on our social media accounts!Please see our Care & Caution section for the full scoop on how to use your S’well product safely and effectively!Can I put my S’well products in the refrigerator, freezer or microwave?We do not recommend putting your S’well in the refrigerator, freezer, or microwave, as it can damage the bottle and its vacuum seal. But not to worry—you probably won’t have to warm or cool your beverage. Thanks to S’well’s genius, triple-layer technology, your drink should stay cold for up to 36 hours and hot for up to 18. (This pertains to our lidded products, such as our Original Bottle, Traveler and Roamer.)Can I use my S’well products to store drinks and keep them fresh?Your S’well will certainly help your drink stay fresh all day long, but it’s not intended for long-term storage of liquids. Alcohol, some juices, and dairy-based beverages can spoil and may cause excessive pressure buildup in your bottle, which can lead to lid failure and injury. And remember, putting your S’well in the fridge can damage the vacuum seal that helps it maintain ideal temperatures.Can I fly with my S’well?Your S’well is airport security friendly, as long as you remember to empty out what’s inside first. Bon voyage!Will my S’well product sweat?No way! Thanks to S’well’s triple-walled insulation, which includes a copper layer, the outside of your S’well will stay completely condensation-free.GeneralWhat are S’well products made of?S’well products are made of high-quality, 18/8 food-grade stainless steel. This material is highly resistant to rust and does not need a liner. S’well products are certified to meet all regulatory requirements by an independent and accredited testing facility. In addition, we are compliant with California Prop 65 regulations and Title 21 of the FDA Code of Federal Regulations. Your S’well is BPA-free, and provides a sustainable eco-friendly alternative to single-use plastic water bottles.Where are S’well products manufactured?Our bottles and beverage containers are thoughtfully designed in New York City and responsibly made in China.How will my S’well be packaged?As S'well evolves, we continue to find new ways to lessen our environmental footprint. In fact, we launched S'ip by S'well with minimal cardboard packaging and we’ve recently updated (and downsized) our S'well packaging to a slim belly band made of paper that has been harvested in a responsible manner. These discreet belly bands contain all the information you'll need about your new product, including care and caution instructions. The band is secured around your S’well with a few glue dots; it should come off with ease. If any residue remains on the product, a little rubbing alcohol (91%) will help it come off without damaging the paint on your bottle. Anything stronger than that may compromise the finish.Be assured that we have taken the necessary steps to ensure that our products are properly protected during shipping and that we will continue to uphold our standards of excellence with this packaging change.What is the approximate size and weight of each S’well product?S'wellS’well Original: 25oz = 11.81”H x 3.15” W, 1 lb 17oz = 10.39” x 2.80” W, 0.69 lbs 9oz = 7.89”H x 2.64” W, 0.5 lbsS’well Traveler: 20oz = 9.2”H x 3.25” W, 1 lb 16oz = 8.1”H x 3.25” W, 0.8 lbs 12oz = 6.5”H x 3” W, 0.69 lbsS’well Tumbler: 18oz = 6.1”H x 3.3” W, 0.47 lbs 10oz = 3.3”H x 3.3” W, 0.25 lbsS’well Roamer: 64oz = 10.8"H x 5.2"W, 1.8 lbs 40oz = 8.9"H x 4.7"W, 1.44 lbsS’well Cocktail Kit jigger: .75oz/1.5ozS'ip by S'wellS'ip Original 23oz. = 11.75"H x 3.2"W, 0.94 lbs 15oz. = 10.39"H x 2.80"W, 0.69 lbs 10oz. = 7.89"H x 2.64"W, 0.5 lbsS'ip Travel Mug 16oz = 7.83"H x 2.92"W, 0.62lbsMore ProductsCaps & LidsWhat is the Sport Collection?Designed to accommodate your active lifestyle, the Sport Collection offers ease and accessibility on-the-go, whether your passion is long runs, high hikes or back bends.What are the different type of caps?Swing Cap: The new Swing Cap is designed with a hinged handle for comfortable, two-fingered carrying. It can also be clipped onto backpacks or bags for hands-free portability.Sport Cap: Our Sport Cap clicks open and closed easily for a one-handed and splash-free drinking experience. No need to pause the treadmill or interrupt a perfect yoga pose to unscrew the cap, simply click it open to hydrate easily. The Sport Cap is intended to be used with cold liquids only. Do not use with carbonated beverages. S'ip Adventure Cap: Designed with a convenient pop top, the S'ip Adventure Cap is ideal for on-the-go sipping and storage. The U-shaped stainless steel handle is designed for easy carrying, or clipping onto your bag or backpack for hands-free portability. The S'ip Adventure Cap is intended to be used with cold liquids only. Do not use with carbonated beverages.Please Note: The S’well Sport Cap and S’ip Adventure Cap are designed for convenience and ease of drinking; temperature retention may vary to that of the S’well Original Cap which is meant for insulation and storage. Can my Swing or Sport Cap be used on other bottles?Our new Swing and Sports caps were designed to fit most of our S’well bottles. Please note that these caps may not fit some of our bottles.What is the S’well Commuter Lid?The Commuter Lid transforms any size S’well Traveler into the perfect on-the-go beverage container. Designed to sip on during even the most hectic on-the-go moments, the Commuter Lid offers the easiest of access to hydration (or java motivation) when you need it most. The stainless steel lid features a convenient pop top. Simply pop up the tab to drink, and snap it shut to seal again.Please Note: The S’well Commuter Lid was designed for convenience and ease of drinking; temperature retention may vary to that of the S’well Original Traveler Lid which is meant for insulation and storage.How should I care for my Commuter Lid?Clean using warm, soapy water. Make sure to dry upside-down. Do not use with carbonated beverages.How do I use my Commuter Lid?For on-the-go sipping, just screw on the lid and use the tab on top to open and close. Be sure you make sure it’s tightly closed before throwing it into your bag!
Do not use the sipping tab to twist the lid on and off!Will the Commuter Lid fit on my S’well Traveler?Yes! The Commuter Lid was made to be used on all sizes of our S’well Traveler.Cocktail KitWhat is the S’well Cocktail Kit?With all the hosting and toasting that comes with the holiday season, our new Cocktail Kit makes the perfect gift for your favorite aspiring mixologist, hostess or spirits connoisseur—or festive present to yourself. Measure and mix your drink of choice using our stainless steel jigger and shaker, then serve in our dinner-party-ready Tumblers.Please note the S’well Cocktail Kit was designed for shaking and serving; temperature retention may vary.How do I use the Cocktail Kit?The S'well Cocktail Kit comes with three components: the tumbler, the lid, and the cap. To avoid air pockets you must first remove the cap before placing the lid onto the tumbler. You'll want to shake with care and keep your index finger on cap of the shaker when shaking.This product is not intended for use with carbonated beverages. S’well does not recommend using carbonated beverages with your Cocktail Kit.How many ounces does the Cocktail Kit jigger hold?The jigger holds the standard .75 ounces in its small end and 1.5 ounces in its large end. These measurements are when it is filled to the rim.How should I care for my Cocktail Kit?You can clean all the components of your Cocktail Kit with soapy warm water.
Do not place it in the dishwasher.BarwareWhat is the S’well Barware collection?Host and toast like a professional party planner with a full lineup of barware essentials. Featuring every item needed to craft a cocktail and raise a glass, S’well Barware’s beautiful pieces are designed to help socialize in style. Stainless steel interiors keep beverages cold or hot for extended periods of time, and S'well's signature prints elevate entertaining moments—inspiring a reason to celebrate!Please note the S’well Barware collection was designed for entertaining and serving; temperature retention may vary.What is the approximate size and weight of each S’well Barware product?BarwareChampagne Flute: 6oz. = approx. 2.44"D x 2.44"W x 4.96"H, 0.26lbsWine Tumbler: 9oz. = approx. 3.23"D x 3.23"W x 3.74"H, 0.29lbsShaker Set: 18oz. = approx. 3.33"D x 3.33"W x 8.43H, 1.40lbsWine Chiller: 7.50oz. = approx. 4.69"D x 4.69"W x 8.27"H, 1.18lbsIce Bucket: 68oz. = approx. 6.50"D x 6.50"W x 6.85"H, 1.77lbsCarafe: 51oz. = approx. 4.72"D x 4.72"W x 11.22"H, 1.57lbsHow should I care for my Barware?To keep your products in the best shape, S'well alwyas recommends hand-washing your products. The Barware collection is top-rack diswasher safe. For larger products, like the Wince Chiller and Ice Bucket, hand-washing your products is highly recommended.Straw SetWhat are the dimensions of S'well's stainless steel straw?S'well's straw is composed of three components: a 6.7" base piece, a curved silicone flexi-neck, and a 2.2" end piece. The complete straw measures approximately 9.4 inches in length with a .24 inch diameter.What are the straws made of?The straws are made of high-grade 18/8 stainless steel and FDA approved food-grade silicone. They are BPA/BPS-free, eco-friendly, and reusable.How do I clean my straw set?First, take the straw pieces apart - use caution when handling small components around small children. Wet the cleaning brush with warm soapy water and then use to clean the interior and exterior of each piece. Rinse thoroughly, and allow to dry completely before reassembly and drinking use.Please clean before initial use.What can I use my straw for?For everyday hydration, of course! The straw fits in the mouth of all our bottles, travelers, and both the Commuter and Tumbler lids.! Pro Tip: You can also use the straw without the end piece and drink directly from the silicone flexi-neck.Caution: Hot liquids can burn user. Not for children under 3 years old.Super Chill Ice TrayWhat are the dimensions of S'well's ice tray?S'well's Super Chill Ice Tray is 7.5in. x 4.5in x 1in. Each of the 7 cavities holds 1.25oz of liquid.What is the ice tray made of?The ice tray is made of high-grade FDA approved food-grade silicone. This product, like all S'well products, is BPA/BPS-free.How do I clean my Super Chill Ice Tray?S'well's ice tray is dishwasher safe. You can also handwash with warm soapy water. Please wash before initial use.How do I use my Super Chill Ice Tray?Fill the cavities with water* and place in a freezer to create ice! These fun-shaped ice cubes will fit into most of our products, especially our S'well Original bottle.*This product is tested with water; other liquids may cause staining.Bottle HandlesWhat is the S'well Bottle Handle?Our durable S’well Bottle Handle makes any size S'well bottle easier and more comfortable to carry, featuring an innovative design and a flexible grip. The handles are made from lightweight silicone and BPA/BPS-free.Please note, rubbing from the Bottle Handle may cause the finish to wear where rubbing occurs.What are the dimensions of the Bottle Handle and Traveler Handle?The Bottle Handle is 2.17" wide, 3.15" long and has a depth of 0.98". The Traveler Handle is approximately 2.87" wide, 4.33" long and has a depth of 0.98".How do I clean my bottle handle?S'well Bottle Handles are top-rack dishwasher safe, but handwashing is recommended to extend the life of the handle.Which bottles do the handles fit on?The Bottle Handle will fit any 9oz, 17oz or 25oz S'well bottle. The Traveler Handle will fit any 12oz, 16oz or 20oz Traveler or Commuter.How do I install my S'well Bottle Handle?To install a bottle handle to your bottle, simply remove the cap from your bottle and press down around the edge of the handle, making sure it is below the rim of your bottle's neck.Care & CautionCleaningHow do I clean my S’well?S'well products should be cleaned regularly—we recommend washing your bottle with warm water and soap after every use and drying and storing it with the top off. Our S’well Bottle Brush is a great tool to ensure your bottle stays thoroughly clean. Avoid submerging your bottle and cap in water for long periods of time as this will interfere with the vacuum seal. S'well bottles are NOT dishwasher safe! Running a S’well through the dishwasher can cause paint to chip and the vacuum seal to become ineffective. After washing your S'well, we recommend that you dry your beverage container by airing it out upside down and storing it with the lid off. This will help keep your S’well looking and smelling fresh.How do I remove the belly-band from my bottle?The band is secured around your S’well with a few glue dots; it should come off with ease. If any residue remains on the product, a little rubbing alcohol (70-91%) will help it come off without damaging the paint on your bottle. Anything stronger than that may compromise the finish.How do I clean Chalk Pen ink from my bottle?Chalk Ink Pens are a fun way to label and personalize your bottle. The ink won’t rub off on your hand when you take a drink, but can easily be removed with a damp cloth, sponge or a bit of dish cleanser. Chalk Ink pens are safe and toxin free, just like the rest of our products.How do I clean/store/handle my S'well Swarovski bottle?For questions or concerns regarding warranty and cleaning information for our Swarovski bottles, please email help@swell.com.Caution:What should I be aware of while using and taking care of my S’well bottle?S’well products should only be used for their intended purposes.Do not place your S’well in the microwave.Do not place your S’well in the freezer.Do not overfill; hot liquids can burn user.To prevent spills and leaking, the lid needs to be properly and fully tightened to ensure airtight seal.S’well products are not intended for the long-term storage of liquids. Alcohol, some juices, and dairy-based beverages can spoil and may cause excessive pressure buildup in your bottle, which can lead to lid failure and injury.If you are using your S’well to enjoy a fizzy soda, some bubbly, or another carbonated beverage, please use caution when opening. The airtight seal maintains the pressure required for all those bubbles. However, we don’t want you to spray some champagne on your favorite jacket or have the cap get away from you. If using with carbonated beverages, never point the bottle at anyone when opening.S’well Tumblers, even paired with our lid, are not enclosed and may spill if not handled with care. Hot beverages can cause serious injury if spilled on user, so remember to exercise caution when using this product.Misuse of the S’well Roamer and its handle may result in injury, as well as cause premature wear and tear of the beverage container.Misuse of the Swing Cap and its handle may result in injury, as well as cause premature wear and tear of the bottle.EATProduct InfoFunctionalityHow do my S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ work?S'well Eats™Using our triple-layered ThermaS'well™ insulation technology, which includes a copper layer, S’well Eats™ products are able to keep any liquid hot or cold for longer stretches of time while maintaining a condensation-free exterior.Both large and small S'well Eats™ can keep food hot for up to 6 hours and cold for up to 8 hours depending on its contents.Snack By S'well™Using our double-layered insulation technology, S'nack by S’well™ products are able to keep any liquid hot or cold for longer stretches of time while maintaining a condensation-free exterior.The large S'nack by S'well™, can keep food hot for up to 6 hours and cold for up to 8 hours depending on its contents, while the smaller size works for up to 4 hours hot and up to 5 hours cold.*Please note, different foods may have varying temperature retention results.*Pro TipsHow can I use my S’well Eats™and S’nack by S'well™for maximum thermal efficiency?Here are some tips from our team of experts to help Power Your Prep and get the most out of our product:Preheat or precool your S’well Eats™ or S’nack by S'well™to keep food hot and cold longer. For best results, fill with either cold or hot water for 5-10 minutes. Empty water and immediately fill with contents, quickly re-cover lid, and you're good to go.The hotter your food is when you prepare it, the longer it will retain its temperature. For example, food prepared on the stovetop will stay hotter longer than if warmed in the microwave. Same goes for food that's already in the refrigerator: If you transfer it directly to your bowl, quickly, it will remain colder longer than if prepared or left out too long at room temperature. Consider this: To Power Your Prep by making your salad or chia pudding the night before and slipping the prep bowl into the stainless steel, exterior bowl just before you leave home.Another thing to keep in mind: portion size and air space. The more you fill the container, the longer its contents will stay cold or hot. Similarly, the higher the food density, the greater temperature it retains. What does this mean in everyday terms? A full bowl of thick oatmeal will be warmer, for longer, than a few chicken nuggets at the bottom of the bowl surrounded by air.Hot food that travels outside in the cold won't keep as long; the same goes for cold food in the heat. The best way to control the temperature of your food is to keep it indoors.Can you give me some examples of what foods to use with my S’well Eats™and S’nack by S'well™?Sure! Our products are perfect for greens and grains, soups and sandwiches, and, well, everything in-between. S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ invite you to be creative and eat with meaning. Show us how you Power Your Prep on social media. We are inspired by you!How can I use my S’well Eats™ for maximum thermal efficiency?Here are some tips from our team of experts to help Power Your Prep and getting the most out of our prep bowl:With S’well Eats™ you can prepare your meals for the day or week easier than ever before. The Tritan™ prep bowl can be stored in the refrigerator or freezer, which helps precool your food well before it's to-go time. Similarly, food prepared on the stovetop will keep food hotter, longer.Another thing to keep in mind: portion size. The more you fill the bowl, the longer its contents will stay hot or cold (i.e. less air space, better results). The S’well Eats™ prep bowl is stamped with measurements for maximum convenience and to Power Your Prep all the way from the kitchen to your final destination.The S’well Eats™ prep bowl is not intented to be used on its own for transport. At home, however, it's an easy, sustainable solution for your food storage needs. Each BPA/BPS-free prep bowl is safe for use in the refrigerator and freezer, plus the dishwasher, so you can Power Your Prep with even greater everyday ease and convenience. And with the S’well Eats™ Prep Bowl Set, which includes four prep bowls, you can fulfill your on-the-go eating needs all week long!Care & CautionCleaningHow do I clean my S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™?All S'well products should be washed before initial use. S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ products are all top-rack, dishwasher safe and should be cleaned regularly. To extend the life of the product, we recommend hand-washing your S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ with warm soapy water and air drying with the lid removed after every use.Use of a dishwasher may deteriorate the finish of this product which may not be covered under any warranties.How do I clean my S'well Eats™ prep bowls?Made of durable, stain-resistant Tritan™, The S'well Eats™ prep bowl is safe for use in the dishwasher. While it is safe to place your S'well Eats™ prep bowl on the top rack, to ensure longevity of the lid, we suggest hand-washing. Look for the easy-pull tab on the inside of the lid to remove the gasket for more thorough cleaning. For any further questions or concerns regarding cleaning our food items, please email help@swell.com.Extended Care InstructionsDo not use abrasive cleaners or scrubbing agents since doing so may dull the finish of your S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™. Never use bleach or cleaners containing chlorine. S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ are made of stainless steel, which should not retain flavor or odors, but if you've already given your product a thorough clean (with warm soapy water and air drying with the lid removed, as suggested) you may try mixing a solution of 1/4 cup vinegar and 3/4 tablespoon of baking soda; let bowl or container soak in solution overnight; rinse thoroughly and air dry.If the interior of your S’well Eats™ or S’nack by S'well™ becomes stained, you can try mixing a solution of warm water and two tablespoons of baking soda; let solution soak inside product for one hour; rinse thoroughly and air dry. To remove stubborn stains, let solution soak inside your your S’well Eats™ or S’nack by S'well™overnight. Never use bleach or cleaners containing chlorine.Sometimes the gasket, which is located inside the lid of both S’well Eats™ or S’nack by S'well™, needs cleaning. The gasket is dishwasher safe, but placing it within a dishwasher basket is recommended. Alternatively, you may mix your own cleaning solution of 1/4 cup vinegar and 3/4 tablespoon of baking soda; let gasket soak in solution overnight; rinse thoroughly and air dry. Avoid submerging your S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ products in water for long periods of time as this may interfere with the vacuum seal.For any further questions or concerns about cleaning our food items, please email help@swell.com.How do I remove the belly-band from my S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™?The band is secured around your bowl with glue dots; it should come off with ease. If any residue remains on the product, a little rubbing alcohol (70-91%) will help it come off without damage. Anything stronger than that may compromise the finish.Caution:What should I be aware of while using and taking care of my S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™?S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ products should only be used for their intended purposes.Do not place S’well Eats™ stainless steel, exterior bowls and lids in the microwave, oven, stove or freezer. S'well Eats™ prep bowls and lids are refrigerator, freezer and microwave-friendly.Do not place S’nack by S'well™ in the microwave, oven, stove or freezer.To prevent spills and leaking, make sure lids are applied properly and always transport your S'well Eats or S'nack by S'well in its upright position. If using S'well Eats™, the stainless steel, exterior lid needs to be properly and fully tightened, and the lid on the S'well Eats™ prep bowl should be applied properly. Hot contents can cause burns, scalding or property damage.Always test the temperature of contents in your S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ before consuming.S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ are not intended for long-term storage; be sure to empty and clean product after each use.Long-term storage use can cause excessive pressure to build up, which could cause lid failure and injury. In the event of such circumstances, use caution before attempting to open the lid. Never open a lid pointed at someone—always open away from yourself and others.Long-term storage may lead to spoiled food, although the rate at which food spoils varies.
If you are concerned about the safety of your food, please consult www.fda.gov for further information and guidelines.S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ products are not recommended for use with warm milk or baby food as bacterial growth can occur at certain temperatures and render consumption unsafe. The rate at which food spoils varies. If you are concerned about the safety of your food, please consult www.fda.gov for further information and guidelines.If you are concerned about the safety and/or freshness of your food, please consult www.fda.gov for further information and guidelines. S'well bears no liability on whether the contents are safe to consume.Do not use with dry ice, dairy products, or carbonated or fermented food and beverages. Doing so may cause excessive pressure to build up, which can lead to lid failure or forceful ejection, resulting in spills that can cause scalding, burns or property damage.If you're having difficulty removing the lid of a S’well Eats™ or S’nack by S'well™, this may be the result of excessive pressure build-up. In the event of such excessive pressure build-up, use caution when opening. Never open a lid pointed at someone, and always open away from yourself and others. If you are unable to remove the lid, please discontinue use and immediately contact customer service at help@swell.com. Pressure build-up can lead to lid failure or forceful ejection, and spills that can cause scalding, burns or property damage.Do not overfill; leave space at the top of S’well Eats™ and S’nack by S'well™ for lid to avoid overflow. If spills occur, hot contents can lead to scalding, burns or property damage.Handle with care. Always use caution when handling hot contents. Test the temperature of your food before eating.These products were designed with all family members in mind. To ensure safety and ease for younger users, we recommend that an adult provide support in opening the container. Excessive pressure build up could cause hot contents to cause scalding, burns and property damage.What should I be aware of while using and taking care of S’well Eats™ prep bowl?S’well Eats™ and S’well Eats™ Prep Bowls should only be used for short-term storage of food items.The S’well Eats™ prep bowl can be placed in the microwave, refrigerator and freezer. Do not place the S’well Eats™ stainless steel, exterior bowl in the microwave or freezer. The stainless steel, exterior lid needs to be properly tightened to prevent leakage and ensure optimal temperature retention.Vent (open slightly) the pop-top lid before microwave use. Use for reheating purposes only.To prevent spills and leaking, make sure lids are applied properly and always transport your food product in its upright position. Hot contents can cause scalding, burns or property damage.For leak-proof transport, nest the S’well Eats™ prep bowl inside the stainless steel, exterior bowl.The S’well Eats™ prep bowl is not intented to be used on its own for transport; it's designed to be used with the stainless steel, exterior bowl. The prep bowl can be used on its own for at-home prep and storage, but if you choose to use it on the go, be mindful that the lid will only be fully secure if nested within the stainless stel, exterior bowl.Customer ServicePayment ServicesWhat forms of payment does S'well accept on www.swell.com?S'well accepts most major credit cards, including:VisaAmerican ExpressMastercardDiscoverJCBDiners Club S'well accepts payments from the following platforms:PaypalQuadPayWhat is QuadPay?QuadPay splits any payment into 4 interest free installments in-store and online. Your linked payment card will be charged in 4 installments over 6 weeks. Visit QuadPay for more information on how it works.For any questions or concerns regarding QuadPay, visit the QuadPay Support Page.My order is not going through, what should I do?If you are experiencing issues placing an order try the following steps:Confirm your billing infromation is correct, especially your zipcode.Verify with your bank the transaction has been approved.Should you continue to exprience issues, please contact our Customer Experience team.Other ServicesPersonalizationHow does S’well personalization work?We’re so excited to offer personalization as a way to make your S’well all your own. By visiting the Personalization Shop on our website, you can specify the name, initials, or word of your choice and it will be engraved on your S’well bottle by our decorators. This engraving option is available for select S’well Bottle styles and sizes. We do not offer color or printed personalization at this time. See our Personalization page for more information and to place a personalized order. Please read our Policies for more restrictions.How long will it take for my personalized order to ship? Peak Season Notice*Orders will be processed within 24 hours of receipt of order.* Once your order ships, we’ll send you a tracking number so you can keep tabs on your package. Currently, we offer the following shipping methods for personalization:Economy Shipping Your order will ship within 1 business day and arrive 4-8 business days after the order was shipped.*International Shipping For most countries, you can expect delivery in 8–11 business days from the time your order is placed (including a 1-3 day processing period), this may vary depending on your country’s customs requirements.**Peak Season Notice: Orders containing personalized items may experience a slower processing time and ship within up to 72 hours of receipt.How much does personalization cost?All personalization costs $10. This cost will be added to the original listed price of the S’well product.Is there a character limit for personalization?We currently have three personalization options available, each with a different character limit. If you choose to engrave a name, there is a 10 character limit. For initials, there is a 3 character limit.Can I add an Emoji or special character?Special characters are limited to the following lower case letters: à, â, ä, é, è, ê, ë, ì, ï, î, ò, ô, ö, ù, ç, and ñ.How will the personalization be displayed?If you choose our Name option, it will be engraved vertically on the bottle. If you choose Initials, it will be engraved horizontally. The text will be centered on the bottle on the opposite side from our S’well logo. At this time it cannot be adjusted to any other location.What S’well styles and sizes can be personalized?Please see the full list of styles and sizes available here.Can I choose the font I want to engrave with?Our personalization is done in our custom S’well font, designed specifically for a clean look that works nicely with our bottle design. We do not offer other font options at this time.Can I return/exchange a personalized bottle?All personalized bottles are Final Sale. We will not accept returns or exchanges.Gift Bags:What is a S’well Gift bag?Our S’well Gift Bag is a perfect solution for concealing your recipient’s S’well surprises. The 100% cotton pouch comes in a variety of sizes to fit all our bottles, including S’ip bottles and our new S’well Roamers.What bottle fits in each size? What are the Dimensions of your gift bags? Small - approx. 5.75” (bottom panel dia.) x 11”(H). Flat width is 8”Bottles: 9oz/17oz S’well Original; 12oz/16oz S’well Travelers; 10oz/18oz S’well Tumblers; 15oz S’ip Medium - approx. 6” (bottom panel dia.) x 14”(H). Flat width is 9”Bottles: 25oz S’well Original; 20oz S’well Traveler; 10oz/15oz/23oz S’ip Bottles; 16oz S’ip Travel Mugs Large - approx. 6.5” (bottom panel dia.) x 13”(H). Flat width is 10.5”Bottles: 40oz/64oz S’well RoamersDoes the gift bag come with a “to/from” hang tag?Yes, allowing you to let your recipient know who sent them their awesome S’well bottle.Can my gift bag be embroidered?Currently, we do not have an embroidering feature.Can I reuse my S’well gift bag?Yes, we recommend it! The ways in which you repurpose your gift bag is only limited by your creativity!Gift Messaging:What is the character limit for gift messages?300 characters. Please no special characters or emojis, stick to English characters. Please read our Policies for more restrictions.Is there an additional fee for gift messages?No, this is a free service!Can I edit my gift message?Once you have submitted your order, we will not be able to edit your gift message.Where will my gift message appear?Your gift message will be located on the bottom of the S’well packing slip.Club S’well:What is the Club S'well?Club S'well is our loyalty program where you can earn points, gain exclusive access and join a community dedicated to bringing style, innovation and joy to sustainable living.How do I join Club S’well? Does it cost anything?You can join the Club S'well loyalty program by signing up at https://www.swell.com/club-swell/ and following the prompts to register. In order to sign up, you need an account.
If you do not have an account, you can create one by providing your name and creating a password. There is no cost to join.Who is eligible to join the Club S'well?The Club S'well loyalty program is available to individuals who are at least 18 years of age or older and who provide and maintain a valid email address.What am I agreeing to by joining the Club S'well?By becoming an Club S'well loyalty member, you agree that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Program Terms & Conditions and by the terms of our Privacy Policy and by any changes or modifications we may make.How does the Club S'well work?Club S'well
is a loyalty program that rewards customers for purchases on swell.com and for participating in certain activities. It is a tier-based program determined by the number of points a member has earned within a single year on eligible purchases and through qualifying activities, beginning on the date when you enroll. There are 3 tiers with associated benefits:Tier 1, Ocean Blue0 – 99 pointsTier 2, Onyx100 – 299 pointsTier 3, Teakwood300+ pointsWhen you join, you’ll automatically be placed in Tier 1, Ocean Blue and be eligible for all the benefits Tier 1 members receive. Once you earn at least 100 points in your first year, you’ll be automatically moved up to Tier 2, Onyx. If you earn 300 points or more in your first year, you’ll qualify for Tier 3, Teakwood.Your status in a particular tier is good for the year in which you qualify for that tier.The higher the tier, the better the benefits.What benefits do members receive?As a member, you earn points that determine your points benefits plus tier levels and tier benefits. Points Benefits: At different point levels you will unlock rewards that can be used in conjunction with a purchase on swell.com. These rewards are based on the number of points you have accumulated in a single year. You may only redeem one points benefit reward per order. Points benefits cannot be combined with other site-wide promotional offers (e.g., e.g., other discounts, free shipping, gift with purchase, etc.).Free Shipping During Birthday Month (valid during your Birthday Month and can be redeemed for 25 points)Free Personalization on one order (redeemed for 150 points)20% off one order*(redeemed for 175 points)Free Product with $50 purchase (redeemed for 300 points)Free 3-Day Shipping with $75 minimum order (redeemed for 250 points)All rewards are redeemable on swell.com with a purchase only. Only one reward may be redeemed per order. Not valid with any other discounts or special offers. Not valid for purchase of Gift Cards and eGift Cards. Other exclusions may apply. All rewards expire with the expiration of your points on your anniversary date, unless otherwise noted.
Free products and gifts are not eligible for refund or exchange.20% off one order excludes S’ip by S’well, S’nack by S’well, sale items and sets.All free Shipping rewards are valid on U.S. (50 U.S. states including DC)orders only.
Free Shipping during birthday month is for Economy shipping. Teakwood Members with 250 points or more are eligible for free 3-day Shipping with a purchase of $75+.How do I earn points?To earn points, you must be enrolled in the Club S'well. Members receive 1 point for every $1 spent on eligible purchases on swell.com* In addition to these purchases, here are more ways to earn points at swell.com:Earn points on your birthdayEarn points for following us on Instagram and Twitter and liking us on Facebook.Earn points for writing product reviews that get publishedEarn points for referring a friendEarn bonus points for purchases made on swell.com during Double Points events.Members must be logged-in to their Club S'well account in order to earn points. *All points are pending for 7 days after completed activity.Why have my points disappeared?Points are valid for one year from when those points are earned. You will be notified when your points are about to expire.How do I check my account status and track my points and level online?You can check your S'well account status by visiting your account online at swell.com where you can track your current points, tier and available benefits.What happens to my Club S'well benefits and/or points if I return a product or if an order is cancelled?Any product that is returned or any order that is cancelled will reverse the points you received from that purchase.What is Refer a Friend?Club S'well members receive 50 points when they refer a friend to purchase on swell.com. To receive points, your friend cannot be a previous customer and must make a purchase by clicking your unique referral link.Can Club S'well be terminated?Yes. We may, in our sole discretion, cancel, modify, restrict or terminate the Club S'well or any aspect or feature of this loyalty program at any time without prior notice, even though such changes may affect the value of points and benefits already accumulated or earned and/or the ability to redeem accumulated points and benefits.In addition, S'well in its sole discretion, can terminate any member for any reason including, but not limited to, any failure to comply with the Club S’well Terms & Conditions and/or our website Terms & Conditions.Do my points and benefits have any cash value?No. Points and benefits earned through the Club S’well have no cash value, are non-transferable, and you have no property rights in the points and benefits. Products received as a Club S’well reward cannot be returned or exchanged for money or any other products or points.Can my Club S'well benefits ever change?Yes. We reserve the right to change, without notice, Club S'well benefits, how you achieve each Club S'well tier, how you earn points and how we evaluate and reward your eligible purchases and/or other Club S'well activity.PoliciesPromotional Exclusions:What are S'well's promotional exclusions?S’well may offer promotional codes and special offers that apply to online orders from swell.com. Any discounts and/or special offers will be applied to your order upon checkout.Exclusions include:Already discounted products, including The Last Chance Sale Collection and products from the Student StoreS’ip by S’well products S’well Eats™ or S’nack by S'well™ Disney®
Frozen 2Bundles and Gift SetsAccessoriesCocktail Kits & BarwareRestrictions include:Limit one (1) discount code per purchase.Not valid on prior purchase.Not valid for the payment of taxes and/or shipping fees.Gifts with purchase are not eligible for refunds or exchanges.Promotions and special offers have no cash value and cannot be sold, transferred or assigned. Void where prohibited, taxed or restricted by law. S’well has the right to end or modify any promotion or special offer and it’s redemption period at any time without notice. S’well reserves the right to cancel and refund orders that violate any of the restrictions listed above.Discounts & Promotions:Is S’well currently offering any promotions? Yes, we are currently offering promotions! Visit our offers page for more information. Subscribe to our newsletter for new product releases and upcoming promotions! Is S’well offering any discounts?Yes! Currently S'well is offering the following discounts:Goodbye Party Sale S’well offers discounts on select styles available in our Goodbye Party Sale.Student Store S’well is offering discounts to students (18 years or older) who are attending an American university or college with a valid student email address. You can access this discount by visiting the Student Store.Subscribe to our newsletter to stay up-to-date on news, discounts, and promotions.How do I access the Student Store & student discount?After creating an account using a valid “.edu” email address, you can access the Student Store from the menu or by clicking on the link at the bottom of our website. You may also access it by clicking here.How much is the discount for the Student Store? What bottles are discounted?You can save up to 20% off select styles in the Student Store at swell.com. Styles are subject to change, so keep an eye on our page for updates. Only available online at swell.com.Can I use another promo code on top of the student code?The student discount cannot be combined with other promo codes or offers.I already have an account. How can I add my student email address?Not to worry. You can create a new account, or reach out to our Customer Service team so they can change your account settings.My discount isn’t working. Why can’t I access the Student Store?Sorry to hear you're having trouble! Try making sure you’ve done the following:You are logged in with your student email address (.edu)You have Student Store select styles in your cartYou have not applied a separate promo code to your orderIf you’re still having trouble, reach out to us. Customer Service is here to help!Are there any discount restrictions?S’well Bottle holds the right to modify or cancel the student status of your account at any time. To be eligible to shop the Student Store and it’s select styles, you must: a) be eighteen (18) years of age; b) currently in a United States university or college; and c) maintain a valid student email address. Your Student status will be revoked if S’well becomes aware that you are not a current student at an American university of college. The discount offered on the Student Store is available online only at swell.com and only on select styles, as dictated by S’well alone. This discount cannot be combined with other discounts or promo codes. You must be logged in to your student account, with your valid student email address, to access the Student Store. This discount cannot be applied on previous orders, or on purchases made at other authorized retailers. This discount does not apply to shipping, taxes, or duties. Terms are subject to change. Please see swell.com's Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for additional website usage information.Warranty Information:What is the warranty on S’well products?S’well offers a one-year limited warranty on all bottles purchased from swellbottle.com and authorized retailers with proof of purchase. For more information regarding authorized retailers please visit our authenticity page. This warranty covers any manufacturer defects, such as thermal performance issues, base becoming detached from the bottle and non-polished surfaces. To report a claim, please send an email to help@swell.com with proof of purchase, reason for claim and pictures of your bottle. Specifically, please send a full-length photo of the front of the bottle, the bottom of the bottle and the claimed damage or defect area, if applicable. S’well reserves the right to request the product to be sent to our office for additional review and to verify the claim. All shipping labels will be provided by S’well.S’well will review all cases. In the event that S’well deems a replacement is necessary, we will replace the product with the same style and size. If that product is not available, the closest style will be sent as a replacement.S’well’s one-year limited warranty does not cover any issues due to improper use, normal wear and tear, or loss / theft of the bottle.What is the warranty and return policy on S’well Swarovski products?For questions or concerns regarding warranty and return information for our Swarovski bottles, please email help@swell.com.CAN’T FIND YOUR ANSWER? Submit a request and our S'well Bottle Experts will answer your request within 24 hours (during business hours M-F). For time sensitive issues, please contact us at 844-60-SWELL (844-607-9355) Monday through Friday between the hours of 9AM and 7PM EST.
Please note, if you are trying to get in touch with our Marketing or Communications teams, please click here to submit a request for contact.
Contact Us Search Catalog
Get on the Waitlist! We'll let you know as soon as this very popular S'well is back in stock. Just leave your email address below.
Email
Email me when available