http://www.gourmetfoodstore.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Skip to main content
HIGHLIGHTS
Gift Certificates
Best Sellers
New Items
ON SALE!
Join Gourmet Club
Customer Rewards Program
GENERAL INFO
Request A Catalog
Shipping Information
About Us
Wholesale Customers
Become An Affiliate
Customer Support
CONNECT WITH US
Earn 50 Reward Points by liking/following us:
Follow Us
Follow Us
Visit our social media pages:
Your Privacy and Security
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
In the course of doing business with us either by shopping on our website or by talking with our customer service representatives, you will willingly provide us with some personal information, such as your name, address, contact information and shopping choices. By providing this information to us, you authorize us to store this information, use it to complete the fulfillment of your order, use it to provide suggestions to make your shopping experience better, and for following up with communications regarding your order. We may also use this information for future marketing to you. At times we work with other third-party companies and we may share information about you with them, such as with FedEx to complete the fulfillment of your order, or with companies in a cooperative marketing effort. Any credit card information you provide to us for completing your order is never shared with anyone and is only ever used to complete an order transaction. If you only wish to have your information used by us and for the fulfillment of your order and not shared with any third-party companies, simply e-mail us at support@gourmetfoodstore.com to let us know.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOUR SHOPPING EXPERIENCE
Our system automatically collects and stores certain pieces of information about your visit to our site. Like many web sites, we use cookies and obtain browser information like refering pages, browser brand and version, and date and time information. Cookies are small files that reside on your computer that identifies your computer uniquely to a website. This allows us to enhance your shopping experience by storing certain information about you. For example, if you start placing an order with us but then leave our site, when you return your order will be stored so you don't have to start again from the beginning. We will also record your IP address when placing or attempting to place an order.
We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads (e.g., banners or links) on its behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is anonymous.
SOCIAL MEDIA LOGIN INFORMATION
You have the option to setup an account or checkout using your social media account including Facebook, Google+, Yahoo, LinkedIn, Instagram and Twitter.
Using these social media apps with our store is purely optional and not required to shop with us.
If you use them, we will request for to have certain information from your social media account shared with our store to allow you to easily checkout and setup an account.
We will also request interest and biographic information from your social media account to tailor your shopping experience with our storefront to better meet your shopping needs.
If you have any other questions or concerns, please give us a call at 877.220.4181 or e-mail us at support@gourmetfoodstore.com and our knowledgeable customer service representatives will be happy to assist you.
Join our Gourmet Club
to access exclusive specials, recipes, product insights and
receive a 10% off coupon and 50 reward points!
Join direct with us:
First Name
*This field is required
Last Name
*This field is required
Email
*This field is required
Join using your social account:
Close
Thank you for joining!
Please add
gourmetfoodstore@news.gourmetfoodstore.com
to your e-mail contacts or approved senders
to make sure you receive your 10% off coupon.