http://www.trophypartner.com/t-policies.aspx
My Account
Cart
Checkout
Account Info
Order History
Order Status
Reorder
Login
Help
How to order
Delivery Time
Personalization
FAQ's
Shipping Charges
Rush Service
Artwork
Custom Awards
Contact
- 0
Toggle navigation
Types
2020 COVID-19 Challenge Awards
Acrylic Awards & Trophies
Acrylic Protective Shield Guards
Bags
Bobblehead Trophies
Business Gifts & Desk Accessories
Cast Aluminum, Resin, Bronze
Challenge Coins
Championship Award Belts
Clocks
Closeout
Coach Awards
Column Trophies
Corporate Awards
Crystal Awards
Custom Awards
Custom Awards Inspiration Gallery
Custom Champ Chain Medallions
Custom Champion Award Belts
Drinkware
Eco Friendly
Encapsulate™ Awards
Frontline Hero Award Trophies
Jade Glass Awards
Keychains
Lapel Pins
Leatherette
Marble, Stone, and Slate
Mascot Trophies
Medallions
Mugs
New
Perpetual Awards
Picture Frames
Plaques
PPE
Ribbons
Rings
Stainless Steel
Starphire Glass Awards
State Shaped Awards
Trophies
Trophies On Sale
Trophy Cups
Writing Instruments
Sports
Archery
Baseball
Basketball
Bodybuilding
Bowling
Boxing
Cheerleading
Coach Gifts
Cricket
eSports
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Racing
Flag Football
Football
Golf
Gymnastics
Hockey
Lacrosse
Martial Arts
Racing/Go-Kart/Auto
Soccer
Softball
Swimming
T-Ball
Tennis
Track/Running
Volleyball
Water Polo
Weightlifting
Wrestling
Activities
1st, 2nd & 3rd
4-H
Academic/Scholastic
Achievement/Victory
Animal
Appreciation | Gratitude
Awareness Ribbons
Beauty Pageant
Birthday
Caregiver | Doctor | Medical
Chess
Chili/BBQ/Cooking
Christmas
Cornhole
Cup Trophies
Dance
Darts
Drama
First Responder | Fire
| Police
Fishing
Graduation
Halloween
Hanukkah
Horse
Humor/Funny
Legal
| Lawyer
| Judge
Military/Patriotic
Motorcycle/Dirt Bike
Music
Pinewood Derby
Poker
Pool/Billiards
Religion/Spiritual
Sailing
Sales
Science/Mathematics
Spelling Bee
Star
Teamwork
Technology | IT | Computer
Thanksgiving
Trap Shooting
T-Shirts
Universal
Corporate
Achievement & Victory
Acrylic Awards
Champion Award Belts
Clocks
Crystal Bowls & Vases
Custom Acrylic Awards
Custom Crystal Awards
Eagle Awards
Gifts
Glass Art Trophies
Globe Awards
Humor & Joke Trophies
Italian Trophy Cups
Leatherette
Plaques
Service Awards
Star Award Trophies
Teamwork Awards
Universal Trophies
Business Gifts
Bar, Beverage & Wine
Desk Accessories
Ornaments
Special Occassion
Technology
Custom
Request your free custom design
Inspiration Gallery
3D Subsurface Crystal Awards
Acrylic Awards
Award Belts
Crystal Awards
Medals and Dog Tags
Mixed Materials Awards
Plaques
Policies
CREDIT CARD SAFETY
We use a third party processing service to ensure your credit card transaction is secure. The secure server software encrypts your card information prior to sending the information securely. Your credit card information is used only by Authorize.net, a credit card processing company. Additionally, we use the Address Verification System (AVS) and Card Security Code (CCID) to verify the identity of the credit card holder. We use other resources and procedures to ensure all orders are valid.
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for Excellentia Marketing, Inc. dba TrophyPartner.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 512-894-2428 or via email at info@trophypartner.com.
SALES TAX
Sales tax is collected for all orders where we are required by law to collect it.
INCORRECT ADDRESSES
If a customer supplies an incorrect shipping address and it needs to be corrected, there will be a $18.00 charge. This covers the cost charged to us by our shipping companies plus the processing fee.
ORDER CHANGES
Orders are processed immediately, so most orders cannot be changed once placed.  Be sure to review your order carefully before submitting.  if a customer requests a change to an order that has already been placed and can be changed a minimum fee of $7.50 will apply to change the order.  This includes changes to an individual item, adding an item, deleting an item, changing the personalized text, changing the ship method, etc.
Canceled orders will result in a 25% fee plus the cost of any work or materials at the point of cancellation.  Minimum charge of $7.50 applies.
REFUNDS/RETURNS/DAMAGES/SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
The pledge we made when we first started over 16 years ago still stands: If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, please contact us and we will work with you to return it, exchange it, or credit it.
In the event there is an issue with your order such as any damage to your package and the contents during transit, TrophyPartner.com will replace them or the damaged parts, absolutely free. In the event that you receive your order incomplete, please notify us.  All requests for damaged items or incomplete orders must be received within 14 days of delivery.
If an order or any portion of an order is canceled or returned for any reason after it has been placed or sent, a 25% restocking fee, $5.99 per name plate, production time charges, material charges, artwork charges, proofing charges, and applicable shipping charges will apply.
Refunds only apply to trophies that are returned in their original condition and can be resold.  Items that are engraved directly into the surface are not refundable.  Personalized name plates are also not refundable and will be charged at the prevailing rates for name plates based on current pricing for item #NP100 (typically $5.99 or less based on quantity). Items returned that are damaged and shipping charges are also not refundable.
To arrange for a return please email your request to us at info@trophypartner.com.  Please include your original order number and description.  Upon receipt of your request you will be contacted by email with return instructions.
SHIPPING INFORMATION
Most orders take 5-7 business days to deliver utilizing one of our flat
rate shipping options.  We also offer expedited shipping services that
can deliver your order as quickly as 2-4 business days.
Our innovative TurboPartner Service delivers orders within 3
business days but is only available on select items.  This service is
designed to save you money by utilizing our extensive distribution
network to deliver goods from a warehouse near you while sending you the
name plates for your trophies separately for you to attach yourself.
Flat Rate Shipping Service
Order Subtotal
Shipping Cost
Delivery Time
$0.01 to $12.99
$9.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$13.00 to $29.99
$12.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$30.00 to $49.99
$14.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$50.00 to $99.99
$16.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$100.00 to $149.99
$18.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$150.00 to $174.99
$19.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$175.00 to $199.99
$21.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$200.00 to $249.99
$25.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$250.00 to $299.99
$29.99
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
$300.00 or more
Free*
5-7 Business Days After Ordering
Expedited Shipping Service
Service Option
Shipping Cost
Delivery Time
Bronze Service
Provided in checkout
4 Business Days
Silver Service
Provided in checkout
3 Business Days
Gold Service
Provided in checkout
2 Business Days
TurboPartner Service (receive your awards & name plates separately)
Order Subtotal
Shipping Cost
Delivery Time
$0.01 to $49.99
$20.00
3 Business Days After Ordering
$50.00 to $149.99
$25.00
3 Business Days After Ordering
$150.00 to $299.99
$30.00
3 Business Days After Ordering
$300.00 or more
$35.00
3 Business Days After Ordering
The Fine Print
*Free shipping on all stock orders that total over $300 and ship by flat rate service in the
Continental United States (product only, does not include logo,
personalization fees, or custom awards). This offer does not include Hawaii, Alaska, any U.S. Territory, or APO/FPO addresses.
Delivery dates are for normal business days, Mondays through Fridays excluding weekends and the following holidays and vacation days: New Years Day, Martin Luther King's Day, Washington's Birthday, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Columbus Day, Veterans Day, Thanksgiving Day, the Day After Thanksgiving, Christmas Eve, Christmas Day, and New Years Eve.
Orders received after 3pm EST Monday through Friday are considered processed the following business day.
Orders that are submitted by Purchase Order or Check require payment
prior to production so please allow additional time for receipt of your
payment.
The following order types may require additional production time to complete:
1) orders over 100 pieces total except if TurboPartner Service
2) orders that require a proof (logo, engraved acrylic or crystal order)
3) orders that are marked as longer lead-time items (acrylic awards, engraved crystal, etc.)
4) custom trophies require 2 weeks to produce
We are not able to accept any 3rd Party Shipping Account
Numbers.  Orders shipped out of the United States may be subject to
custom duties and fees which will be collected by the local government
upon arrival.
In the event there is any damage to your package and the contents during
transit, TrophyPartner.com will replace them or the damaged parts,
absolutely free. Requests must be received within 14 days of arrival.
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, please contact us and
we will work with you to return it, exchange it, or credit it.  Please
see our returns policy for more details.
We ship to all APO and FPO addresses by USPS Priority Mail Service.
Each package is insured.  Since delivery dates cannot be guaranteed we
can not be held liable for delayed packages.  Please allow 3 business
days for order processing and approximately 10-20 transit days for
delivery depending on your location.
Custom Awards typically require 2 weeks to make before they are shipped.
Shipping charges for our gold, silver, and bronze services are only
available after entering your order into our shopping cart.  Pricing is
determined based on the weight of your order and distance from our
location in North Carolina.
TurboPartner Service is not available on all items.  Items that qualify
have a "TurboPartner 3 Day Service" Graphic on the product page and will
be noted in the "details" section.  If any portion of your order
contains a non TurboPartner item you will not be offered the
TurboPartner shipping option at checkout.
All shipping options are based on the merchandise value of your order
only and do not include logo fees, personalization charges, proofs, etc.
Delays in arrival may occur when there is business closure or other
unforeseen events such as incorrect address given during checkout,
inclement weather delays, acts of God, or other natural or world events.
FREE SHIPPING POLICY
Free shipping on all stock orders that total over $300 and ship by flat rate service in the
Continental United States (product only, does not include logo,
personalization fees, or custom awards). This offer does not include Hawaii, Alaska, any U.S. Territory, or APO/FPO addresses.
View wishlist
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Update Totals
Close
Checkout
View cart
Your Wishlist:
0
Items
Your wish list is currently empty.
Total:
$0.00
Update Totals
Close
Move all to Cart
Loading...