http://www.travelxtras.com/privacy-notice.htm
Trustpilot
email us: sales@worldwideinsure.com
×
Travel Insurance
Travel Insurance
Annual Multi-Trip Insurance
Single Trip Holiday Insurance
Longstay Travel Insurance
Wintersports Travel Insurance
Cover if you are already overseas
Travel Insurance for older Travellers
Motorcycle Holiday Insurance
Insurance for Medical Conditions
Travel Insurance FAQ's
How to Claim
Already left Home?
Already left Home?
Cover if you are already travelling
Student Travel Insurance
Car Rental InsuranceCar Rental Cover
Car Hire Excess Insurance
Motorhome Hire Excess Insurance
Need to hire a Car? click here...
Car Hire Insurance FAQ's
How to Claim
More Insurance Products
More Products
Private Medical InsurancePMI
European Car Breakdown Cover
Wedding Insurance
Pet Insurance
Help
Help
Policy Wordings
Making a Claim
Contact us
Privacy
Cookie info
Terms of Business
Advice Before You Go
Current Issues affecting Travel
Affiliates
Jobs
COVID-19 Advice
+44 (0)1892
833338
Privacy and Protection of your Data:
Who are we?
We are Worldwide Travel Insurance Services Ltd, a UK based independent travel insurance specialist established in 1993.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation from 25th May 2018).
What information do we collect and why?
Our website enables you to obtain a basic quotation without providing any personal details.
However, in order to provide a full quotation and process sales, we collect the following information from you:
Personal & Contact Details: Your Name; Title; Date of Birth; Address; contact Telephone number; contact Email address.
Existing Medical Conditions: Only if relevant to the insurance policy.
Nationality: Only if relevant to the insurance policy.
Trip Data Country of Destination, Travel Dates and, if relevant to the policy, whether you will be participating in any Activities or Work
In order to provide a high quality Customer service, we retain the following information:
Policy History: Records of your previous quotes and purchases with us help us to offer the best range of products to suit your needs
Contact History: All telephone calls are recorded and we log all communication with you via email, post or other means. We log any contact made on your behalf from a third party or a Company involved in servicing your policy such as a Claims Handler.
Credit / Debit Card data is not stored by us. Payments are processed securely both online and over the telephone and call recording is disabled whilst payment details are given.
Information collected from others: If you are named on a joint or group policy, we may collect the above information about you from another named policyholder; we will ask them to confirm that they have your permission to give this information on your behalf.
On what legal basis do we process the information that we collect from you?
Where needed to provide Insurance Products and Services, to:
Determine the best policy options to meet your needs and to calculate the correct premium according to risk.
Administer your policy
Contact you about the policy, including for Renewal purposes
Process any amendment to your cover requested by you or deemed necessary by the Insurer
Contact you about any outstanding refund or additional premium
Ensure that the agreed service is provided if you need to make a claim
Legal Requirements, in particular to comply with laws regulating the Financial Services Industry, we may be required to use your data to:
Ensure that our Customers are being treated fairly
Assist with Complaints
Help prevent and detect crime, for instance fraud
Comply with any regulatory obligations
Where we have a Legitimate Interest:
To monitor product performance
For market research and analysis and developing statistics
To improve our service standards, including sending you a Service Review request following purchase
With your Consent:
To process Special Category Data, in particular regarding your Health if relevant to the Insurance Product.
Consent may be given by a spouse, partner, parent or guardian on behalf of the person to be insured if they have given permission to do so.
For Direct Marketing informing you of discounts, special offers and new insurance products.
Each time you purchase, we will ask you to confirm your marketing preferences and you can also change these at any time by contacting us on (UK) 01892 833338 or sales@worldwideinsure.com
We never pass your details to a third party for the purposes of them marketing their own products to you.
Who do we share your personal data with?
Companies involved in servicing your policy:
Insurers (as shown in your policy terms)
Claims Handlers (as shown in your policy terms)
Agencies involved in the prevention of Fraud:
We may be required to share data with Law enforcement or government Agencies
Your spouse/partner or other third party acting on your behalf:
A family policy may be arranged by either adult named as policyholders
In some circumstances we may accept another person arranging insurance on your behalf if they have been given permission to do so.
Service Review Data Processor:
When you purchase a policy from us, we send out a review request to help us to maintain a good service to all of our customers. This is processed by Trustpilot who act as a data processor to assist with collecting feedback from people who have had a buying experience with our Company.
How long may we keep your personal information?
We are required to keep personal data in order to comply with Financial Services Regulations.
As a general rule, we will keep this data for 6 years from the end of your relationship with us as we may need this information for regulatory reasons or in relation to a claim (including a potential claim dispute).
Updating and Correcting personal information
The information that we hold will be accurate and up-to-date; if you wish to check or update the information that we hold about you, please telephone or email us. Any inaccuracy that is our error will be deleted or corrected promptly. If you have made an error in the information supplied we will do our best to amend the details, however we may require verification of the correct information and occasionally an amendment charge may apply.
Access to your personal information
You have the right to request details of your personal information held by us and we will respond within one month.
You have the right to request the personal data that we hold on you in a format that can be passed to another organisation, for example so that you can ask them to provide an alternative quotation.
When can you ask us to stop using your personal information?
If you have previously given consent for us to contact you regarding products, services or promotions that may be of interest, you can withdraw that consent at any time. We would stop sending you any marketing information with immediate effect.
If you have purchased insurance in the past and would like your personal data to be removed from our records, you should request this by contacting us; our compliance with such a request will be dependent on regulatory requirements as detailed above.
Who to contact about our Privacy Notice
If you have any questions about this privacy notice, please contact our Data Protection Officer at dpo@worldwideinsure.com or Worldwide Travel Insurance Services Ltd., Business Centre, 1-7 Commercial Road, Paddock Wood, Tonbridge, TN12 6YT, UK.
Website Security:
Our site is secured by www.securitymetrics.com to ensure secure encrypted transmission of your information. You can view our site security at
For further protection, no credit card data is held on our site, so your credit card information cannot be accessed by any third person - including ourselves. All credit card processing is direct with the charging company, www.secpay.com, who are authorised by all major banks and have been security approved by them. When your card payment has been authorised by your bank, our website receives confirmation from SECPay and an email confirmation of the payment is sent to you; this does not show any part of your credit card information.
If we intend to transfer your information outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will obtain your consent first.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. This can include using a 'cookie' which would be stored on your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, you should email us.
Feedback & Queries
Name:
Email:
Subject:
[type another subject]
Sales
Claims
General
Message:
Send
Trustpilot
Wide Range of Insurance Policies
Our policies include:
Travel Insurance
Annual Multi-trip Travel Insurance
Single Trip Holiday Insurance
Longstay Travel Insurance
Ski & Snowboard Travel Insurance
Already travelling? click here!
Vehicle Rental Insurance
Car Rental Excess Reimbursement Insurance
Motorhome Rental Excess Insurance
Other Insurance products for UK residents
Motorcycle Holiday Insurance
Private Medical Insurance
European Car Breakdown Insurance
Wedding Insurance
Pet Insurance
Other Insurance products for non-UK residents
International Single Trip Holiday Insurance
International Holiday Insurance for Wintersports
Private Medical Insurance
Student Travel Insurance
Why buy from Worldwide Travel Insurance:
About Worldwide Travel Insurance:
Worldwide Travel Insurance is one of the UK's main travel insurance providers, specialising in travel-related insurance for over 20yrs
We have policies for UK, EU/EEA and International residents: since 1993, we've insured millions of travellers from all over the globe.
Financial Conduct Authority (FCA):
Worldwide Travel Insurance Services Ltd is authorised and regulated by the FCA, ref number 307592.
Full details can be found on the FCA's Register by visiting http://www.fca.org.uk/register or call the FCA on
+44 20 7066 1000.
Credit Card Security: