http://www.jarvis-custom.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyJarvis, Inc.2019-04-15T15:21:23-06:00
PRIVACY STATEMENT
JARVIS, INC. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  Only we have access to information that is voluntarily given us via email or other direct contact.  We will not sell or rent this information.  We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share any information with third parties outside of our organization.  Unless asked not to, we may contact you via email to inform you of specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website or email, your information is protected both online and offline.  If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us immediately at 406-625-2562 or via our Contact Page.
What information do we collect?
We only collect information that is voluntarily given.  Upon registration or ordering, we may ask you for the following information:
Your Name
Email Address
Phone Number
Billing & Shipping Address
Credit Card Information
We do not and will not share any of this information with any third party.  This information is kept private and is not sold or rented to any third parties or organizations outside of Jarvis, Inc.
What are cookies and do we use them?
Yes, cookies are small files that a website or server uses to store and remember certain information when you visit a website.  We use cookies to store information such as what is in your shopping cart and items you frequently visit on our website to help us understand your preferences based off of past visits to our site.  We use this information to provide the user a better experience on our website.  Cookies can be disabled through your web browser.  Disabling cookies may cause some features of our site to not work on your browser.
Registering on our website
Orders may be placed with or without registering on our website.  If you do not register, we still ask that you provide us with an email address and phone number when checking out so we may contact you with any delays, tracking, or other information about your order.