http://www.avirex.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The term “AVIREX” includes the terms “CENTRIC CANADA APPAREL AND ACCESSORIES ULC” for the territory of Canada and "CENTRIC DENIM USA LLC" for the territory of the Unites States of America.
By using the website, you are transmitting information about yourself that we may keep and use for AVIREX marketing purposes. When it concerns personal information, AVIREX has adopted appropriate measures to ensure the confidentiality of personal information and the safeguard of personal information against loss or theft. Personal information is also protected against unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, or modification.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the personal information we may collect from you, the purposes for which we collect it, and how we use it. AVIREX will not collect, use or disclose your personal information other than in compliance with this Policy.
By using the www.avirex.com website and/or making online purchases of products, you agree to the terms and conditions of the Policy. This Policy is subject to change and we invite you to consult it regularly.
TYPE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
AVIREX obtains personal information when you use this site, such as making an order, communicating with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise or if you complete an entry form to participate in a contest, promotion, or survey online.
Such information may be your name, e-mail and postal addresses, phone number(s), credit card information, or other financial information. We may also maintain a record of your opinions and individual preferences or product interest information as well as acquire any other information about you.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
AVIREX may use your personal information to process your order and to answer your questions, send you or your friends, relatives, or associates, products that you have ordered, provide you with a personalized service, communicate with you and provide you with promotional materials and information regarding our products, services, surveys, contests, promotions, and special offers.
CONSENT TO COLLECTING MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you prefer not to receive promotional information from us or if you wish that we do not use your personal information, please let us know by writing to us at:
AVIREX Customer Service 400 Sauve West,  Montreal, Quebec, Canada,  H3L 1Z8 or by email at service@avirex.com
ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have consented to the collection, use and/or disclosure of personal information as identified herein, please note that you can also withdraw your consent at any time by communicating with Customer Service as provided above.
You can request access to your personal information that we collected and request to correct them if necessary. In such a case, AVIREX reserves the right to charge you for the cost of photocopies that will be necessary to transmit or consult your file.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will keep your personal information only as long as is reasonably necessary for the realization of the objectives described in this Policy or such longer period as may be required by applicable law.
COMMUNICATION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES
AVIREX may disclose your personal information as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests.
We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties except as permitted by law. However, in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of our business or another similar transaction, we may transfer or disclose your personal information to a purchaser or prospective purchaser, who may collect, use such information for the purposes of evaluating the proposed transaction, operating the affairs of the acquired business, or for all other purposes identified in this Policy.
Back to Top
We Want You
Get updates, deals, and exclusive products direct to your inbox.