http://www.ump-attire.com/privacy.html
Community InvolvementMade in USAReturn PolicyGreat FansCustomer Service
Privacy and Security Notice
Protecting your privacy is important to us. We hope the following policy will help you understand how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide on our Website.
If you browse Ump-Attire.com™, you do so anonymously. We don't collect personal information including your email address unless it is explicitly provided. The web server where the site is stored will collect information about your visit, but no personal information is identifiable with this data.
General
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer personal information.
Social Media Policy
Any comments publicly posted to the Ump-Attire.com Facebook page, Twitter feed, blogs or online content including product reviews are considered permissible for use in regards to related Ump-Attire.com media applications including printed media, catalogs, blogs of Ump-Attire.com and online product reviews.
Privacy and Credit Card Security
Ump-Attire.com's shopping cart uses the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. SSL is a standard technology used by major e-commerce sites such as amazon.com and wal-mart.com. SSL uses encryption and is 100% secure when recording and receiving transactions. For more information on SSL technology, you should visit Google and type the keyword "SSL".
When you order products, we collect your name, mailing address, phone number, credit card information and e-mail address. This information enables us to process your order. Your telephone number will be used to contact you if there is a customer service issue. Your e-mail may be used to communicate your order status, solicit feedback on items purchased or service and/or express our appreciation to you as a customer. We will also notify you of special offers and news from Ump-Attire.com if you signed up to receive them.
Credit card information is not stored on our server after receiving your order. Your credit card information is stored at your credit card processor and accessible via key for future orders. Our order management system also maintains your credit card for future ordering. Customer service staff are only able to view the last 4 digits of your credit card along with expiration date.
Ump-Attire.com uses cookies so that we can maintain your shopping cart selections. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and most major Websites use them. Without accepting a cookie, you can still access most of the content at Ump-Attire.com, though you cannot complete a purchase.
Terms and Conditions
If providing fraudulent information, including name, phone, address, and/or credit card information, in order to obtain Ump-Attire.com products, we will reserve the right to report such activity to the proper authorities.
About Our Privacy Notice
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by us. If we decide to change our privacy policy, changes will be posted in this location.
Questions - Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site please contact us.
Thank you for visiting Ump-Attire.com.
Buyers Guide
Official Reviews
Fitting Room
Blog
Video Library
×
Latest ReviewsUnder Armour SportsmaskSarah B., Gastonia, NC12/10/2020I wore the Under Armour Sportsmask for the first time on 12/9/20 for a volleyball match and was disappointed. It was uncomfortable, and I was not pleased with the mask. I thought it would be the best mask that I purchased and I was completely wrong. I am going to contact Ump-Attire.com today.
UMPLIFE Cold Weather MaskSarah B., Gastonia, NC12/10/2020I did not like it. I was disappointed in the Umplife Cold Weather Mask. I got a refund. The material that covers the mouth and nose was very rough and uncomfortable on my nose and mouth.Fox 40 Reusable Cloth Whistle MaskRobert B.12/9/2020I bought this mask because it looked like a good design.
Did not realize how big the whistle snout was going to be.
I would get another if the whistle hole was not so big.
I recommend having the whistle snout not as big.
It only needs to be an inch or so.
The mask is very comfortable.
Proud Sponsor of
×
Login
Username
Password
I forgot my password
Login
›
Don't have an account?
Create one.