https://www.preventionpartners.com/privacy-policy
HomeAboutResourcesPrivacy policyMorePRIVACY POLICYPrevention Partners uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer.  Cookies also allow Prevention Partners to make our site more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you.  The cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by Prevention Partners to help track your clicks as you go through the pages within Prevention Partners website.  In addition, Prevention Partners uses cookies to help keep track of items you put into your shopping cart and to tell us whether you have previously visited PreventionPartners.com.  This allows registered users to avoid re-entering information upon every new visit to our site.  If you register or purchase product through PreventionPartners.com, navigational information from previous browsing visits may be associated with the personal information you provide.
We carefully select third party advertising companies and allow them to collect non-personally identifiable information by placing cookies when you visit PreventionPartners.com.   These selected companies may use information (not including your name, address, credit card information, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to our site and other web sites to provide advertisements about Prevention Partners' products and services of interest to you.
Updating Personal Information:
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date.  To do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information including billing and shipping information by logging into your account.
Prevention Partners:
If you purchase merchandise, request a catalog or create an online account through PreventionPartners.com, you agree to receive Prevention Partners email communication, specifically order confirmations and order reminders, along with other communications with exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and other information that may be useful to you in your prevention efforts.   If, at any time, you would like to stop future delivery of Prevention Partners email (except for order confirmation and reminders), please follow the removal instructions at the bottom of each message.  Asking to be removed from Prevention Partners email will not prevent you from receiving email confirmations or order reminders for any order you place at PreventionPartners.com.
Questions/Changes in Policy:
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us.   If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this web site.  If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about Prevention Partners.
Security Statement:
Prevention Partners believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all of our clients.  We provide stringent and effective security measures on our website.
It is our policy to never send private information, such as your credit card number, via email. In fact, this is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your Internet activities.
We designed PreventionPartners.com to accept orders only from web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.