https://www.vivaterra.com/security-termsofuse
Skip to content
Skip to navigation menu
Terms of Use
Welcome to VivaTerra's web site, VIVATERRA.COM. The goal of this web site is to provide access to our selection of products of home décor items, apparel, furniture and gifts to as wide an audience as possible. To ensure a safe, pleasant environment for all of our users, we have established these Terms of Use. In this way, you will know what you can expect from us and what we expect from you. By accessing any areas of VIVATERRA.COM, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the terms set forth below.
Updates to Terms & Conditions
VivaTerra reserves the right to update or modify these Terms & Conditions at any time without prior notice. Updates will be posted to this page and are effective upon posting.
Online Conduct
Any conduct by you that in the Company's sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying VIVATERRA.COM will not be permitted. You agree to use VIVATERRA.COM in accordance with these Terms of Use and only for lawful purposes. You are prohibited from posting on or transmitting through VIVATERRA.COM any unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, sexually explicit, profane, hateful, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, including but not limited to any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.
Trademarks
All the Content on this website is subject to copyright, trademark, service mark, trade dress and other intellectual property rights or licenses held by VivaTerra International, LLC and its licensors. All site design, text, typefaces, graphics, videos, sound, interfaces and their arrangements are the property of VivaTerra International, LLC. You may only download, print and store selected portions of the Content for your personal, non-commercial use where it is related to shopping from this site and placing an order.
Disclaimers and Limitation of Liability
You expressly agree that use of VIVATERRA.COM is at your sole risk and VivaTerra shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this website. You must be 18 years or older to register as a member. The website and content are provided on an "as is" basis without warranty of any kind, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
VivaTerra makes every attempt to ensure that the content on this website is complete, current and accurate. However, we cannot guarantee that the information contained on this website will not contain errors, inaccuracies or omissions. Such errors may relate to product availability, price or product description. VivaTerra reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders containing any error, inaccuracy or omission. This may include orders that have been submitted, confirmed or charged to your credit card. If an order is canceled after your credit card has been charged, it will be fully refunded.
Under no circumstances shall the company or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing VIVATERRA.COM be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages, including without limitation, lost profits that result from the use of or inability to use VIVATERRA.COM, including but not limited to reliance by you on any information obtained from VIVATERRA.COM or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of god, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to the company's records, programs, or services. You hereby acknowledge that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through VIVATERRA.COM. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Hyperlinks to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by VivaTerra International, LLC (collectively Third Party Sites), although such sites may have an affiliation with VivaTerra International, LLC. You acknowledge that such VivaTerra International, LLC is not responsible for the availability of or content located on any Third Party Site.
Distribution/Uploading of Third Party Content
Any Content you submit or make available for inclusion on the website shall become the sole property of VivaTerra International, LLC. Regarding all such Content, including, without limitation, creative ideas, suggestions, content, postings, artwork, photograph, material or other submissions (collectively, "User Submissions"), you grant the Company the right to use, reproduce, disclose, publish and distribute any material you submit for any reason without compensation.
No User Submissions, regardless of how they may be marked, will be received by us in confidence, nor shall they be subject to any express or implied obligation of confidentially. Neither the Company, nor its Affiliates, nor their respective officers, directors, agents or employees shall be liable for any use or disclosure of any User Submissions.
In addition, the Company may, in our sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice to you, suspend or terminate any public forum, any other portion of the Web Site, or the subscription or registration of any user who violates any of these terms and conditions of use, any of the rules, regulations or guidelines or for any other behavior that we in our sole discretion believe is inappropriate.
Privacy Policy
At the Company, we recognize and respect the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers and members and have established a privacy policy as a result. In our Privacy Policy we describe why we gather customer and member information, what information we collect, how we collect it, what we use the information for and how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information. We encourage you to carefully read our Privacy Policy. Click here to read our Privacy Policy.
Most items can be returned within 90 days by mail.
Online Return Policy
We accept these payment methods, plus eGift cards.
THE VIVATERRA GUARANTEE
If, for any reason, you are less than 100% satisfied with a product you have purchased from us, return it within 90 days using one of our hassle-free return or exchange methods.
Learn More about our Guarantee
chat_bubble
Fri Dec 11 01:01:07 EST 2020