http://www.proaudiosuperstore.com/terms.html
Skip to main content
FREE SHIPPING Over $99
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
____
Shipping
Free Shipping Offer
Orders placed and shipped within the 48 contiguous United States having an item value equal to or exceeding $99.00 (USD) will be shipped free of charge via the standard ground shipping method of our choice. Free shipping offer does not apply to any rush shipping methods, additional shipping services or handling charges. Free shipping offer does not apply to return shipping (Returns are covered under a separate shipping policy. See "Return Policy" for return shipping details and exemptions). Free shipping offer does not apply to any large freight orders that require 'LTL', lift-gate or other specialized freight delivery services. Shipping for all orders outside of the 48 contiguous US states will be additional and charged standard shipping rates for the shipping method selected at checkout.
International Shipping
At this time, ProAudioSuperstore.com will only accept orders placed from and shipping to either the United States or Canada. Orders shipped to locations outside of the United States may incur additional fees, such as brokerage, duties, and taxes. Your country's import duties, taxes and fees are NOT included in the item and shipping totals and may be collected separately by the appropriate agencies in our country.
International orders do not qualify for Free Shipping offers. If you require additional information on international orders and/or shipments, please contact us directly so we may assist.
Address Changes
Any address or shipping changes requested after an order is placed may incur additional fees. If an order has already shipped, is requested to be expedited, is re-routed in a fashion that no longer qualifies it for an initially applied Free Shipping offer or any other circumstance that results in any additional shipping and/or handling charges, the additional shipping fees will be charged to the customer. If you have questions about whether or not a post-order change will result in additional fees, please contact us so we can discuss your situation further.
Large Freight Items
Items that require 'LTL' (Less-Than-Load), lift-gate or other specialized freight delivery services do NOT qualify for standard free shipping offers. Large freight items that will require such freight services will have those services quoted AFTER an order has been placed, but BEFORE the item(s) are shipped. A single 'Firm Freight Quote' (hereafter referred to as 'FFQ') will be provided at no charge on each order. ProAudioSuperstore.com is not obligated to provide multiple FFQs for an order or any individual items. After a FFQ has been submitted to the customer, they may choose to proceed with the quoted services or cancel the order. The customer may cancel an order or large freight item any time before shipment without penalty fees. If an order is canceled after an item has shipped, any cancellation fees assessed by the freight company will be invoiced to the customer, even if delivery is not completed to a location.
Do I have to be at home to accept a large freight shipment?
Yes. Freight quotes are for curb side delivery. A delivery window is typically indicated before delivery is attempted. The freight company will also call you ahead of time when they plan to attempt delivery. Any extras like delivery inside the house or product unpacking/assembly are at the customers expense and will be billed directly by the freight company. Such services should be negotiated by the customer and do not involve ProAudioSuperstore.com.
What happens if my product is defective or I want to request a return?
See the "Return Policy" section and "Return FAQ" sub-heading below for further details on returning items.
____
Sales Tax
We currently only charge sales tax in the following states:
Arkansas
Illinois
Iowa
Kansas
Missouri
North Carolina
Oklahoma
Texas
In standard cases where sales tax will apply to an order, a sales tax estimate will be calculated and displayed during the checkout process. These are estimates only and may vary slightly from the actual amount required to be collected. We may also be required to collect taxes in some cases when we ship directly from a vendor in your home state. If you have specific questions about whether or not taxes will be collected on an order, please contact us directly. Tax laws for eCommerce are ever evolving, so be sure to check back if it has been a while since your last order.
What if I am tax exempt?
If you, your business or agency has sales tax exempt status, please contact us before proceeding with an order. If you have already placed an order, contact us immediately so the correct information can be obtained before sales tax is charged. Once charged, sales tax CANNOT be refunded. There can be no exceptions.
____
Return Policy
This policy is part of our agreement to accept your credit card order. We reserve the right to modify this agreement as business needs dictate.
Audio Acoustics, Inc. strives to offer the very best customer service possible and make the buying of your audio equipment an easy and satisfying experience. We will make every effort to assist you with any problem or situation that may arise with your purchase.
We cover your order for the first 30 days after you purchase. During this period, contact us with any problems and we will be happy to assist. After the 30 day period, you'll need to contact the manufacturer of your product if you have any problems or discover any defects. If you need assistance finding manufacture contact information or literature/manuals that were included with your product, feel free to contact us and we will connect you to the appropriate support team.
Return FAQ
What happens if my product is defective?
Please read all instructions and make sure you using the item properly before contacting us about a return. Customers should also contact the manufacturer's technical support or customer services before initiating a return to see if they can assist further.
If the product you receive from us is found to be defective during the first 30 days after invoice date, we will REPLACE the unit with a new one. If you've ordered a system with multiple components that is to be installed at a later date, you must inspect and check all of the goods upon receipt as we will not accept returns on defective merchandise after 30 days. Call us to obtain a RMA # (Return Material Authorization Number). At that time we will try to determine the problem and help you correct it over the phone if possible. If it seems to be defective, we will issue a call tag to have it picked up at no charge to you. In the case of large items that require specialized freight or trucking pickup and delivery, we will work with the manufacture and logistic companies to facilitate the delivery of such items. Customers will likely need to be present during pickup of large freight items.
All returned products must have any and all items/accessories/warranties/paperwork that were included with the product upon initial delivery in order to receive a full credit for the returned item(s). The RMA # should be visibly indicated on the return shipping label in the 'Attention' (ATTN:) field. Items should be returned in the same packaging that was used by ProAudioSuperstore.com or the manufacturer on the initial delivery. Boxes should be securely taped and sealed to prevent additional damage during return shipping. Any shipping post office and/or shipping store should be able to assess if a package is secure for shipping or what concerns need to be addressed before shipping a package.
If a product is found not to be defective after return (or if it appears the item was abused or used in a way other than intended or directed by the manufacturer) a 20% restocking fee will be charged to the customer's credit card (or other payment method) for the item as well as any shipping/freight charges that were incurred for the item's return. Alternatively, an item's return may be refused and returned back to the customer at their expense if an item appears to have been abused or was neglectfully packaged for return.
What if I just don’t like the product after I buy it?
If the product and its packaging are in brand new condition with all of the original packaging, manuals, warranty cards, etc., we attempt in good-faith to facilitate a return within 30 days of receipt. Earphones, turntable cartridges/styli, and software are not returnable. New means all components, packaging, tie wraps, manuals and paperwork are in an undisturbed state. If product is not in brand new condition, we may assess up to a 20% restocking fee. Return shipping charges on any non-defective items will be paid by the customer. Large freight items will require the use of a freight logistics and/or trucking company and will be the responsibility of the customer to schedule pickup and delivery of such items.
We will not accept returns on any merchandise after 30 days of receipt.
When do we charge a restocking fee? We can only accept items that are returned without signs of wear and tear and with all of the original contents and packaging. Original bar-codes must still be affixed. Fees will be charged if you refuse delivery (except for damage) or as a result of delivery exceptions. Final decision on restocking fees will be done after receive the product back and inspect it. You will be notified of our decision via email.
Special ordered items (i.e. items we do not stock in our Springfield, Missouri warehouse and drop shipped) are not returnable. If you have any questions, please contact us before you place your order.
What happens if my equipment arrives damaged?
If the item is obviously damaged by looking at the shipping carton, refuse the box unless the driver allows you to examine the contents. If that is not allowed by the driver, you may (1) accept the item BUT NOTE ON THE DAMAGE WHEN YOU SIGN FOR IT. Or (2) refuse it and it will be returned to the shipper. At that time, please call us 888-869-0770 and let us know that you refused the order and we will begin the paperwork to get another piece out to you.
If your product has concealed damage that was not obvious by looking at the shipping container, please save all the boxes and materials and call us as soon as possible. You must report damage within 10 days of receipt to file a claim. Your rights to file a claim depend on quick notification to the shipping company and their examination of the box and its contents.
Do I have to be at home to accept a truck shipment?
Yes. Freight quotes are for curb side delivery. A delivery window is typically indicated before delivery is attempted. The freight company will also call you ahead of time when they plan to attempt delivery. Any extras like delivery inside the house or product unpacking/assembly are at the customers expense and will be billed directly by the freight company. Such services should be negotiated by the customer and do not involve ProAudioSuperstore.com.
I made a mistake and ordered the wrong item. What now?
We want to help. Please contact us within 30 days of receipt. Remember, Earphones, turntable cartridges/styli, and software are not returnable.
Our return policy is one reason we can offer our products at the lowest possible price. We appreciate your understanding of this policy. Please do not return anything to us (warranty returns, etc.) without receiving a RMA number from us. We reserve the right to refuse any package that does not have a valid RMA number on the shipping label. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us so we can assist you further.____
Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy when using our website is important to us. Please note how your data will be used.
Data for Payment
The shopping cart may collect the following shopper information for credit card processing:
Name
Email
Address (billing and/or shipping)
Credit/Debit card details
IP
The information is collected so that payment can be processed and shipping can occur. The payment data will be shared with a payment processor as well as the order total and possibly order details such as the products ordered. Payment processors include:
PayPal Express Checkout
manual (off-line)
Data for Shipping
In order to ship a physical good, a shipping address is needed as well as product weight, box sizes, and order totals. This information will be shared with UPS.
Data for Analytics
Pages browsed will be logged by the Web Server and tracked by Google Analytics. The information tracked and logged will include your IP.
Data collected when browsing the store
Your IP and cookie data will be shared with Facebook, Twitter should you click on their links.
Data Collected when Registering
When you register for an account we collect your Name and Email and when you checkout we store your Billing Address, Shipping Address, and Order Details to enable easy check out the next time you order.
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored by your browser on your device. They are used to remember preferences and improve the browsing and checkout experience. Our shopping cart uses the following cookies:
Shopping Basket Cookie — sets a basket ID to correlate to your temporary shopping cart file. (remains for up to 30 days)
Mini Cart Cookie — contains a list of products you have added to your cart. Used for displaying your shopping basket while you browse store pages. (remains for up to 30 days)
Shopper Cookie — saves email, billing address and shipping address so that the next time you check out your address information is already populated. This cookie is created when you submit an order. (is kept for 1 year)
Customer Registration Cookie — contains your name and whether or not you are logged in. (remains for up to 20 minutes)
Data Retention
Orders — When an order is completed the order information (including email, name, address, products, shipping method, etc.) is stored in a database. That information remains for up to one year.
Customer Registration — Your orders and addresses will remain until you delete them in your account.
Data Retention
Orders — Contact us to remove order data.
Customer Registration — Contact us to remove your account.
Cookies — Cookies can be cleared by you. The method used depends on the browser and device. See wikiHow for more information.
Fulfilling Data Requests
Contact us if you need a copy of your Orders or Customer Registration data.
Use of E-Mail Addresses
We NEVER sell e-mail addresses. The only reason we ask for yours when you check out is so that we can send you a confirmation email of your order and as an alternate method of contacting you if necessary. Occasionally we may send out a promotional sales email, but this is rare and you will always be offered a chance to stop receiving these.
Questions?
If you ever have any questions about our privacy policy or anything else please feel free to contact us by email: sales@proaudiosuperstore.com or by phone 1-888-869-0770.
×
Sign In
Enter E-mail Address:
Enter Password:
I forgot my password
New RegistrationI'm a new customer, I need to registerClick here to Register
×
Total :
Continue ShoppingView Cart