http://www.perthmint.com.au/termsAndConditions.aspx
Please be advised that due to the impact of COVID-19 some services may be affected. Learn moreTo ensure your Christmas delivery arrives on time orders must be placed by 11 December (Australia).
Terms and Conditions
Home
By using the websites hosted at: www.perthmint.com; www.perthmintbullion.com; and www.perthmint.com/storage (“Websites”), and shopping with The Perth Mint online and/or via the telephone, you agree to abide by and be bound by the terms & conditions listed here and elsewhere within the Websites, as well as any terms incorporated by reference as applicable to your particular use of The Perth Mint’s products and/or services.The Websites are owned by Gold Corporation, ABN 98 838 298 431 (trading as “The Perth Mint”).Please click on the links below to go directly to the relevant sections:
Purchasing collector coins, gifts, diamonds and jewelleryPurchasing bullion for delivery or pick upPurchasing bullion for storage Selling bullion to The Perth MintWebsites terms of useCompetitions terms and conditionsPURCHASING COLLECTOR COINS, GIFTS, DIAMONDS AND JEWELLERY
Effective October 2020These Terms and Conditions for Purchasing Collector Coins, Gifts, Diamonds and Jewellery (“Terms and Conditions”) apply to the purchases made online or on the telephone for collector coins, gifts, and jewellery and their related services as found on the url: www.perthmint.com (“Website”), excluding www.perthmintbullion.com; and www.perthmint.com/storage. ORDERS
Ordering collector coins, gifts, diamonds and jewellery Orders can only be placed by people legally able to engage in a contract. Any order placed by you via this website is an offer by you to purchase a particular product or service for the price (including without limitation the delivery, insurance and other charges) specified in this website at the time you place your order. Your order is deemed to be accepted by us at the time we receive payment for your order as cleared funds into our nominated bank account or at the time we dispatch the goods you have ordered, whichever is earlier. The Perth Mint retains title to the products you have ordered until such time that the products are dispatched for delivery. We reserve the right to accept or reject your offer for any reason, including, but without limitation, the unavailability of any product, an error in the price or the product description posted on this website, an error in your order or a failure in receiving your payment. We also reserve the right to impose limits on the quantity and value on certain orders.
Order notificationUpon receipt of your order, The Perth Mint will issue you with an email notification, listing the items ordered, the total product and shipping and insurance charges, delivery address and shipping carrier. This will not include overseas customs duties, foreign taxes, additional clearance fees that may be imposed or bank fees which are solely for your account. This is a confirmation that we have received your order, not a confirmation of acceptance or processing.Australian Goods & Services Tax (GST)All orders placed within Australia including orders for delivery outside of Australia are subject to the Australian Goods and Services Tax (GST). All orders placed outside Australia for delivery within Australia are also subject to GST. Any international order placed and paid for from, and for delivery to, an overseas location are GST free.Currency & conversions Transactions via The Perth Mint Online Shop are carried out in Australian dollars (AUD) and processed through an international banking system. International orders are charged in AUD at the exchange rate of the day. Your final bill will be determined by the exchange rate applied by your payment services provider at the time the charge is recorded, plus any fees applied by your payment services provider all of which are solely for your account. For an indication of how other currencies convert to Australian dollars or another currency, use our online currency converter. The converted prices are indicative only.Payments via credit card To secure your order, payments will be debited from your credit card within 24 hours of receipt of order. A process called pre-authorisation will be conducted for every credit card transaction to provide increased protection against fraudulent activity.   The $0 pre-authorisation is simply a validation of credit card and there is no associated charge.Payments via PayPal, BPAY and bank transfer (except RTGS transmissions)Payments not received within 3 working days will result in cancellation of the order - without notice and without any liability whatsoever by The Perth Mint to You. Any bank fees associated with payments are to be borne by the customer. Please note that we do not accept Real Time Gross Settlements (RTGS) transmissions for international orders.Product availability Unless stated otherwise, all products ordered via The Perth Mint Online Shop are available at the time of ordering.  The availability of products may change from time to time. Any item unavailable online may be available via back order. Queries about back orders should be directed to Customer Service on (+61 8) 9421 7218 or email orders@perthmint.com. In the event a product you have ordered is not available to despatch or subject to substantial delays, our Customer Service Officers will contact you either by email, telephone or letter, as permitted by the account information provided.Product pricesPrices of products, services, delivery and other charges displayed on this website are current at the time of issue, but may change at any time without notice and are subject to availability. Be aware, that due to varying market conditions in Australia and overseas, prices of products sold via The Perth Mint Online Shop may vary by country.Delivery informationSubject to the COVID-19 Delivery Updates published on our website at: www.perthmint.com/COVID19Orders are dispatched from The Perth Mint during Western Australian business hours and expected delivery dates and times are estimates only and not binding. Under no circumstances will any orders be dispatched from The Perth Mint until full payment for your order has been received from You as cleared funds into The Perth Mint's nominated bank account. Due to the valuable nature of The Perth Mint products, we require a signature from the person receiving your parcel at your nominated delivery address. Products will be deemed received by you if accepted by any person at your nominated address. Delivery details must include a daytime contact telephone number. The Perth Mint will not accept any claim for ‘lost’ or ‘missing’ parcels if the customer deviates from the standard delivery terms.On the day of despatch from The Perth Mint premises, an email will be sent to your nominated email address advising the consignment number and tracking options.There are some restrictions on deliveries to unmanned delivery points such as: PO Boxes, Australia Post Parcel Lockers, Locked Bags and Roadside Mailboxes (RMBs). Such deliveries can only be:• Arranged for addresses within Australia,• Delivered by Australia Post, and• For orders under AUD 2,000.If your order does not meet the criteria above contact Customer Service on +61 8 9421 7218, or by email at orders@perthmint.com.Re-deliveries: In the event there is no one to receive your parcel at your nominated address a courier delivery card with instructions will be left for you to arrange a re-delivery or collection of the item.Non-delivery claims:  Claims of non-delivery must be made within 14 days of despatch.Insurance Claims: Insurance applies until the order is delivered and signed for at your nominated address.International deliveries: Delivery to certain international destinations shall be contingent on arrangements made between The Perth Mint and our preferred service provider for that region. We reserve the right to change our choice of carrier without notice. FedEx deliveries to Europe and the Middle East, with the proviso that a total order value of AUD 2,500 or more can only be delivered to a business address. Failure to provide a business name and address at the time of order may result in a delay in your order being processed or being delivered to and held at a FedEx location for collection, which may not necessarily be convenient to you. If a business address cannot be provided contact Customer Service on +61 8 9421 7218, or by email at orders@perthmint.com. Home-based businesses in residential areas do not constitute a business address for this type of delivery. A signed acceptance of delivery at the customer’s nominated address will be deemed as completed delivery. Any claim for lost goods must be made within 14 days of despatch. The Perth Mint will not accept any claim for ‘lost’ or ‘missing’ parcels if the customer deviates from the standard delivery terms.Delivery costsThe Perth Mint tries to offer the lowest possible delivery cost. Delivery costs are based on the delivery destination whether within Australia or International and are a flat rate fee. Once items have been added to the shopping cart an estimated but not binding delivery cost will be displayed. This will be confirmed once a delivery address has been added during Step 2 of the checkout process. Special delivery charges may be applicable for heavy or oversized items or items to certain locations. If any shipment exceeds AUD 70,000 the services of a Secure Carrier must be used. A price will be quoted by a Customer Service Officer.Deliveries to destinations within Australia are normally shipped via standard courier as selected by The Perth Mint. These deliveries incur a flat rate shipping charge of AUD 9.95.Deliveries to destinations outside of Australia are normally shipped by Fedex although there is limited service to some locations and exceptions can apply.  These deliveries incur a flat rate shipping fee of AUD 35.00. International import charges & taxesPrices do not include overseas customs duties, foreign taxes or any other costs which may be associated with clearing goods through local customs. These fees are the sole responsibility of the customer as is assisting local authorities with any information required for formal customs clearance in the county of destination. We strongly recommend that you check with your local customs office for further information. Should the customer refuse to provide the required Customs documentation prior to delivery or refuse delivery due to Customs duties, taxes or fees and the parcel is returned to The Perth Mint, all costs associated with the return will be borne by the customer.Free shipping offer on numismatic productsThe Perth Mint offers free shipping worldwide on any online order of numismatic products over AUD 400.00 (Australian Dollars). This offer excludes any coin subscriptions, bullion orders and non-standard deliveries.PRODUCT & SERVICESDate on coins The year-date on coins described on this website does not necessarily indicate the year of release or the year they were minted.The Perth Mint Guarantee:  30 day refund – online, telephone & mail orders (excluding bullion, Collector’s Edition loose diamonds and over-the-counter purchases) The Perth Mint offers a refund within 30 days of the purchase date if you are not completely satisfied, have received the wrong goods or have received damaged goods. Subject to prior approval, numismatic products purchased can be returned for a refund provided they are returned in the same condition as when despatched. Approval must be arranged before any goods can be returned to The Perth Mint. The process and any costs associated with the return will be outlined at this point. Should you require a refund please send an email to orders@perthmint.com, phone (+61 8) 9421 7218, or fax (+61 8) 9225 5012 within the time frame specified above.Drop shippingThe Perth Mint does not permit third parties to place retail orders on behalf of and for drop shipping to end consumers.  Any orders suspected of this practice will be cancelled immediately and any funds paid will be refunded. Maximum liability of The Perth MintThe maximum liability of The Perth Mint to You at any time, provided only to the extent that The Perth Mint is at fault, is limited to the price you paid for the specific order. Under no circumstances will The Perth Mint be liable to You for any indirect, incidental, consequential, special, punitive or exemplary damages, including without limitation damages for loss of revenue or loss of profits, loss of reputation or loss of goodwill, or delay in delivery of the order, or any increased costs incurred by You arising from any provision of these Terms and Conditions even if The Perth Mint has been advised of the possibility of such liability or foresaw or could have foreseen such liability, and notwithstanding whether such liability arises in contract, tort, equity or otherwise.
SELLING YOUR BULLION TO THE PERTH MINTEffective March 2020Australian and international Customers can offer to sell bullion bars and coins to Gold Corporation (trading as The Perth Mint) “The Perth Mint”.  The Perth Mint is willing to consider offers of precious metals (gold, silver, platinum, palladium) bars, coins and medallions, coins from recognised Mints, LBMA accredited and unaccredited gold and silver products of recognised refiners (“Products”).  The Perth Mint will accept offers either over-the-counter at The Perth Mint’s premises or by telephone, subject to these Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”). Business day(s) means any day other than a weekend day or public holiday in the State of Western Australia. Types of transactionsa) Over-the-counter transactions: Customers can present their Products at The Perth Mint Bullion Trading Room at 310 Hay Street, East Perth, during regular opening hours as published on The Perth Mint website. b) Telephone transactions: Customers can telephone The Perth Mint to make an offer to sell their Products.  The Perth Mint will only conduct telephone transactions during regular opening hours as published on The Perth Mint website.i) Products valued under AUD 100,000 a price is agreed and a Contract entered into at the time of the call being made by the Customer and The Perth Mint must receive the Products within two (2) Business Days of the transaction date; or ii) Products valued at AUD 100,000 or over only an estimated value provided and no Contract entered into until the Products are received by The Perth Mint, verified for authenticity by weighing, measuring, metal analysis and snipping by The Perth Mint. Pricing. The price of the Product is dependent on the type sold by the Customer and the prevailing Perth Mint spot bid price, less a stated percentage as provided by The Perth Mint, at the time of Contract.a) If a price is agreed between the Customer and The Perth Mint the price becomes fixed and binding upon both parties (“Fixed Price”).b) In no circumstances will the parties be able to vary the Fixed Price or have it apply retrospectively to a point earlier in time or prospectively to a point later in time.  The price must be agreed by The Perth Mint and the Customer before the transaction can progress to completion.Customer Identification. All Customers must provide acceptable identification (“ID”) before a transaction with The Perth Mint can proceed in accordance with Australian Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing Acts and Regulations. For individuals:a) Over-the-counter transactions. The Customer must provide a minimum of one (1) primary ID document which displays the Customer’s: i) full name; ii) date of birth; iii) current residential address. b) Telephone transactions valued under AUD 5,000. A copy of one (1) primary ID document which displays the Customer’s: i) full name; ii) date of birth; iii) current residential address, iv) photo must be provided electronically via email or facsimile or sent with the bullion or prior to the contract.c) Telephone transactions valued over AUD 5,000.  Two (2) certified copies of primary ID documents which confirm the Customer’s: i) full name; ii) date of birth; iii) current residential address, and iv) photo, must be posted to: The Perth Mint Shop 310 Hay Street East Perth WA 6004 AustraliaA full list of ID requirements for all individuals and other legal entities such as companies, superannuation funds, partnerships and trusts and the list of acceptable certification authorities can be found in the Schedule of ID requirements.Contract completion & non-completion a) Over-the-counter transaction. If the Customer and The Perth Mint agree a price during over-the-counter the Customer will be given a receipt for the Products and the transaction completed at that time.b) Return of a signed contract. If the price is agreed by telephone, a Contract is generated and sent to the Customer by email or other means. The Customer must sign and return the Contract within sixty (60) minutes. If the Customer fails to sign and return the Contract or breaches any of these Terms and Conditions or of the Contract, clause 4) d) applies.c) Contract completion guarantee. The Customer acknowledges and agrees that precious metals are traded internationally on a daily basis such that the underlying value of the Products the subject of the Contract with The Perth Mint may change relative to the Fixed Price agreed at the time of Contract and that the Customer assumes this risk.  Performance of the Contract by the Customer is guaranteed by the Customer providing The Perth Mint with the Customer’s credit card payment details (“Guarantee”).d) Non-completion. If the Customer breaches any of these Terms and Conditions (“Non-Completion”) including any of the Customer’s obligations under the Contract resulting in the cancellation of the transaction, an administration fee of AUD 150 plus any actual losses incurred by The Perth Mint pursuant to the Non-Completion of the transaction, and charged to the Customer’s credit card.  The Perth Mint is not authorised to charge the Customer any other amount for Non-completion other than in accordance with this clause 4) d)Shipping and insurancea) Postage of products and insurance.i) Shipping of products to The Perth Mint. The Customer must despatch the Products to The Perth Mint on the next Business Day following the day the Contract is agreed, by either delivering the Products personally to The Perth Mint or via Australia Post Platinum Service (mandatory signature on delivery) or Express Post including the optional extra Signature Required or by other arrangements with The Perth Mint.ii) Shipping of products via a method not approved by The Perth Mint. Should clients wish to ship the Products to The Perth Mint with via an alternative method of shipment that is not approved by The Perth Mint, the entire risk and cost of the shipment (including but not limited to, any loss, damage, delayed delivery, mis-delivery, non-delivery) remains with the Customer for the Products.iii) The Perth Mint delivery address:Shipments should be clearly labelled with the following address details:
Attn: Administration Assistant 310 Hay Street
East Perth  WA  6004 Note: The name ‘The Perth Mint’ must not be written in the address space as this will invalidate insurance cover.iv) Where the contract is valued under AUD15,000 per parcel, the Customer may purchase optional insurance from The Perth Mint prior to shipment of the Products.  Insurance is charged at 1% of the Contract value and to be valid the customer must provide a parcel tracking number.  Insurance coverage of the Products is effective only if posted by using Australia Post Platinum Service or Express Post or by other arrangements with The Perth Mint.v) Where the contract valued over AUD15,000 it will not be insured when using Australia Post Platinum Service or Express Post and these Products will require an alternative method of shipment in order to be fully insured.  The Customer must contact The Perth Mint to arrange a suitable freight method including insurance, if so required.vi) No insurance. If the Customer chooses not to apply for insurance, the Customer is required to sign the Shipment Insurance Liability Waiver contained within the Contract.  Consequently, the entire risk of the shipment (including but not limited to, any loss, damage, delayed delivery, mis-delivery, non-delivery) remains with the Customer for the Products.vii) Delay in delivery of products to The Perth Mint. The Perth Mint will not be liable for any delay in the delivery of the Customer’s Products to The Perth Mint.  If the Customer fails to deliver the Products to The Perth Mint’s premises due to the Customer’s failure to despatch the Products, The Perth Mint reserves the right to cancel the transaction and recover any losses pursuant to clause 4) d).  The Perth Mint will use all reasonable endeavours to contact the Customer before taking this action.b) Receipt and verification of productsi) Over-the-counter transactions Receipt and verification of the Products will take place at that time.ii) Telephone transactions Products must be received pursuant to clauses1) b) i), 1) b) ii) and will be verified upon receipt.Australian Goods and Services Tax (GST)The Perth Mint will only trade with the Customer on the basis of the purchase being of a private or domestic nature and thereby exempt from charging The Perth Mint GST. A GST Declaration form must be completed and provided for all transactions other than those transactions concerning natural nuggets. For transactions involving natural nuggets, customers must also complete a GST declaration form unless the Customer is registered for GST purposes and a valid ABN is provided to the Perth Mint.Paymentsa) The Perth Mint will only make payment of funds direct to the Customer or legal entity whose name appears on the Contract.b) If the Customer requests payment to a bank account outside Australia this will incur a surcharge of AUD 20 per transaction.c) Any applicable fees, local taxes, and service charges associated with the Customer’s bank account for the transactions are borne by the Customer.d) Payments of AUD 100,000 and under are made by The Perth Mint to the Customer’s nominated bank account on the next Business Day after receipt and verification of the Products.e) Payments of AUD 100,000 and over will be transferred by The Perth Mint to the Customer’s nominated bank account on the second Business Day after receipt and verification of the Products.f) All telephone transactions require the Customer to post a completed Perth Mint Transaction Form, as per below, with all bank details, including: bank name; bank branch; BSB; account name and account number.g) The Perth Mint will not be held liable for delays in funds reaching the Customer’s bank account or the provision of incorrect bank account details.h) The Perth Mint does not remit cash as payment to settle the Customer’s Contract.  Deliveries in Australia:Subject to the COVID-19 Delivery Updates published on our website at: www.perthmint.com/COVID19Shipments under AUD 40,000 are delivered by general carriers to most Australian addresses. Some remote locations may require collection from the nearest depot. Photographic ID (passport or driver's license) and signature from the person receiving the parcel are required for all deliveries. Only the customer or a person appointed by the customer at time of order will be able to receive the parcel. The Perth Mint will notify customers via email when the order is despatched, along with a website link and tracking number. Delivery "normally" takes place within 1-3 days of despatch, however may take longer. If the customer as shown on the documents or the person appointed by the customer is not available to receive the parcel, a courier card with contact details will be left for the customer to arrange a re-delivery or collection of the item within 7 days free of charge. If not collected within this period, the items are returned to The Perth Mint and will incur return freight fees which are the customer's responsibility, including additional fees for re-delivery.Claims for non-delivery or lost bullion. A signed acceptance of delivery by the customer or nominated representative will be deemed as completed delivery. Any claim for non-delivery or lost bullion must be made within 3 working days of despatch. The Perth Mint will not accept any claim for 'lost' or 'missing' bullion if the customer deviates from this standard delivery terms.For delivery purposes, the packed weight of a bullion order is estimated as the unpacked weight plus 20% for packaging. No refunds if freight is lower than the estimated rate.Shipments over AUD 40,000 are quoted and arranged on a case by case basis. The Perth Mint customer service team will liaise with the customer to determine the requirements for each delivery and provide a specific quote and delivery details. The carrier will contact the customer to arrange delivery. Photographic ID (passport or driver's license) and signature from the person receiving the parcel are required for all deliveries. Only the customer or a person appointed by the customer at time of order will be permitted to receive the parcel. Shipments under 70,000 can be delivered to business and residential addresses, shipments over AUD 70,000 can only be delivered to verified business addresses or collected from carriers’ depots subject to prior approval, If the customer appoints a representative to accept delivery on their behalf then the representative's full name and telephone number must be provided to The Perth Mint in writing in advance of the delivery date. Photographic ID and signature also applies to this person. Carriers reserve the right to decline a delivery if the delivery address is deemed to be in a high risk area. The customer must take delivery (or collect) their orders within 3 days of the first time of contact. If not, then customer storage fees will apply up to a maximum of 10 days after which the order is returned and additional customer fees will apply. If a customer commits to a delivery or collection window and is not available at the agreed time, further customer fees will also apply. WEBSITES TERMS OF USEEffective February 2018 Use of the websitesThe Perth Mint will use all reasonable endeavours to provide accurate and reliable information about its products and services including the functionality of its Websites (“Websites Services”). The use of the Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. The Perth Mint makes no warranty, promise, representation or guarantee that the use the Services will be i) fit for particular purpose or be of a satisfactory quality, ii) secure, reliable and timely, iii) correct, accurate, current or complete, or iv) uninterrupted, error-free, or without technical problems.  The Perth Mint is not responsible for any consequences from the use, installation or execution of third parties application and services which may be required to access the Services. In addition to the paragraph below “Limit of Liability”, your use the Services are entirely at your own risk and you acknowledge that The Perth Mint is not liable for any injury, damage, or loss you suffer as the result of accessing or using the Services. The Perth Mint reserves the right to change, add, or delete the Services without prior notice or suspend their publication as required. The Perth Mint does not provide financial, legal, investment or taxation advice. You should consult your own professional advisors for guidance and recommendations on these issues and the relevance of the Services. Account informationBy your use of the Websites you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the checkout form for your account information and (b) maintain and promptly update that information to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current and future use of the Websites.You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and membership number and are fully responsible for all activities that occur on your password or account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorised use of your password or account or any other breach of security.Acceptable useAny conduct by you that in our sole discretion restricts or inhibits any other user from using or enjoying the Websites is not be permitted. You may view, download, and print the Websites Services for non-commercial personal use only. Otherwise, you may not publicly display, perform, transmit, list, modify, reproduce, distribute, participate in the transfer or sale of, make derivative works from, upload or otherwise use any of the Websites Services.You may not transmit, post, or distribute anything that is obscene, libellous, abusive, vulgar, threatening, discourteous or otherwise objectionable, violates any law or rights of any party, or upload a virus or other harmful material. You are solely liable for any damage resulting from any infringement of rights or other harm resulting from such actions.Intellectual propertyAll intellectual property rights of the Websites is owned or licensed to The Perth Mint. The Perth Mint reserves all rights. Apart from any fair dealings permitted under the provisions of the Copyright Act 1968, no part may be reproduced, used, or published for any commercial purposes without the prior written permission of The Perth Mint.The Perth Mint manufactures Australian legal tender coins under license from the Australian Federal Treasury. All coin designs are submitted, and approved by the Australian Federal Treasury in accordance with the Currency Act 1965. Any change to a coin design not approved by the Australian Federal Treasury is considered as ‘unauthorised defacement’ which is prohibited and is a crime under the Crimes (Currency) Act 1981. The prohibition applies to defacing, selling and possessing of such products. Furthermore, the prohibition applies to acts and matters outside of Australia, and to all persons irrespective of their nationality or citizenship. Copyright and trademark protection also subsists in all of The Perth Mint’s coin designs and any unauthorised use constitutes copyright and trademark infringement.The Perth Mint’s registered trademarks include: “The Perth Mint Australia®”, “Discover Australia”, “Oriana”, as well as their associated images and logos. Please note this is not an exhaustive list of The Perth Mint’s trademarks, and they do not include The Perth Mints common law trademarks. Any unauthorised use of The Perth Mint’s trademarks or use of marks that are likely similar to or in connection with The Perth Mint constitutes trademark infringement.Enquiries may be directed to Alex Lucchesi, Public Relations Manager, alexandra.lucchesi@perthmint.com.au.Termination of useThe Perth Mint may terminate, suspend or prohibit your access to the Websites if your conduct is in breach of these Websites terms of use.The Perth Mint reserves the rights without notice and in its sole discretion, to immediately deactivate or delete your account.The Perth Mint is not be liable to you or any person under any circumstances for any termination, suspension or denial of access to the Websites.Other websitesThe Websites contain links to third parties for convenience and informational purposes. The Perth Mint is not responsible for the content or services provided by third parties, and their inclusion does not signify any endorsement of, or responsibility for, the content or services of the linked websites.Materials and information submitted by youWhen you submit any materials or information to the Websites including: blogs, feedback, or suggestions, you specifically give The Perth Mint a worldwide, non-exclusive, irrevocable, transferrable, royalty-free license to use the materials and information for the purposes of operating, promoting, and improving our products and services.This license survives any termination of the Website terms of use. Furthermore, you warrant that you hold all necessary rights, license and consents to the materials or information. The Perth Mint reserves the rights to require you to delete, or destroy any submitted materials or information at its sole discretion.Any personal information submitted to the Websites is governed by The Perth Mint’s Privacy Policy.Limit of liabilityTo the extent permitted by law, subject to any agreement and license you have with The Perth Mint, or as expressly provided for in the Website terms of use, The Perth Mint is not liable to you or any third party for any claim, loss, expenses, or damages arising out of or in connection with the Websites terms of use or the product and services provided by The Perth Mint or its Websites.This limit of liability survives any termination of the Website terms of use.WaiverFailure or omission at any time by The Perth Mint to enforce or require strict or timely compliance with any provision of the Websites terms of use shall not in any way then or in the future affect or impair that term, condition or the right of The Perth Mint to avail itself of the remedies it may have in respect of any provision of the Website terms of use.SeveranceAny term or condition of the Website terms of use which is illegal, void or unenforceable in Western Australia will be ineffective only to the extent of such illegality, voidness or unenforceability and will not invalidate the remaining provisions.InconsistencyThe Websites terms of use prevail to the extent of an inconsistency with other terms and conditions on the Websites and will not invalidate the remaining terms and conditions.JurisdictionThe Websites terms of use shall be governed by, takes effect and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Western Australia and all parties irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Western Australia and courts entitled to hear appeals from those courts.ComplaintsThe Perth Mint has a formal complaints procedure and any complaints should be emailed to orders@perthmint.com. A reply will be sent notifying you of what action is being taken and when it will be resolved.Privacy and SecurityThe Perth Mint is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information it collects and receives. For more information please refer to our Privacy and Security Statement.Changes to any Terms and Conditions on the websitesThe Perth Mint reserves the right to make changes to any of the Terms and Conditions found on the Websites or by reference, at any time, and encourages you to review them periodically. Your use of the Services shall be deemed to be your acceptance of these Websites terms of use and any of its subsequent changes.
COMPETITION TERMS AND CONDITIONS
The promoter of these competitions and/or giveaways is Gold Corporation (ABN 98 838 298 431), trading as The Perth Mint (“The Perth Mint”).
Entry into any of The Perth Mint competitions and/or giveaways signifies the entrant’s acceptance of
Specific Terms and Conditions of each competition and/or giveawaysGeneral Terms and Conditions,any form, correspondence or document as part of the competition andPrivacy PolicyCollectively referred to as ("Competition Terms and Conditions").
To the extent permitted by law, The Perth Mint reserves the right to amend the Competition Terms and Conditions at its sole discretion and at any time.
Bullion Promotion
Christmas Facebook and Instagram Competition
Diwali 2020 Competition
Lunar Ox Competition
Why Collect Survey 2020 Prize Draw
Quokka's Birthday Competition
Father's Day Competition
Mother's Day Facebook Competition
July Anagram Competition
June Anagram Competition
The Perth Mint Shop iPad Sign-Ups Monthly Draw
Free 1oz Minted Bar Prize Draw Promotion
Free 1oz Minted Bar Prize Draw Promotion Terms and Conditions
Please read the Free Minted Bar Prize Draw Terms and Conditions carefully. Your entry to and participation in the promotion is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all entrants.
Christmas Facebook and Instagram Competition
Christmas 2020 Facebook and Instagram Competition Terms and Conditions
Please read the Christmas Terms and Conditions full
carefully. Your entry to and participation in the competition is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all entrants.
Diwali 2020 Competition
SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Eligibility
This competition is open to entrants of Australia.
Entrants in the competition may only enter once.
Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.
Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner.
Prizes
A total of one (1) prize winner will receive one (1) Diwali 1oz Silver Gilded Medallion valued at a recommended retail price of AUD 110.00.
Competition Period
Competition opens 9:00am on 5 November 2020 (AWST).
The competition closes at 7.59pm on 12 November 2020 (AWST).
The winner will be notified on 13 November 2020.
How to Enter
To enter the competition, entrants are required to guess the answer to the riddle described in the competition post. Answers must be submitted by commenting on the competition post on Facebook or Instagram.
Winners Selection
In the event that multiple correct entries are received, the winner will be selected randomly.
Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize awarded.
The Perth Mint will notify the winner by direct message on Facebook or Instagram on 13 November 2020. The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 18 years by The Perth Mint.
In the event that the winner is younger than 18 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.
Lunar Ox CompetitionSPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONSEligibilityThis competition is open to entrants worldwide. Entrants in the competition may only enter once. Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid. Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner.PrizesA total of one (1) prize winner will receive one (1) Australian Lunar Series III 2021 Year of the Ox 1oz Silver Proof Coin valued at a recommended retail price of AUD 115.00.Competition PeriodCompetition opens 9:00am on 7 October 2020 (AWST). The competition closes at 7.59pm on 23 October 2020 (AWST). The winner will be notified on 26 October 2020.How to EnterTo enter the competition, entrants are required to guess who the mystery celebrity is described in the competition post. Answers must be submitted by commenting on the competition post on Facebook or Instagram. Winners SelectionIn the event that multiple correct entries are received, the winner will be selected randomly.Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize awarded.The Perth Mint will notify the winner by direct message on Facebook or Instagram on 26 October 2020. The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 18 years by The Perth Mint.In the event that the winner is younger than 18 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.
The Perth Mint's Why Collect Survey 2020 Prize DrawSPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONSEligibilityCustomers who completed The Perth Mint’s Why Collect Survey (“Survey”) will have the chance to enter the Survey Draw to one $100 Visa Gift Card.Survey Draw PeriodCustomers must complete the Survey between 9.00 am (AWST) on Tuesday 6 October 2020 and 9.00 pm (AWST) 9 October 2020 to be eligible for the Survey Draw.PrizesThere will be one prize of one (1) $100 Visa Gift Card, with the recommended retail price of AUD 100.00.The Visa Gift Card is subject to certain terms and conditions. The Perth Mint is not responsible for replacement of the Visa Card if it is lost or stolen.  How to EnterThe Survey will be emailed to The Perth Mint customers on Tuesday 6 October 2020.Customers must complete the Survey and provide their contact details to be eligible for the Survey Draw. Winners SelectionPrize winner will be drawn on Monday 12 October 2020.The winner will be randomly drawn by The Perth Mint, at its sole discretion. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize. The Perth Mint will notify the winner by telephone or email only with instructions on how to claim the prize.General18 years and over. The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 18 years by The Perth Mint.       Quokka's Birthday CompetitionSPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONSEligibilityThis competition is open to entrants in Western Australia. Entrants in the competition may only enter once.Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.PrizesA total of two (2) prize winners will each receive a total of two (2) Quokka 2020 1oz Silver Bullion Coins and a gift voucher to cover transport costs to Rottnest Island valued at a recommended retail price of AUD 250.00.Competition PeriodCompetition opens 9:00am on 14 September 2020 (AWST). The competition closes at 7.59pm on 24 September 2020 (AWST).  One winner will be notified on Friday 18 and Friday 25 2020. How to EnterTo enter the competition, entrants are required to explain in 20 words or less why they love the unique Western Australian animal. Answers must be submitted by commenting on the competition post on Facebook or Instagram. Winners SelectionThis is a game of skill and all answers will be judged by The Perth Mint at its sole discretion.Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of three (3) winners and three (3) prizes awarded.The Perth Mint will notify the winner on Facebook and Instagram timeline and by direct message on 11 September, 18 September and 25 September 2020. The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 18 years by The Perth Mint.In the event that the winner is younger than 18 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered. OtherEntrants warrant, undertake and agree that a) they will not submit, produce, share or distribute any content that is unlawful, fraudulent, has been plagiarised or that The Perth Mint in its sole discretion may deem to be in breach of intellectual property law, privacy, publicity or other rights, or which is defamatory , obscene, derogatory, pornographic, sexually inappropriate, violent, abusive, harassing, or unsuitable for publication, b) they have obtained all the necessary rights,  releases, and permission for any content incorporated in their entry, and c) they grant The Perth Mint the irrevocable authority and all the requisite rights to publish the work on its websites, other media and The Perth Mint marketing material in perpetuity. Father's Day CompetitionSPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONSEligibilityThis competition is open to entrants worldwide. Entrants in the competition may only enter once.Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.PrizesA total of one (1) prize winner will be chosen to receive a total of one (1) 007 James Bond 2020 1/4oz Gold Proof Coin valued at a recommended retail price of AUD 1,490.00.Competition PeriodCompetition opens 8:00am on 24 August 2020 (AWST). The competition closes at 7.59pm on 28 August 2020 (AWST). The winner will be announced on 31 August 2020. How to EnterTo enter the competition, entrants are required to identify and explain in 40 words or less their favourite action movie moment from the James Bond franchise. Answers must be submitted by commenting on the competition post on Facebook or Instagram and must include the title of the movie. Winners SelectionThis is a game of skill and all answers will be judged by The Perth Mint at its sole discretion.Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize awarded.The Perth Mint will notify the winner on Facebook and Instagram timeline and by direct message on 31 August 2020. The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 16 years by The Perth Mint.In the event that the winner is younger than 16 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.Mother's Day Facebook Competition
SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Eligibility
This competition is open to entrants worldwide.
Entrants in the competition may only enter once.
Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.
Prize
A total of one (1) prize winner will be chosen to receive a total of one (1) gold-plated Donna Si cuff valued at a recommended retail price of AUD 395.
Competition Period
Competition opens 4:00pm on 6 May 2020 (AWST).
The competition closes at 7.59pm on 10 May 2020 (AWST).
The winner will be announced on 11 May 2020.
How to Enter
To enter the competition, entrants are required to first ‘Like’ The Perth Mint’s Facebook page and share the competition post. Then, entrants must tag their own mother in the comment section and explain in writing why their mother deserves to win.
Winners Selection
This is a game of skill and all answers will be judged by The Perth Mint at its sole discretion.
Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize.
The Perth Mint will notify the winner on Facebook timeline and by direct message on 10 May 2020. The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 16 years by The Perth Mint.
The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 16 years by The Perth Mint.
In the event that the winner is younger than 16 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.
July Anagram Competition
SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Eligibility
This competition is open to entrants worldwide.
Entrants in the competition may enter multiple times.
Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.
Prize
A total of one (1) prize winner will be chosen to receive a total of one (1) emoji™ Celebration 2020 1oz Silver Proof Coin.
Competition Period
Competition opens 8:00am on 7 July 2020. Competition entries must be received by 7.59am on 4 August 2020. (AWST). The competition closes at 7.59am on 4 August 2020 (AWST).
The winner will be chosen by The Perth Mint during the week commencing Monday 10 August 2020.
How to Enter
To enter the competition, entrants are required to solve the anagram and send their answer to The Perth Mint by email: anagram@perthmint.com
Winners Selection
This is a game of skill and all answers will be judged by The Perth Mint at its sole discretion.
Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize.
The Perth Mint will notify the winner by telephone or email only during the week commencing Monday 10 August 2020.
The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 16 years by The Perth Mint.
In the event that the winner is younger than 16 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.
The winners name will be listed on blog.perthmint.com.au
June Anagram Competition
SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Eligibility
This competition is open to entrants worldwide.
Entrants in the competition may enter multiple times.
Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.
Prize
A total of one (1) prize winner will be chosen to receive a total of one (1) Australian Emu 2019 1oz Silver Proof Coin.
Competition Period
Competition opens 8:00am on 2 June 2020. Competition entries must be received by 7.59am on 7 July 2020. (AWST). The competition closes at 7.59am on 7 July 2020 (AWST).
The winner will be chosen by The Perth Mint during the week commencing Monday 14 July 2020.
How to Enter
To enter the competition, entrants are required to solve the anagram and send their answer to The Perth Mint by email: anagram@perthmint.com
Winners Selection
This is a game of skill and all answers will be judged by The Perth Mint at its sole discretion.
Only correct entries will be entered into the draw to select the winner. There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize.
The Perth Mint will notify the winner by telephone or email only during the week commencing Monday 14 July 2020.
The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 16 years by The Perth Mint.
In the event that the winner is younger than 16 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize can be claimed. In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent in the sole opinion of The Perth Mint, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.
The winners name will be listed on blog.perthmint.com.au
The Perth Mint Shop iPad Sign-Ups Monthly Draw
SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS
Eligibility
This competition is open to all persons attending The Perth Mint Shop, 310 Hay St, East Perth WA Australia.
Entrants in the competition may enter multiple times.
Incomprehensible and incomplete entries will be deemed invalid.
Prize
A total of one (1) prize winner per month will be chosen to receive a total of one (1) 1oz Silver Proof Coin.
The Perth Mint, in its sole and absolute discretion, will choose which design of coin is the prize for any particular month.
Competition Period
The competition opens at 9.00am (AWST) on the first day of each calendar month.
Competition entries must be received by 5.00pm (AWST) on the last day of the calendar month, with the monthly prize draw ("Monthly Draws") occurring within 5 business days after the end of that month.
The Perth Mint may terminate or end the entire competition at a day and time of its choosing, in its sole and absolute discretion.
How to Enter
To enter the competition, entrants are required to complete the online sign up form for one of The Perth Mint’s email newsletters on the iPad stands located at The Perth Mint Shop, 310 Hay St, East Perth WA Australia 6003.
Winners Selection
Computerised random draws for monthly prizes ("Monthly Draws") will take place from all entries received during the calendar month.
All Monthly Draws will be conducted by a representative of The Perth Mint.
Only correct entries will be entered into the Monthly Draw to select the winner.
There will be a total of one (1) winner and one (1) prize.
The Perth Mint will notify the winner by telephone or email only during the week commencing each calendar month.
The Perth Mint reserves the right to request that the winner provides proof of age if deemed younger than 16 years by The Perth Mint.
In the event that the winner is younger than 16 years The Perth Mint requires parental consent before the prize is claimed.
In the event that the winner cannot provide parental consent, the winner will forfeit the prize in whole and no substitute will be offered.
General Terms and Conditions
Eligibility
The Perth Mint’s agents, associated companies, employees and their immediate families, are not eligible to enter thie competition and/or giveaway.
The Perth Mint in its sole discretion reserves the right to disqualify any entrant for any reason including an entry which is not in accordance with the Competition Terms and Conditions of entry or if the entrant engaged in any conduct in entering the competition and/or giveaway which is fraudulent, misleading, deceptive or generally damaging to the goodwill or reputation of The Perth Mint or the competition and/or giveaway.
Prize Claims
The prize is not transferable and/or be exchanged for cash.
The Perth Mint makes no representations or warranties as to the suitability or merchantability of any of the prizes.
As applicable, it is the responsibility of the winner to provide The Perth Mint with mailing information within five (5) working days of notification from The Perth Mint and to comply with The Perth Mint’s delivery requirements so that prize can be posted. Otherwise the prize will be forfeited.
Lost, Delayed
The Perth Mint takes no responsibility for the lost, delayed or misdirect of any prize or communication.
Import Charges, Taxes, Duties
The Perth Mint accepts no responsibility for customs restrictions or import charges and other local charges that may be incurred for prize deliveries overseas.
Privacy and Security
The Perth Mint will treat any personal information obtained from all entrants in accordance with The Perth Mint Privacy Policy.
Indemnity and Release
To the extent permitted by law, The Perth Mint is not liable for any loss or damage suffered or sustained by any prize winners whatsoever as a result of accepting any prize or participation in the competition and/or giveaway.
Each entrant agrees to release and indemnify The Perth Mint from and against all liability, cost, loss or expense, arising out of the participation in the competition and the acceptance of any prize.
Dispute ResolutionIn all matters, all decisions of The Perth Mint will be final and cannot be contested and no correspondence will be entered into or entertained.The Perth Mint reserves the right, at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend any competition and/or giveaway for any reasons.Facebook or Instagram Competitions Competitions conducted on Facebook or Instagram are not sponsored, endorsed, administered by or associated with Facebook or Instagram.
Recent ReleasesGold CoinsSilver CoinsBase Metal CoinsThemed CoinsCoin ProgramsGifts & Jewellery
Gold & Silver Price Chart
day
week
month
3 months
6 months
1 year
2 years
Gold
Silver
Prices are in USD per oz.
Prices are in USD per oz.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Sign up to our coin collector or bullion newsletters to stay up to date with latest offers, news and releases
Subscribe to Newsletter
Subscribe To ENewsletter
First Name
Surname
Email Address
Country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
American Virgin Islands
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Azores
Bahamas
Bahrain
Baleares
Bangladesh
Barbados
Barbuda and Antigua
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burma
Burundi
Caicos and Turks Islands
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Canary Islands
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Communauté Financière Africaine (CFA)
Comoros
Comptoirs Français du Pacifique (CFP)
Congo
Congo/Brazzaville
Congo/Kinshasa
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Côte D'Ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Curaço
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Caribbean Dollars
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
France Metropolitan
French Guiana
French Pacific Islands (French Polynesia)
French Southern Territories
Futuna and Wallis Islands
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macau
Macedonia
Madagascar
Madeira Islands
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Mariana Islands (Northern)
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
McDonald Islands and Heard Island
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Midway Islands
Miquelon and Saint Pierre
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory, Occupie
Palladium
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn Islands
Poland
Portugal
Principe and São Tome
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saba
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Christopher
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and The Grenadines
Saint-Martin
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Seborga
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Eustatius
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia
South Korea
South Sandwich Islands
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
US Virgin Islands
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican City
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands (American)
Virgin Islands (British)
Wake Island
Wallis and Futuna Islands
Western Sahara
Western Samoa
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Newsletter
NumismaticBullionJewellery
Sample Newsletter
Shop
Coins / Jewellery / Gifts / Investment Coins & Bars
Invest
Bullion / Storage
Services Refinery & Treasury / Distributors / Custom Minting
About
What We do
Contact
Visit 310 Hay Street, East Perth, Western Australia
+61 8 9421 7222
New opening times from 5 December 2020(Closed Christmas Day, Boxing Day and New Years Day)
Stay Tuned
Subscribe to our eNewslettersCoin Collector Blog
Bullion Investor Blog
Bullion News & Reports