http://www.meditainment.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Toggle navigation
Free MeditainmentLogin Meditation TopicsStress and Pain ReliefGrowth and DevelopmentSelf-Motivation and EnergyMindfulness and InsightSleep and RechargeRest and RelaxationAboutFAQsContact
The Meditations
Island Paradise
Secret Garden
Tropical Sands
Mountain Refuge
Fantasy Island
Serenity Spa
Country Meadow
Arctic Igloo
Desert Oasis
Holiday Beach
City Park
Blue Lagoon
Welcome Wood
Lost City
Deep Ocean
Sky Realm
Willow Tree
Earthrise
Pain Management
Falling Asleep
PRIVACY POLICY
We understand that the privacy and security of your personal data is an important issue and we are committed to protecting it. We aim to be completely transparent on how we collect, process and store your personal data.
Here we explain how personal data is collected when you participate in the Meditainment programme, how that data is used, your rights, and how you can control/delete that data.
'Personal data', is any data that can be used to directly contact or identify an individual, such as full name or email address, as well as any data that is combined directly with such data.
We will treat your personal information and data in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act 2018 and other applicable data protection laws. When we collect or use your data, Wellmind Health is the "data controller", which means we decide how and why your data is processed.
1. How we obtain your personal data
You provide us information about yourself in various ways when you access the meditation library. For example, you provide us with data such as your name and email address, or otherwise provide us with various personal information when you interact with the meditation library. We also collect personal information when you communicate directly with us by email or phone.
2. What personal data we collect
a. Contact data, including your name and email address.
b. Technical data such as your IP address or web browser type.
c. Information on your use of the meditation library.
3. How we use your personal data
Wellmind Health processes your personal data for the following purposes:
to enhance your experience with the meditation library ;
to provide library support requested by you and any related communications;
to analyse trends and profiles in order to better understand our performance, improve the programme and better meet the needs of users;
to comply with legal obligations and regulatory compliance;
4. How we use cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored by your browser on your device when you visit our website. We only use those cookies necessary for you to login and use the course securely and for us to track and analyse usage and other statistical information to improve the experience of course participants. We do not use cookies or any other tracking technologies for marketing, remarketing or advertising purposes.
We use strictly essential secure 'session' cookies to enable the identification of users so that they can login and use the course securely. A session cookie expires when you close your browser. The cookies do not contain any personally identifiable data.
Additionally, we make use of non-essential Facebook cookies to allow you to login this way and Google Analytics cookies to analyse user behaviours and so improve the functionality of our website. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google that tracks and reports on traffic that passes through our website.
Please see our
Cookie Policy which explains more about our use of cookies and how you can block or manage them.
5. Sharing your personal data
If you accept our non-essential Google Analytics cookies when you visit our website, then your data about visits and navigation of the website may be shared with Google in the USA.
6. Our legal basis for processing your data
The law allows us to collect and use personal data if it is reasonably necessary to achieve our purpose (as long as to do so it is fair, balanced and does not unduly impact on your rights). Our purpose is the running of the meditation library and delivering to you the most effective guided meditation experience.
7. How long we keep your information
We only keep your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we hold it for, including satisfying any legal, accounting or regulatory requirements. If you have joined the meditation library, your library access and the associated resources is open to you to access for a period of 8 years since your last login to the course.  At any time, you can cancel your access to the library and have us delete the personal information that we hold.
8. Communicating with you
We may use your email contact details to provide you with information about the library, which we consider may be of interest to you. You can opt out of receiving these emails from us at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of our emails.
9. Security
We implement strict security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information. No other parties have access to or control over our IT platform on Amazon Web Services that runs the meditation library.
Our website is protected by HTTPS, meaning that any personal information that you transfer to us via our website is encrypted and stored as securely as possible.
We make sure that your personal information is only accessible by trained staff. Access to personal information is restricted to only those individuals that need this data in order to carry out their functions.
We regularly review all internal security and privacy policies to ensure that all personal information within, or passing through the company, is handled in accordance with GDPR regulations.
10. Your rights
We rely on your consent to use your personal information and you can withdraw that consent at any time. You also have the following rights:
Right of access - You have the right to know if your personal data is being held, what categories of data are held, and to receive a copy of all data about you. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity before disclosing personal information to you.
Right of rectification - You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information concerning you. You can ask us to check if you are unsure.
Right of erasure - You may request we delete your personal information.
Right to restrict processing – You may ask for our use of your personal information to be restricted if there is disagreement about its accuracy or legitimate usage.
Right to object - You can ask us not to use your personal information to communicate with you, or where we are using it on the basis of our legitimate interests or for research or statistical purposes. You may opt-out from email communications by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in our emails or contact us.
Right to data portability – Where we are processing your personal information by 'automated means', you may ask us to provide your personal information to you or another service provider in a machine-readable format.
Rights related to automated decision-making – You have certain rights in relation to decisions made solely on the basis of automated processing of your personal information that has legal or similar effects on you.
The provision of information to you is provided free of charge. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity before disclosing personal information to you.
11. Location of Hosting
The personal information that we collect is stored and processed at the Amazon Web Services cloud London region in the UK.
12. Changes to this policy
We may need to update this privacy policy from time to time, including to reflect changes in the relevant law or in the way we collect, process and store your data. We will notify you if significant changes are made to this policy.
13. Contact details and Complaints
If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us either,
by email at contact@wellmindhealth.com
or by phone. Tel. +44 (0)1273 325136
You are entitled to make a complaint to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) at any time. We are always grateful for the opportunity to resolve your concerns before you feel it is necessary to approach the ICO.
Privacy Policy Changes
10/6/19 – Policy clarification updates
29/4/18 - GDPR update
Meditainment, Wellmind Health Ltd. 27 Palmeira Mansions, Church Road, Brighton, BN3 2FA, United Kingdom.
Trustpilot
Back to top
All rights reserved.© 2020 Wellmind Health+44 (0)1273 325136 UK
v3.1.2_7.0.0_4.3.1
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Cookie Policy
|
Accessibility Statement