http://www.josephturner.co.uk/customer/pages/terms
Call us on
01845 575100
Search
My account
Close
My account
Login
Forgot password?
Don't have an account?
Sign up
Bag
Clothing
Clothing
Suits
Jackets & Blazers
Men's Waistcoats
Coats & Outerwear
Formal Shirts
Tattersall Check Shirts
Casual Shirts
Knitwear
Rugby & Sweatshirts
T-Shirts & Polos
Trousers
Jeans
Shorts
Nightwear
Socks
Underwear
Gift Vouchers
Accessories
Accessories
Bags
Belts
Cufflinks
Ties
Socks
Gloves & Scarves
Handkerchiefs
Hats & Caps
Footwear
Footwear
Brogue Shoes
Classic Shoes
Classic Boots
Deck Shoes
Loafers & Moccasins
Sandals
Slippers
Shoe Care
Gifts
Gifts
Gifts Under £30
Gifts £30 to £50
Gifts £50 to £75
Gifts Over £75
Stocking Fillers
Gift Vouchers
Clearance
Clearance
Jackets
Formal Shirts
Casual Shirts
Knitwear
Tops & T-Shirts
Trousers
Jeans
Shorts
Accessories
Ties
Footwear
Style
Style
Lookbook
The Journal
Men's Blazer Styles
Create a Capsule Wardrobe
What is Tweed?
Summer Wedding Wear
Summer Style Guide
New This Season
Bestsellers
The Country Edit
CHRISTMAS OFFER DAY 11 - 50% OFF THE RRP ON JEANS - USE CODE PIPERS
Terms & Conditions
General
Welcome to the Joseph Turner website which is owned and operated by Joseph Turner Ltd. Our products are available to you on the website subject to the following Terms and Conditions. Please read through them carefully before placing your order. By accessing this website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions set out below. We may change these terms from time to time without notice to you. Changes will apply to orders placed subsequent to such changes in the Terms & Conditions.
Your Discount Offer
SPECIAL OFFERS: at Joseph Turner we are always striving to make your offer relevant and tailored to you. To do this we test lots of different offers which may mean that occasionally someone you know will have a different offer to you.
MULTIBUY OFFERS: none of our discounts apply to any of the multibuy promotions within our catalogue or on our website. However, if your discount is greater than our multibuy offer, your discount will be applied. Don't worry though, if the multibuy offer is better than the discount you have received then this will still be applied instead. Your discount does not apply to any items purchased from the clearance section of our website and can only be used in conjunction with the catalogue it came with and cannot be used with any other promotion or discount. All discounts and multibuy offers are based on the full RRP of the product and will be subject to availability and while stocks last.
EXCEPTIONS: agreements with a few of our suppliers mean that we have to exclude some products from the discounts that we offer. Thankfully this only applies to a handful of our products:
All menswear footwear (shoes, boots and slippers)
Please note, both our offers and terms of use can potentially change or be withdrawn at any time.
Acceptance of an order
Our acceptance of an order does not take place until the ordered goods have been despatched; at this point the purchase contract will be made. We reserve the right to refuse an order. Non-acceptance of an order may result from the product ordered being unavailable from stock, our inability to obtain authorisation of payment or the identification of an error within the product information including price or promotion. If there are any problems with your order we shall endeavour to contact you.
The laws of England shall govern the contract between us and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England.
Accuracy of information
We attempt to be as accurate as possible when describing our products however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that the product descriptions, colours or other content available on the website is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. All sizes and measurements are approximate; however we do make every effort to ensure they are as accurate as possible. Please note that prices are subject to change without notice.
Clearance Items
The products in our clearance department are significantly marked down by up to 70% off their previous full retail prices. These items are not included in, or subject to, other offers that we may run from time to time on this website (for example percentage discounts off the value of your shopping basket) as they have already been heavily discounted. Therefore, for items in the clearance department no additional discounts are applicable to the prices that they are already marked down to.
Security policy
Buying Joseph Turner clothes online is fast, straightforward, convenient and safe. When you wish to buy the items you have selected, your browser makes a connection to the secure section of our website which is different from a normal Internet browsing connection. Your browser should show an icon to indicate that it has made a secure connection and that your personal information is encrypted as it travels over the Internet.
Payment
Payment can be made by any method specified on our website. We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
Privacy and data protection
We take your privacy seriously and will treat all of your personal information in accordance with the applicable data protection laws in the UK to ensure that the personal information you give us is kept secure and processed fairly and lawfully. The data which you supply to us will enable us and our processors to fulfil your order and to provide you with the best possible service.
We collect the data that you enter on this site and we track how you use the site using cookies. We use this information to deliver your order and to save you having to type in the same information every time you visit our site. We also use it for anonymous analysis about how customers use our website.
In terms of your name, address and other contact information you will be given the opportunity, when placing and order or registering on our website, to let us know how you would like this information to be treated.
To find out more about how we manage your data you can read our Privacy Policy online.
Links to and from other websites
Our website may include links to other internet sites. We do not endorse any such websites and we are not responsible for the information, material, products or services contained on or accessible through those websites. Your access and use of such websites remains solely at your own risk.
You may only link to this website with our express written permission. We expressly reserve the right to withdraw our consent at any time to a link which, in our sole opinion, is inappropriate or controversial.
Acceptable use
You may only use this website in accordance with these Terms and Conditions and, in any event, for lawful and proper purposes which include complying with all applicable laws, regulations and codes of practice within the UK or other jurisdiction from which you are accessing this website.
Limitation of liability
To the extent that we are lawfully able to do so, in no event will we be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, exemplary or consequential losses or damages whatsoever arising out of access to, or the use of or inability to use, this website or any information contained in it or arising out of the services we provide, including loss of profit and the like, whether or not in the contemplation of the parties, whether based on breach of contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Disclaimer of warranty
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we disclaim all implied warranties with regard to the information, services and materials contained on this website including but not limited to warranties of title, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability and non-infringement of proprietary or third-party rights. All such information, services and materials are provided "as is" and "as available" without warranty of any kind.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense (including reasonable legal fees) related to your breach or misuse of these Terms and Conditions.
Intellectual property
All content and other material available on this website or which forms part of the services, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations, software and the compilation thereof (the "Content") is the property of Joseph Turner Ltd. The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the website (collectively, the "Trademarks") are the registered and unregistered marks of Joseph Turner Ltd, our affiliates, our licensors or our partners, in the United Kingdom and other countries, and are protected by United Kingdom and international trademark laws. All other trademarks not owned by us, our affiliates, our partners or our licensors that appear on the website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us.
Neither the Content, the Trademarks, nor any other portion of the website may be used, reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, accessed, modified, or otherwise exploited, in full or in part, for any purpose without our prior written consent.
Duty and customs
If your order is to be delivered outside the European Union, it may attract import duty and local sales taxes which must be paid upon receipt of the shipment. These rules vary by country and your local government determines duty and customs charges. Joseph Turner is not responsible for payment of these duties and local sale taxes.
General
These Terms and Conditions constitute the entire agreement between us in respect of the use of our products and services and of our website and supersede any and all prior agreements, arrangements and representations (save in respect of those made fraudulently).
If any of these Terms and Conditions are found to be invalid then that provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions which shall remain fully enforceable. No waiver by us of any term shall be deemed to be continuing or shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other term.
You are not permitted to reproduce, sell or exploit for any commercial purpose any part of the website or our services.
These Terms and Conditions will be interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of England and will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Have a promotion code?
01845 575100
3-4 Concept Park, Thirsk Industrial Park, Thirsk, North Yorkshire, YO7 3NH
Contact us
United Kindgom £
Choose country
Close
United Kingdom
USA
Help
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns
Size Guide
Terms & Conditions
About
Our Story
Request a Catalogue
Lookbook
Don’t miss out
Find out about special offers, sales and news!
Sign up to our newsletter
We will never share your email details!
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
Pin us on Pinterest
Read our blog
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Secure Shopping
Sitemap
Affiliates
eCommerce by blubolt