http://www.aboveitallkites.com/salespolicy.shtml
Search Our Catalog:
shopping cart is empty
Join Our Mailing List
Browse Our Catalog
On Sale Now
$41.99 was $46.99
$15.00 was $24.99
$16.99 was $21.99
$12.99 was $12.99
$14.99 was $19.99
$14.99 was $21.99
Special Places
Sales
Policy
Payments
We accept Visa, Mastercard and
Discover Cards. Due to rising fees, American Express orders will be assessed a 3% surcharge.
We also accept personal checks.
We need a VERIFIABLE Bank Name and Phone Number for ALL
Foreign Sales. Without it, we won't accept sales from overseas.
Items ordered with a personal
check will only be held for SEVEN days. After that if the
check is not received your order will be considered cancelled.
To order by check, send check or money order to:
Above It All Kites
P.O. Box 710A
Long Beach , WA 98631
Returns
All products purchased from
Above It All Kites may be exchanged or returned for a refund
in a NEW AND UNUSED condition within ten days of the shipping
date. Refunds will be issued via the same method as the original
payment or with an in-store credit. All shipping charges are
non refundable and a 10% restocking fee will be charged.
All products for which you
are requesting a return or exchange must have all the accessories,
be in its original packaging, and have a Return Merchandise Authorization
number (RMA#). Without these items the return or exchange will
not be possible. Above It All Kites reserves the right to refuse
any exchanges or refunds that are returned to us used or without
the original product accessories or product packaging.
Defective items will be determined
by Above It All Kites or the manufacturer of the item. If the
"defect" is not obvious we will contact the manufacturer
to see if they will cover it. Defective items may only be exchanged
for the exact same product.
All returns must be shipped
to us prepaid. Above It All Kites is not responsible for returned
items that are lost, damaged or delayed in the mail. Therefore,
we recommend that you properly insure your package and ship it
via a traceable method and hold onto these items until the return
process is complete.
To request an RMA# please email
us at info@aboveitallkites.com
with your order number. You will be contacted by a customer service
representative and given a RMA# with the shipping address for
returns. You may then pack up your merchandise and ship it back
to us.
Damaged during delivery- We ship almost everything through
the US Postal Service and they
require the recipient of the
package to file a damage claim. If your order was damaged in
shipment please contact the US Postal Service at 1-800-275-8777.
They will start a claim and will notify Above It All Kites so
that we can send out a replacement to you. Keep the box and all
packing materials until the carrier is contacted in case the
carrier wants to check them.
Shipping
We ship all US and Canadian
sales through the US Postal Service. (Note: Due to customs
delay, shipping into Canada can take up to 30 days.) We
offer a flat $9.99 shipping charge for USA purchases up
to $99.00, or FREE SHIPPING on orders over $99.00 excluding
sale items, to any SINGLE contiguous USA address. If you
need your order expedited, choose USPS Insured shipping
for an extra charge. Foreign sales will be charged the
exact amount of shipping.
Privacy
Policy
Above It All Kites
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate
our firm commitment to privacy and confidentiality. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices
for this Web site: www.aboveitallkites.com.
We use your IP address to help
diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web
site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping
cart.
Our site uses cookies to keep
track of your shopping cart.
This site contains links to
other sites. www.aboveitallkites.com is not responsible for the
privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form
for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address)
and financial information (like their account or credit card
numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to
send orders to our customers. The customer's contact information
is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users
may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out
section below. Financial information that is collected is used
to bill the user for products and services.
We do not share or sell any
information on our customers or anyone using our web-site with
a third party. We treat all information as private and confidential.
Security
This site has security measures
in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information
under our control. Sensitive information is internally encrypted.
The shopping cart uses a secure SSL server to transmit sensitive
information.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the
opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and
our partners at the point where we request information about
the visitor.
This site gives users the following
options for removing their information from our database to not
receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to info@aboveitallkites.com
You can call the following
telephone number: 360-635-5629
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following
options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
email info@aboveitallkites.com
call the following telephone
number: 360-635-5629
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about
this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings
with this Web site, you can contact
Above It All Kites
P.O. Box 710A
Long Beach, WA 98631
info@aboveitallkites.com
Home | About Us | Sales & Privacy Policy
Single Line Kites | Dual Line/Sport Kites
| Quad Line Kites | Kite Accessories | Yard Spinners
Flags | NASCAR | Wind Socks | New Items | Toys | Line Laundry | Wind Chimes | Fun
Gifts | Hot Deals!
email us: info@aboveitallkites.com
Mailing Address:
P.O. Box 710A, Long Beach, WA 98631
Phone 360-635-5629
Copyright ©
2002-2013 Above It All Kites