http://www.kiniki.com/pages/terms-conditions
SAVE £10 WHEN YOU SPEND £50 WITH CODE SAVE10
icon-account
icon-account
icon-arrow-right
icon-arrow-down
icon-arrow-next
icon-arrow-prev
icon-slideshow-next
icon-slideshow-previous
icon-comment
icon-heart
icon-cart
icon-bag
icon-close
icon-glasses
icon-menu
icon-minus
icon-play
icon-plus
social-seach
social-facebook
social-fancy
social-instagram
social-pinterest
social-rss
social-twitter
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
THE COMPANY - J W Walker Limited T/A Kiniki
THE CUSTOMER - The person ordering the goods from the Company. All orders are made under these terms and conditions alone and the Company salesman and agents have no authority to make any representation or promise on the Company’s behalf or to vary these terms and conditions.
STATUTORY RIGHTS - Nothing in these Terms and Conditions affects the statutory rights of the Customer.
DELIVERY - All goods quoted for delivery shall be delivered to the Customer. The cost of goods delivered will be charged to The Customer as defined in the details of delivery charges in The Company's current published price list or on the web site.
PRICES - Prices quoted are those ruling as specified on our website www.kiniki.com.
PAYMENT - Payment can be made by credit card (Mastercard/Visa/Switch/Maestro/American Express/Solo), Cheque or postal order made payable to Kiniki prior to delivery.
RETURNS - Where goods have been delivered to The Customer in accordance with an order placed by them, but are subsequently not required, The Customer is required to restore them to The Company at The Customer's cost and to take reasonable care of those goods in the meantime.
CONSUMER PROTECTION (DISTANCE SELLING) REGULATIONS 2000 The Regulations provide customers with a right to cancel an order and state that cancellation of an order must be in writing within 14 working days. The customer is under a duty to restore the goods to the supplier and in the meantime take reasonable care of them.
In respect of defects or shortages discoverable on inspection the Company shall be under no liability if a written complaint is not delivered to the Company within seven days of delivery detailing the alleged defects or shortages unless the shortage is also reported to the carrier on delivery. In respect of defects caused by faulty manufacture, materials or workmanship which are not discoverable on inspection but which are discovered within one month of delivery the Company will either repair the goods or at its cost replace them provided that:
The Customer informs the Company of the relevant defect in writing within seven days of discovery and
Returns the goods to the Company at its own expense.
The Company shall not be liable for any consequential or indirect loss suffered by the Customer whether such loss arises from breach of a duty in contract or tort or in any other way (including loss arising from the Company’s negligence).
The Company’s total liability for any one claim or for the total of all claims arising from any one act or default of the Company (whether arising from the Company’s negligence or otherwise) shall not exceed the contract price.
DATA PROTECTION
Data Protection Notification Statement detailing the purposes for which we may use your information.
In order to comply with the Data Protection legislation we are required to inform you that we may use personal information (including information that you enter on our website) as listed below.
Where do we store your data?
We store your personal data on our managing platforms. If you would like to learn about them in more detail, please email: admin@kiniki.com.
What is my data used for?
to handle complaints and warranty matters for products
to manage your queries and technical support matters through e-mail, telephone and social media
to contact you if there is a problem with your order
to send you marketing offers and surveys through e-mails and catalogues
to send you emails about new products and reminders of products left in your shopping basket
Why do we use your personal data?
We use your personal data to create and manage your personal account in order to give you the best possible shopping experience.
This includes:
Your order history
Order details
Contact details
Rate and review your purchases from us
What types of personal data do we process?
We will process any data you provide to us, including the following:
contact information including name, address, e-mail address and telephone number
order information
account or member number
Who can access your data?
Our customer service department, marketing department as well as our dispatch department has access to the necessary data to get orders to you as quickly as possible.
Can I access my own data?
You have the right to request information about the personal data we hold on you at any time. You can contact admin@kiniki.com and we will provide you with your personal data.
Can I change my own data?
The information we hold about you will, to the best of our ability, be accurate and up-to-date. You can check the information we hold about you by sending us an e-mail to admin@kiniki.com. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly. If you have an account with us, you can edit your personal data under your account at any time. If you do not have an account with us, please email: admin@kiniki.com.
Can I ask for my data to be deleted?
You have the right to erase any personal data processed by us at any time except for the following situations:
you have an ongoing matter with our customer service
you have an open order which has not yet been shipped
if you have made any purchase, we will keep your personal data in connection to your transaction for book-keeping purposes
How can I opt out of direct marketing?
You can opt out from direct marketing by the following means:
following the instruction in each marketing email
contacting us on admin@kiniki.com
How long do we save your data?
We will keep your data as long as you are an active customer.
We will keep your data for direct marketing until you withdraw your consent.
Data Protection Controller We have appointed a data protection controller to ensure that we continuously process your personal data in an open, accurate and legal manner. Please contact admin@kiniki.com with the subject line: data protection controller if you have any questions.
Updates to our Privacy Notice
We may need to update our Privacy Notice. The latest version of the Privacy Notice is always available on our website. We will communicate any changes to the Privacy Notice, for example the purpose of why we use your personal data, the identity of the controller or your rights.
Disclosure of information to third parties
We may disclose your information to third parties whom we instruct to process information on our behalf, particularly with regard to the issuing of mail shots, emails and market research. Such third parties are required to only use your information for the purpose we instruct, and to take appropriate measures to prevent unauthorised or unlawful access to your information.Klarna
In cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, we offer you the following payment options. Payment is to be made to Klarna:
Pay in 3
Pay Later
Further information and Klarna’s user terms you can find here. General information on Klarna can be found here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarnas privacy statement.
Credit Card Transactions on the Websites
All credit card transactions on www.kiniki.com website are done through a secure PCI DSS Compliant third party. We do not keep any credit card information.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy, please do not hesitate to email us at admin@kiniki.com
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. If you use our services, we will assume that you agree to the use of such cookie.
How do we use cookies?
We use permanent cookies to store your details if you select "Remember me" when you log in.
We use session cookies for example when you use the product filtration function, to check whether you are logged in or if you put an item in your shopping bag.
Some third-party cookies are set by services that appear on our pages and are not in our control. They are set by social media providers such as Twitter, Facebook and Instagram and relate to the ability of users to share content on this site, as indicated by their respective icon.
What types of personal data do we process?
We will only connect your cookie ID to your personal data submitted and gathered in relation to your account, if you are logged in to your Kiniki account.
How long do we save your data?
Kiniki does not save your personal data. You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. For instructions on how to handle and delete cookies please look under "Help" in your browser. You can choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.  All items are © Copyright Kiniki. All Rights Reserved.
payment-american_express
payment-apple_pay
payment-bitcoin
payment-dankort
payment-diners_club
payment-discover
payment-dwolla
payment-forbrugsforeningen
payment-jcb
payment-google_wallet
payment-laser
payment-maestro
payment-master
payment-paypal
payment-shopify_pay
payment-solo
payment-switch
payment-visa
Search