http://www.bradbeers.com/terms-conditions/
Smith Bradbeer & Co. Ltd. EST 1837
Store Info
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Terms & Conditions
General
These terms and conditions will apply to all transactions placed online with www.bradbeers.com and the use of the Bradbeers website. Please read them before placing any order. All contracts shall be governed by English law. Nothing in these terms and conditions will be deemed to affect your statutory rights. By using this site you are agreeing to these terms and conditions.
Promotions
* Free delivery on all home, women, mens and Christmas shop orders over £50
Spend £50 or more on any non furniture items (excluding rugs) and receive free mainland UK standard delivery.
Orders
We are pleased to accept orders by online transaction via our secure server. All credit/debit card transactions are subject to validation checks and are authorised by the card issuer. We accept MasterCard, Visa, Delta, Switch, Maestro and Solo. If the issuer of your card refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay and/or non-delivery of your order. No orders will be accepted or processed without a valid card payment in the name of the registered card holder. The web price includes VAT at 20%.
The customer shall be responsible for determining that the goods sold and purchased are in accordance with the customer’s requirements and are fit for the customer’s purpose. The customer will also be held responsible for determining whether the dimensions of the goods are suitable.
Changes to an order
In most circumstances it is not possible to make changes to your order once you have placed it, although we would ask you to contact us as soon as possible should you wish to do so. If you’d like to add products to your order, please place a new order for these items.
If you need to change details of your delivery address, remove items from your order or cancel it completely, please contact our Customer Services team for advice on 0845 19 900 19 between 9am and 5.30pm, 6 days a week, or use our contact form. Please be ready to quote your order number and order date. If your order has already been despatched or delivered, then you will need to follow our Returns procedure.
Purchase of Age Restricted items
Under the Criminal Justice Act 1998, it is an offence to purchase or attempt to purchase Knives or Bladed Items if you are under the age of 18. In accordance with these conditions, you accept that you are of correct age under the Criminal Justice Act 1998.
Under the Licensing Act 2003, it is an offence to purchase or attempt to purchase Alcoholic Liquor if you are under the age of 18. It is also an offence to purchase or attempt to buy liquor chocolates or delicacies under the age 16. In accepting these conditions, you are agreeing to Bradbeers that you are of correct age under the Licensing Act 2003.
Cancelation by Bradbeers
We reserve the right to cancel or not accept an order if:
We have insufficient stock to fulfil the order
We do not deliver to your area
One or more of the goods was incorrectly described or priced on our website
The payment transaction is not authorised
You fail to provide us with your real name, payment details, including card address and your delivery address if different from your card address, email address and contact telephone number.
Delivery Terms for Online Purchases Excluding Furniture & Beds
Standard delivery is FREE on all orders over £50. We charge £2.99 for standard delivery on orders under £50. Your items will be sent via Royal Mail. Items over 2kg will be sent via Parcel Force.
Delivery Terms for Furniture & Beds
Free local delivery is available within 30 miles of our stores in Hedge End (SO30 2QY) & New Milton (BH26 6DN) on orders over £250 in value. If you are outside this area, a competitive delivery cost will be quoted at the checkout stage (based on the distance and size of your order).
Your furniture is carefully transported and wrapped in protective packaging. We will unwrap and place your furniture exactly where you want it and then remove all the packaging. (This excludes home assembly furniture).
We will ask you to examine the goods in the presence of our delivery crew and if you find the goods to be defective in any way this should be noted on the delivery documentation which will be relayed to our customer services department who will contact you within 48 hours.
Dates Quoted and Failure to Take Delivery
Any dates for delivery of the goods are approximate only and Bradbeers shall not be liable for any delay in the delivery of the goods.
Failure to receive delivery of the goods or if delivery cannot be made due to factors beyond Bradbeers control (otherwise than by reason of any cause beyond the customer’s reasonable control or by reason of Bradbeers fault) then without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to Bradbeers.
Bradbeers may:
Store the goods until re-delivery is arranged
Sell the goods at the best price possible and, after deducting the reasonable storage and selling expenses, subject to receipt of full payment in full of the price of the goods in cash or cleared funds, account to the customer for the excess over the price under the Contract or charge the customer for any shortfall below the price of the Contract.
When goods have been specifically ordered at the Customers request and Bradbeers have incurred expense in fulfilling the contractual obligations irrespective of the amount of these expenses the full contract price for the goods is payable.
Bradbeers are not responsible for any personal injury (not caused by Bradbeers negligence), damage to property or damage arising by reason of inadequate delivery instructions and/or difficulties due in obtaining access.
Bradbeers will store goods for a maximum of 4 weeks. Such time period will commence upon the date when the customer is notified the goods are available for delivery. Thereafter storage charges will be payable by the customer to Bradbeers monthly at a rate equivalent to 10 per cent of the net retail price of the goods in storage.
Cancellation
You have the right to cancel orders of products that are in stock at any time prior to delivery.
Cancellation for items that are specially ordered upon your request (like most furniture showing an approximate delivery time) are at the discretion of Bradbeers and may incur any reasonable costs borne by the company.
Changes to the specification of original orders must be made out in writing and are not guaranteed
Returns
Under the Distance Selling Regulations, if you buy items from stock online or by phone your consumer rights entitle you to a full refund if you request one in writing within 14 working days after the day or receipt. This includes delivery charges. However if you require us to collect the goods we reserve the right to charge a collection cost.
For any specially ordered, bespoke or made to measure items (all furniture identified on the website with an ‘approximate delivery time’) cannot be returned or exchanged unless faulty.
Returns will take approximately 7 working days for processing once Bradbeers receive the goods in satisfactory condition.
We recommend that you insure the package you are returning. We suggest the use of a carrier that can provide you with a “proof of delivery”. Bradbeers cannot be liable for items lost or damaged in transit.
You may also return goods purchased online to one of our stores. It does not have to be the branch from where you originally bought the item. You will be asked to provide proof of purchase (i.e. a receipt).
Due to hygiene reasons no return or exchange will be accepted on any filled products such as duvets, pillows and mattress toppers. Lingerie – it is our policy that we will not exchange or refund briefs, thongs or foundation wear with a gusset. This is for hygiene reasons.
If the product returned is not in fully re-saleable condition or the packaging is damaged, we reserve the right to refuse a refund on the item, or deduct up to 20% of the original selling price from the refund amount.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
Damaged, Incomplete or Defective Furniture
Every effort will be made to ensure that the goods you have ordered arrive undamaged, complete and without defect.
Upon receipt we request you examine the goods in the presence of our delivery crew and if you find the goods to be defective in any way this should be noted on the delivery documentation which will be relayed to our customer services department who will contact you within 48 hours.
The damaged/defective goods can be returned with our delivery crew or alternatively we can arrange to order a replacement item and in the meantime you can use the items as delivered (keeping in good order) until we can redeliver the replacement item. Alternatively one of our very experienced service technicians can visit you at a convenient date to carry out an inspection and if possible repair the goods or obtain the necessary parts to carry out the repairs (most times this is the most convenient route for our customers as they do not have to wait for redelivery of the goods and you can continue to use them).
Products, Prices and Content
Prices and Specifications are correct at the time of publication but may be subject to alteration. E & EO.
Whilst every effort has been made to ensure the pictures and colours depicted on the website match as closely as possible those of the actual products, due to technical limitations, some colours may vary. All prices are shown in pounds sterling (£) and are inclusive of UK vat at the current rate unless clearly stated.
Prices, product descriptions, images and specifications are checked to the best of our ability, and whilst every effort has been made to make them accurate, no responsibility will be accepted for errors and omissions.
All items for sale on our website are deemed for contractual purposes not to be “offered for sale”, but rather to be “invitations to treat” (as per Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain v Boots Cash Chemists (Southern) Ltd 1953).
Any information displayed on our website or other printed matter by the company is not regarded to be authoritative or certified as the best practice and is only considered to be useful supplementary advice to other certified codes of practice.
All information on our website is updated regularly. We reserve the right to alter our prices and specifications without notice.
Contract Creation and Ownership of Goods
For all items (excluding specially ordered furniture and beds) the technical steps required to create the contract between you and us are as follows:-
You place the order on the Website by pressing the “confirm order” button at the end of the checkout process. You will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of instructions on the website.
We will send to you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered. This is automatically generated and is not an order confirmation or order acceptance.
When your product is shipped from our warehouse we will send you a despatch confirmation email.
Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch to you of the products ordered, unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order, or you have cancelled it or if it is for specially ordered items.
Contract Completion for Furniture, Beds and other specially ordered items
The contract of sale will be deemed to be complete once the order confirmation email is successfully delivered to the customer’s mailbox and full payment has been received. Bradbeers will send a separate order acknowledgement email to give an indication of the lead time to delivery. For example, many items take 6 – 8 weeks, but the lead time varies depending on many variables. Customers should understand that this lead time information is given in good faith and does not form part of the sales contract, should delivery for any reason take longer than anticipated.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:-
The product you ordered is unavailable from stock or discontinued by the manufacturer.
Our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment.
The identification of a pricing or product description error.
Comments and Complaints
If you wish to comment or complain about any aspect of your dealings with us please write to Smith Bradbeer & Co Ltd, 124 – 138 Station Road, New Milton, Hampshire BH25 6LW. We will reply within five working days of receipt. Alternatively telephone us on 0845 19 900 19 between 9am and 5.15pm, Monday – Saturday.
If after contacting us you still feel that your complaint was not resolved satisfactorily, then you can access the Online Dispute Resolution platform by clicking here: https://webgate.ec.europa.eu/odr
Privacy policy
Please click here to read our Privacy policy.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites or services. You should note that we are in no way responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites and advise that you use caution and refer to the privacy statements and terms therein.
Security
We would like you to be confident about ordering online. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your details are safe. The information you provide is encrypted so that it cannot be read by third parties. Your browser will confirm that you are shopping in a secure environment by showing a locked padlock icon or an image of a key in the bar at the base of your screen.
Copyright © The contents of this site and other publications from bradbeers.com are owned or licensed to Smith Bradbeer & Co Ltd or are used with permission by the owner, reproduction strictly by permission only.