http://www.importperformance.com/privacy
Privacy & Terms
Loading...
Get Free Shipping Over $50!*
Details
Sign in
Cart
0
0 items in cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View cart
Checkout
Buy Brakes Online And Save
Home
Products
Big Brake Kits
Brake Kits - Rotors and Pads
Brake Pads
Brake Rotors
2 Piece Brake Rotors
Brake Drums and Shoes
Brake Calipers
Brake Lines
Master Cylinders
Brake Pad Wear Sensors
Brake Hardware
Parking Brake
Brake Fluid
Brake Bleeder Kits
BBK Kit Repair Parts & Rotor Rings
Wheel Hubs and Bearings
Suspension
Interior Accessories
Promo Gear
Sale / Overstock
Brands
EBC Brakes
Stoptech
Akebono
Raybestos
Brembo
Hawk Performance
Centric
DBA
GiroDisc
Wilwood
Goodridge
Goodyear
Eibach
Motul
APP Automotive
Husky Liners
About Us
About Us
Reviews
FAQs
Returns
Our Blog
Sign in
Cart
0
0 items in cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View cart
Checkout
Talk to a Brake Expert
888-257-7149
or text 702-903-1713
M-F 5AM-6PM PT
Home
Privacy & Terms
Privacy & Terms
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.BuyBrakes.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Information and Opting Out
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. Simply ‘unsubscribe’ from any correspondence you receive from us.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Registration
In order to use this website, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to login a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Sharing
We may share aggregated demographic information with our partners. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
We may also use third-party advertising companies to serve ads to you when you visit our website or after you have left our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
We may also use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at service@buybrakes.com.
For Our Customers
Home
About
Reviews
Blog
Price Match Guarantee
FAQs
Shipping
Returns
Warranty
Wholesale
Privacy & Terms
Sitemap
Shop
Big Brake Kits
Brake Pad & Rotors Kits
Brake Rotors - One Piece
Brake Rotors - Two Piece
Brake Pads
Contact
Toll Free: 888-257-7149
Call or Text: 702-903-1713
Weekdays 8am to 9pm Eastern
Safe & Secure Shopping
Buybrakes.com part of APP AutoDNA, LLC, a division of APP - Advanced Performance Parts