http://www.pinkpolishdesign.com/policies/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Home
Catalog
Calendars
Holiday Cards & Gifts
Original Art
Art Prints
Notecards
Stickers
Giant Stickers
Notebooks
Bookmarks
Magnets
Buttons
Art Print Archive
Artist Bio
Event Calendar
Portfolio
Wholesale
Gift Certificates
Contact Us
Privacy policy
Why I Need Your Information and How I Use ItI rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:as needed to provide my services, such as when I use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support; when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for my mailing list;if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and as necessary for the purpose of my legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests, such as 1) providing and improving my services. I use your information to provide the services you requested and in my legitimate interest to improve my services, and 2) Compliance with the Etsy Seller Policy and Terms of Use. I use your information as necessary to comply with my obligations under the Etsy Seller Policy and Terms of Use.Information Sharing and DisclosureInformation about my customers is important to my business. I share your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited circumstances, as follows:Etsy. I share information with Etsy as necessary to provide you my services and comply with my obligations under both the Etsy Seller Policy and Etsy Terms of Use.Service providers. I engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to my shop, such as delivery companies. I will share your personal information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these services.Business transfers. If I sell or merge my business, I may disclose your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent permitted by law.Data RetentionI retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to provide you with my services and as described in my Privacy Policy. However, I may also be required to retain this information to comply with my legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce my agreements. I generally keep your data for the following time period: 4 years.Transfers of Personal Information Outside the EUI may store and process your information through third-party hosting services in the US and other jurisdictions. As a result, I may transfer your personal information to a jurisdiction with different data protection and government surveillance laws than your jurisdiction. If I am deemed to transfer information about you outside of the EU, I rely on Privacy Shield as the legal basis for the transfer, as Google Cloud is Privacy Shield certified.Your RightsIf you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. I describe these rights below:Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information I hold about you by contacting me using the contact information below.Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict my use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional circumstances (like where I am required to store data for legal reasons) I will generally delete your personal information upon request.Object. You can object to (i) my processing of some of your information based on my legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from me after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, I will delete your personal information unless I have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about my use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.How to Contact MeFor purposes of EU data protection law, I, Kathleen Harmon, am the data controller of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact me at info@pinkpolishdesign.com.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
${{amount}}
You're saving