http://www.ima-usa.com/pages/privacy-security
Shopping Cart (
0
)
View cart
"Close Cart"
You've earned FREE Domestic Shipping
Privacy & Security
International Military Antiques Privacy Policy
Effective Date April 14th, 2020. This Privacy Policy is provided by International Military Antiques, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of New Jersey (“IMA” or “Our”). This policy is intended to inform IMA Users (as defined below), the users of the IMA website (“Website”) of IMA’s practices related to Personal Data or Personally Identifiable Information.
Definitions.
“Client” means a client of IMA, whether retail or wholesale, who creates an Account (defined below) and purchases products through the Website.
“Data Subject”, “You”, or “Your” means any person whose Personal Data is collected or processed by IMA.
“Personal Data” or “Data” is defined as any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (‘data subject’); an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person; (Art. 4, GDPR).
“Website” means the ima-usa.com website and associated products and services.
“User” means any user of the IMA Website.
“Account” means an account provided by IMA to Client, which provides access to the Services.
Data Privacy in General.
We respect data privacy and all data privacy rights. We aim to process and store any Personal Data received from Users and Clients or any third party in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We will not share Personal Data with any third parties except where necessary for the performance of legal contracts, and to provide the services Users have requested and consented to. We aim not to collect, process, or store Personal Data for any purpose other than to provide Our Services and comply with Our obligations to Users and Clients.
We realize that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security gaps. Therefore, whenever possible We use encrypted communication connections and up-to-date security software.
What Data does IMA Receive?
IMA receives many types of data from our Clients, Users, and other parties including:
Communication Data: Data sent to us when someone contacts us including via website contact forms, email, social media messaging, or social media posts.
Customer Data: Data related to purchases and contracts created with IMA including name, title, billing and/or shipping address, email address, phone number, other contact information, purchase details, and financial information.
User and Technical Data: Website User data including cookies and website analytics, IP address, Account data, and device information.
Marketing Data: Contact information and user preferences related to marketing and communications from IMA.
Third Party Data: IMA Clients may provide us with contact information of third parties for us to execute our contractual obligations when performing drop shipping services. Also, IMA may receive data from third party vendors or service providers such as Google, Facebook, etc., related to marketing or advertising.
What does IMA do with this Data?
IMA uses Personal Data to:
Respond to and initiate business related and marketing communications;
Execute contractual relationships;
Provide the Website and its associated services; and
Improve User experiences on our Website and other platforms.
Where and How does IMA store this Data?
All Data is securely stored on servers that are assigned to our company and are located in the United States and Canada. Data will only be transferred to third parties to facilitate provision of the Services.
Data will be deleted when IMA no longer needs to keep it or if you have instructed us to delete it.
What is IMA’s legal basis to collect and process Data?
IMA collects and processes the above-described Data in order to comply with its contractual obligations, for communicating with Users and to administer our Website and business. Our lawful ground for processing this Data is our legitimate interest in providing our services, maintaining business records, communicating with Users, performing our contractual obligations, and growing our business through marketing.
IMA also obtains Your consent to collect and process Data. You provide this consent on our Cookie pop up, and through our Website.
Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information about when and how you use websites. IMA collects some cookies about Your use of Our website in order to improve Your experience and our Services. You can set Your external browser to notify You when a cookie is sent. You can decide whether to accept or refuse the tracking of cookies. But, if You choose to turn off cookies, it may affect Your ability to access or use the Website.
Third Party Services.
IMA may need to share or transmit Data to third party service providers to provide the services through the Website. IMA will advise Users when Data is shared with third party service providers or vendors.
For third-party services, any collection, processing, transfer or storage of Data will be handled according to the third-party’s privacy policy. Users should refer to these parties’ policies and terms of use for additional information.
California Privacy Rights.
California residents have a right to request that We disclose what Personal Data we collect from you and whether, and how, we disclose or sell that Personal Data. California residents may also request that we delete any Personal Data collected or maintained by Us from you. To submit a request for a list of the categories of Personal Data collected from you or to request that IMA delete your personal information, please email us at customerservice@ima-usa.com or send a letter to our US-based legal counsel at the following address:
International Military Antiques, Inc. c/o Revision Legal, PLLC 444 Cass St., Suite D Traverse City, MI 49684 United States of America
To verify your request, We may request certain information from you to confirm that you are a User of our Website, such as your phone number, username, email address, city, state, or geographic location. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request to IMA to disclose or delete your Personal Data. To do so, you must provide IMA with proof that the individual or business has been appointed as your agent, such by providing a signed power of attorney form, and provide accurate responses to any information requested by IMA that may be necessary to confirm that you are a User of our Website, such as your phone number, username, email address, city, state, or geographic location. California residents have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment by IMA for their exercise of these rights conferred under California law.
Privacy Shield.
IMA complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. IMA has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, IMA commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Alex Cranmer at customerservice@ima-usa.com.
IMA has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint.  The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Further, consistent with our Privacy Shield obligations, we must inform you that IMA is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Under certain circumstances, you may invoke binding arbitration to resolve privacy-related disputes. Our organization may disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. And IMA may be held liable in cases of onward transfers of personal information to third parties.
Data Security.
IMA takes makes security a priority and utilizes security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or the unauthorized modification, publication or destruction of Data. These security measures include internal audits of data collection, storage and processing practices and security as well as physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access to the systems where we store Data.
IMA restricts Data access to IMA employees, contract workers, and agents who need such information in order to provide, develop or improve the Website. These individuals are subject to confidentiality obligations and may be subject to disciplinary action, including dismissal and prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Data Rights.
Right to Access and Correction: You may request that We confirm to You whether We are processing Your Personal Data and what Data We are processing. If Your information is incorrect or incomplete, You may request that Your information be corrected or completed. If We have shared Your information with third parties, We will inform them of the correction, to the extent required by law.
Right to Erasure: If the legal requirements exist, You can request immediate deletion of Your Personal Data from us. This is especially the case when:
Your Personal Data is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected;
The legal basis for the processing was Your consent only and You have revoked it;
You have objected to processing for promotional purposes;
You have objected to processing based on the legal basis balance of interests for personal reasons and We cannot prove that there are legitimate reasons for processing;
Your Personal Data has been processed unlawfully; or
Your Personal Data must be deleted in order to comply with legal requirements.
If We have forwarded Your data to third parties, We will inform them about the deletion, insofar as required by law. Please note that Your erasure right is subject to restrictions. For example, We may not or must not delete data that We still need to retain due to legal retention requirements. Also, data that We need in order to assert, exercise or defend Our legal rights is excluded from Your cancellation right.
Right to Object to Processing
If the legal requirements are met, You can request a limitation of Data processing from us. Relevant circumstances include when:
You dispute the accuracy of Your Personal Data that we have (We must have the opportunity to verify this);
the processing is not lawful and You require a restriction of use instead of erasure (see the previous section);
We no longer need Your information for the purposes of processing, but You need it to assert, exercise or defend Your rights;
You have raised an objection for personal reasons, we can halt processing until your objection has been evaluated.
If You can show a valid right to restrict processing, We mark the Data in question to ensure that it is processed only within the limits that apply to such restriction (for example, to defend legal claims or within the parameters of Your consent).
Right to Data Portability
You have the right to receive personally identifiable information You have given to us for fulfillment of the contract or on the basis of consent in a transferable format. In this case, You can also request that We transmit this data directly to a third party, insofar as this is technically feasible.
Right to Revoke Your Consent
If You have given us consent to the processing of Your data, You can withdraw it at any time for future processing. The lawfulness of the processing of Your data prior to revocation remains unaffected.
Right to Object to Direct Marketing
You can also object at any time to the processing of Your Personal Data for advertising purposes. Please note that there may be an overlap between Your revocation and the use of Your data as part of an ongoing campaign.
Right to Object for Personal Reasons
You have the right, for reasons that arise from Your particular situation, to object to Our processing of Your Data to the extent that the processing is based on a legitimate interest basis. We will then stop processing Your data, unless We can, in accordance with legal requirements, prove compelling legitimate reasons for further processing that outweigh Your rights.
European Union Right of Appeal to a Supervisory Authority
European Union residents have the right to file a complaint with a data protection authority. In particular, EU residents can contact the data protection authority, which is responsible for their place of residence or state, or who is responsible for the place where the violation of data protection law has taken place.
Asserting Your Rights
If you wish to assert any of the above described rights, please address Your request by stating Your current address, Your date of birth and Your e-mail address to:
customerservice@ima-usa.com
We will use Your information provided in this request exclusively for comparison with the information in our database and thus for the protection of Your Personal Data against access by unauthorized third parties.
Questions and Suggestions
If You have any questions or suggestions about data protection, We look forward to receiving Your mail.
Please send written inquiries to:
customerservice@ima-usa.com
Wholesale
We Buy Military Collectibles
About IMA
Contact Us: (908) 903-1200
Track My Order
Shipping & Returns
Gift Cards
FAQs
Join Our Newsletter and Get 5% Off
Be the first to know of our latest discoveries and exclusive offers.
Email
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Site Map
Legal Info
Accessibility
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Pintrest
Youtube
Ebay
For questions or accessibility help - please call (908) 903-1200
Legal Notice - International Military Antiques, Inc observes all Federal, State and local laws. Everything for sale on ima-usa.com is completely legal to own, trade, transport and sell within the United States of America. Every musket, rifle, display machine gun, machine gun parts set or gun sold by IMA, Inc is engineered to be inoperable according to guidelines provided by the US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (BATF). Title 18, U.S. Code, Section 921(a)(16) defines antique firearms as all guns manufactured prior to 1899. This law exempts antique firearms from any form of gun control or special engineering. IMA considers all antique guns offered on our website as non-firing, inoperable and/or inert. Gun magazine laws, concealed weapons laws, laws governing new made display guns, airsoft guns, blank fire guns, and other items vary greatly by nation, state and locality. IMA works diligently to be aware of these ever changing laws and obeys them accordingly. However, it is ultimately the responsibility of the buyer to be in compliance of laws that govern their specific location. By placing an order, the buyer represents that he/she is in compliance with the law and will utilize the items in a lawful manner. All orders are subject to acceptance by IMA Inc, which reserves the right to refuse any order. We assume no liability associated with misuse of our products. Please see our legal page for more information.
All Images and Text Copyright © 2003-2020 International Military Antiques Inc. All Rights Reserved.