http://www.potsandpans.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Login / Sign Up
Brands
AnolonAyesha CurryBonjourBrevilleCirculonCollege Kitchen CollectionLocknLockRachael Ray
Categories
CookwareBakeware & OvenwareTabletopBeverageFood StorageTools & Accessories
RecipesSaleGifts
Cart
Your cart is empty
20% Off Breville Cookware
*Some exclusions apply. Prices as marked. Offer not valid on Breville cookware sets. Offer end date is subject to change. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer.
20% Off College Kitchen Collection
*Some exclusions apply. Discount reflected in cart. Offer end date is subject to change. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer.
$30 Off Rachael Ray Create Delicious 13-Piece Cookware Set in Gray Shimmer
*Some exclusions apply. Offer valid on online purchases made by 11:59pm (PT) on December 4, 2020. Offer end date is subject to change. Promotion code must be entered at checkout. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer. Enter promotion code 30OFFRACH at checkout.
20% Off Your Purchase Sitewide*Some exclusions apply. Offer valid on online purchases made by 11:59pm (PT) on December 1, 2020. Offer end date is subject to change. Promotion code must be entered at checkout. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer. Enter promotion code HOLIDAY at checkout.
30% de descuento en artículos seleccionados por tiempo limitado*
Se aplican algunas exclusiones. Oferta válida para compras en línea realizadas hasta las 11:59 pm (hora del Pacífico) del 15 de diciembre de 2020. La fecha de finalización de la oferta está sujeta a cambios. El código de promoción debe ingresarse al finalizar la compra. El código de promoción es válido para un solo uso. La oferta no se puede combinar con otros cupones, descuentos, ofertas o promociones. La oferta no es transferible y no puede venderse ni intercambiarse de ninguna otra manera. Oferta válida solo para artículos disponibles a mano en stock. Oferta no válida en compras anteriores, pedidos especiales, tarjetas de regalo, impuestos, artículos de edición limitada o artículos en oferta. Los asociados no son elegibles para esta oferta. Ingrese el código de promoción FIESTA al finalizar la compra.
20% Off Breville Cookware
*Some exclusions apply. Prices as marked. Offer not valid on Breville cookware sets. Offer end date is subject to change. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer.
20% Off College Kitchen Collection
*Some exclusions apply. Discount reflected in cart. Offer end date is subject to change. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer.
$30 Off Rachael Ray Create Delicious 13-Piece Cookware Set in Gray Shimmer
*Some exclusions apply. Offer valid on online purchases made by 11:59pm (PT) on December 4, 2020. Offer end date is subject to change. Promotion code must be entered at checkout. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer. Enter promotion code 30OFFRACH at checkout.
20% Off Your Purchase Sitewide*Some exclusions apply. Offer valid on online purchases made by 11:59pm (PT) on December 1, 2020. Offer end date is subject to change. Promotion code must be entered at checkout. Offer may not be combined with any other coupons, discounts, offers, or promotions. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be sold or otherwise bartered. Offer valid on in-stock items only. Offer not valid on prior purchases, special orders, gift cards, taxes, limited edition items, or sale items. Associates are not eligible for this offer. Enter promotion code HOLIDAY at checkout.
30% de descuento en artículos seleccionados por tiempo limitado*
Se aplican algunas exclusiones. Oferta válida para compras en línea realizadas hasta las 11:59 pm (hora del Pacífico) del 15 de diciembre de 2020. La fecha de finalización de la oferta está sujeta a cambios. El código de promoción debe ingresarse al finalizar la compra. El código de promoción es válido para un solo uso. La oferta no se puede combinar con otros cupones, descuentos, ofertas o promociones. La oferta no es transferible y no puede venderse ni intercambiarse de ninguna otra manera. Oferta válida solo para artículos disponibles a mano en stock. Oferta no válida en compras anteriores, pedidos especiales, tarjetas de regalo, impuestos, artículos de edición limitada o artículos en oferta. Los asociados no son elegibles para esta oferta. Ingrese el código de promoción FIESTA al finalizar la compra.
20% OFF BREVILLE COOKWAREstar
SHOP NOW20% OFF COLLEGE KITCHEN COLLECTIONstar
SHOP NOWOPRAH'S FAVORITE THINGS - THE AYESHA CURRY 6 QT. DUTCH OVEN.SHOP NOWOUR HOLIDAY GIFT GUIDESHOP NOW
Last Updated:  10/21/2020
BY USING OR ACCESSING THIS SITE YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ASSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Personally Identifiable Information
Third-Party Partners
Summary of Categories of PII
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Cookies: Use and Management
Exceptions to Privacy Policy
Special notice to California residents Special notice to European Economic Area Residents
Welcome to Potsandpans.com. Because your privacy is very important to us, we want you to understand how Meyer Corporation U.S., its affiliates and contractors (henceforth referred to as “Potsandpans.com,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use, share, and protect information about you. By engaging with Potsandpans.com and interacting with us offline (“Site”), you signify your agreement to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
If you come from the European Economic Area, please refer to the GDPR section of this Privacy Policy to see how it applies to you.
California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS for more information.We feel strongly about protecting the privacy of children and teenagers. As such, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from minors through our website.
Meyer may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, any such changes will be posted on this page, so that Meyer may keep its users informed of its information collection practices. Accordingly, we recommend that you consult this page frequently so that you are aware of our latest Privacy Policy and/or any changes to this Privacy Policy. Those with disabilities may also access this Privacy Policy in PDF format by clicking here; or by clicking the accessibility icon in the upper right hand corner of the screen.
Your continued use of our Site shall constitute your acceptance of any such new or revised Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
We welcome any and all questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Meyer Corporation, U.S.ATTN: Consumer Relations DepartmentOne Meyer PlazaVallejo, CA 94590
Toll Free Telephone Number1-877-399-2110
Contact us through this link.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
What is personally identifiable information (PII)?
PII refers to information that lets us know the specifics of whom you are, and can be used to identify, relate to, describe, associate, contact, or locate you (or a household for California residents), either directly or indirectly.  With this information, we can fill your service and product orders and better provide you with personalized services. PII that we may collect includes:
Your name;
Your billing and mailing addresses;
Your email address;
Your telephone or mobile phone number;
Your purchase/return/exchange information;
Your registry event information;
Your date of birth or age;
Your credit/debit card number;
Your IP address;
Other identification and contact information
We may also collect certain financial information; whenever we do so, we will attempt to provide a link to this Privacy Policy so that you can confirm how this information will be used.
If you choose not to provide your information, we may not be able to provide you with requested products, services, or information.
How and when is your PII collected?
We may collect your PII when you do any of the following on our Site:
Place an order;
Return an item or make an exchange;
Request warranty service for any Potsandpans product;
Inquire about our services;
Request product information;
Create an account;
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion, or event either online or offline;
Correspond with us by any means, either online or offline;
Otherwise volunteer PII for any reason
How is your PII protected?
It is our intent to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We employ reasonable security measures to protect the security of the information you submit to us. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities. When you make a purchase, request product information, or create an account on our Site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format. We maintain the data you provide, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We also encourage our partners and service providers to adopt and follow stringent consumer privacy policies.
However, no e-commerce solution, website, mobile application, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof”. If our system is hacked and your information is vulnerable, we will notify you within 72 hours. By using the Site or otherwise providing PII to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Sites. You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your PII against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, including by installing anti-virus software, closing browsers after use, keeping confidential your passwords, and making sure that you regularly update software and apps.
How and when is your PII used?
We use your PII in order to:
Process and track your order;
Provide the services you request;
Contact you about the status of an order;
Contact you about your warranty claim;
Send you catalogs or promotional offers (by postal mail or email) that we believe will be of interest to you;
Identify your product and service preferences;
Customize our communications to you;
Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased;
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Instructions for unsubscribing from any newsletters, promotions, or non-transactional related emails are included in every email.
How can you manage how your PII is used?
We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive product information or other communications from us or if you prefer to receive them less frequently, please contact us.
Please be sure to provide us your exact name, address, and email or phone number used to engage with us so that we can be sure to identify you correctly. Because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks for your request to become effective. If, due to human error, you continue to receive unwanted communications, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
How and when is your PII shared?
We share the collected information with Meyer Corporation, U.S. which includes all of its subsidiaries and affiliates. Meyer Corporation, U.S. may use this information to offer you products and services that may be of interest to you.
Our Contractors
We contract with other companies (such as shippers and website developers) to provide certain services to Meyer in order to:
Process and fulfill orders
Promote our products, events, and services
Host contests and sweepstakes
Design and develop accessible websites and web experiences
Process refunds and warranty claims
In some instances, these contractors may have access to your PII, but they are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of the information and to use it only for purposes of our business.
To learn more about the terms of service and privacy policies of our third party partners with whom we share information, please visit their websites below, which include but are not limited to:
MailChimp
Klaviyo
Oracle Service Cloud
FreshService
Commission Junction
Impact Radius
Shopify
Wyng
Viral Sweep
Avalara
BazaarVoice
Velocity CX
i-Tul
MEM Creative
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest
YouTube
Payment Processing
Your PII may be collected when you submit payment for any orders on our Site. The below payment gateways are available on our Site and you may choose which to use in order to complete your purchase. Each payment gateway provider operates independently of Meyer Corporation U.S. and has their own privacy and security policies. We suggest you visit the websites below to learn more about how each payment provider may collect and use your information.
ShopifyPay
PayPal Express
GooglePay
ApplePay
AmazonPay
Venmo
Credit and debit cards, including: Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, Diners Club, JCB
How can you review and correct your PII?
In order to keep your PII accurate and complete, you can access or update some of it in the following ways:
If you have created an account with us, you can log in and update your account information, including your name, address, and email address.
You may contact us by visiting the support section of Potsandpans.com and provide us withyour contact information and the PII you would like to access or update. We will provide you with the PII requested if we verify your request and it is reasonably available, and will make the corrections that you request, if possible.
How long is your PII retained?
Unless we choose otherwise, or receive a reasonable request to remove PII from our systems, we retain all PII and non-PII for as long as it is needed for the purpose for which it was collected. If you are a resident of California, please read the SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS section below.
Summary of the categories of PII collected about you
For your understanding, we have provided a table with categories of information we have collected from and about you in the preceding 12 months:
Category of PII
Source(s)
Purpose(s)
Disclosure to Third Parties
Identifiers, which may include name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers
Directly from youIndirectly from you (e.g. from observing your actions on our Site
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, e.g., to respond to an inquiry, process your order, provide information regarding products you have purchased, or communicate with youTo send you promotional offers that we believe will be of interest to you To improve our service to you
Disclosure for business purposes to: internet service providers, payment processors, marketing, administrative services, shippers
Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)), which may include name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information
Directly from you
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, e.g., to respond to an inquiry, process your order, provide information regarding products you have purchased, or communicate with youTo improve our service to you
Disclosure for business purposes to: internet service providers, marketing, payment processors, administrative services, shippers
Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law, which may include age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information)
Directly from you
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information
Disclosure for business purposes to: marketing
Commercial information, which may include records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies
Directly from you
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, e.g., to respond to an inquiry, process your order, provide information regarding products you have purchased, or communicate with youTo improve our service to you
Disclosure for business purposes to: marketing, website developers
Biometric information
Directly from you
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information
N/A
Internet or other similar network activity, which may include browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement
Indirectly from you (e.g., from observing your actions on our Site)From third party service provider, such as a data analytics provider
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the informationTo provide targeted advertisingTo improve our service to you
Sale to: N/ADisclosure for business purposes to: internet service providers, website developers
Geolocation data, which may include physical location or movements
Directly from you
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information, e.g., to respond to an inquiry, process your order, or provide targeted advertisingTo improve our service to you
Sale to: N/ADisclosure for business purposes to: internet service providers
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or other similar information
Directly from you
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information
N/A
Inferences drawn from other personal data, which may include a profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes
Indirectly from you (e.g., from observing your actions on our Site)From third party service provider, such as a data analytics provider
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the informationTo provide targeted advertisingTo improve our service to you
Sale to: N/ADisclosure for business purposes to: website developers
NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
What is non-personally identifiable information (Non-PII)?
Non-PII refers to information that does not identify, relate to, describe, or associate with a specific individual or household by itself or in combination with other information. It also does not include publicly available PII. We, our partner websites, or service providers may gather certain information about you once you have visited our Site. This non-PII may be compiled, analyzed, and distributed amongst our partners and service providers on an individual or an aggregated basis. Non-PII that we may collect includes:
The URL of the website you came from or are going to in your visit
Browsing or shopping path on our websites
Non personally identifiable purchase information
Other non-PII relayed by your internet browser during your visit, such as region, type of browser you used, the device you used to browse our website, etc.
Non-PII is not combined with PII.
How and when is your Non-PII collected?
Non-PII Collected by Meyer
We utilize web analytics tags to track pages and documents accessed through our Site during your visit. We utilize click-stream technology on our Site, which may not be readily apparent to you that it is being collected.
Non-PII Collected from Other Sources
We collect data that’s publicly available. For example, information you submit in a public forum (e.g. a blog, chat room, or social network) can be read, collected, or used by us and others, and could be used to personalize your experience. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances.
We may also obtain information provided by third parties. For instance, we may obtain information from companies that can enhance our existing customer information to improve the accuracy and add to the information we have about our customers (for example, adding address information).
This improves our ability to contact you and increases the relevance of our marketing by providing better product recommendations or special offers that may interest you.
Cookies and Third Party Advertising: How and when we use them
Potsandpans.com and some of our third party advertising service partners utilize cookie technology to store and retrieve Non-PII in order to provide services to you.
We utilize cookies to:
Store and retrieve Non-PII
Serve promotions
Recognize browser and associated browsing activities
Securely store account passwords
Store personalized home pages
Store which parts of a website have been visited or keep track of selections, such as those selected in a shopping cart
If you choose for the Site to remember you and automatically log you in, we utilize the cookie to authorize your account, in order to pre-populate forms with PII like your email address (the PII is not stored in the cookie)
Measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine what advertising content to display to you, based on your interactions on our Site, as well as on third party websites you may visit
A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on a computer virus, or capture your email address.
Cookies: Managing and restricting them
You can stop Cookies from being downloaded to your device or remove cookies by selecting your appropriate settings in your browser. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/stop-cookies-installed.html to see these. Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
Your device settings may also allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple or Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with us. We are not responsible for the Cookies from third parties. To learn about these third party Cookies, please refer to the relevant policies on the third party’s website.
If you set your computer to not receive cookies at any time, certain personalized services cannot be provided to you, and accordingly, you may not be able to take full advantage of all of our Site features (i.e. making purchases).
How and when is your Non-PII used?
To make our Sites more interesting and useful to you
For analyzing and improving the value of the material available on our Site
To increase the effectiveness of the products we will offer to you in the future
To help our partners and service providers, or our Site design teams to create, serve, and track promotions our customers might like
HOW WE RESPOND TO DO NOT TRACK SIGNALSCertain web browsers and other programs may be used to signal your preferences to us about how or whether we or third parties may collect information about your online activities. User- enabled privacy controls, such as a browser plugin or privacy setting, that communicates or signals your choice to opt-out of the sale of PII will be treated as a valid request to opt-out of the sale of your PII to third parties.
EXCEPTIONS TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Legal Requirements
Although we follow the rules we’ve outlined in this Privacy Policy, there are times when we may have to disclose your personally identifiable information to appropriate third parties.  Such circumstances include:
To comply with legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, or court order;
To protect Meyer’s rights and property;
To investigate reports of fraud or of users sending material using a false email address or users sending harassing, threatening, or abusive messages;
To protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Site;
To facilitate the financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment, bankruptcy, or disposal of all or part of our business or assets;
To protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our users, or others;
During emergencies, such as when we believe someone’s physical safety is at risk;
In the unlikely event that Meyer ever becomes insolvent and seeks protection under bankruptcy or insolvency laws, or if we plan to merge or be acquired by another business entity, Meyer may share or sell your personally identifiable information and non-PII with a third party that acquires our business.
Your PII and Non-PII May be Shared Elsewhere at Your Direction
At your direction or request, or when you otherwise consent, we may share your information. For example, if you create a wish list and elect to make it available to the public, your information will be accessible on our website, mobile, or social applications.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Links to Other Websites
Occasionally we provide links to other websites we think you will enjoy. These websites operate independently of Meyer and have established their own privacy and security policies. Meyer does not have any control over the content, privacy practices, or other activities of these websites. For the best online experience, we strongly encourage you to review these policies at any website you visit.
SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents have the right to request and receive from us, one a year and free of charge, information about the PII we have disclosed (if any) to third parties for their marketing purposes during the previous calendar year, and a description of the categories of PII shared. To make such a request, please contact us, including the phrase “California Shine the Light Law” in the subject line, and provide us with your name, postal address and email address.
From January 1, 2020, our customers that are California consumers have the following rights. To the extent that these rights apply to you, the following rights are provided:
Right to know
You have the right to know and request information about the categories and specific pieces of PII we have collected about you, as well as the categories of sources from which such PII is collected, the purpose for collecting such PII, and the categories of third parties with whom we share such information. You also have the right to know if we have sold or disclosed your PII.
Right to delete
You have the right to request the deletion of your PII, subject to certain exceptions and our record retention policy.
Right to opt-out of sale
You have the right to opt out of the sale of your PII to third parties.
Right to non-discrimination
You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.
If you would like to exercise one or more of the rights above, please contact us using the contact information provided at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. Such authorized agent must be registered with the California Secretary of State. We may deny a request from agents that do not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf.
We may need to confirm your verifiable consumer request before completing your request, and, for example, may ask for you to confirm data points we already have about you. We will only use PII provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS
We are based in the US. If you choose to provide us with PII, please understand that your PII may be transferred to the US and that we may transfer that information to our affiliates and subsidiaries or to other third parties, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. We put in place appropriate operational, procedural and technical measures in order to ensure the protection of your PII. You acknowledge you understand that by providing your PII: (i) your PII will be used for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and (ii) your personal information may be transferred to the US and other jurisdictions as indicated above, in accordance with applicable law.
Those in the European Economic Area have additional rights. Please continue reading for information about your rights regarding your PII.
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA RESIDENTS (GDPR REGULATIONS)
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), European residents have important rights to their PII. In order for us to process your PII under the GDPR, we require a legal basis to do so. We generally rely on your consent for this basis. Furthermore, you are free to revoke your consent at anytime by enforcing your data subject rights as seen below. Please be aware of our other legal bases for processing your PII, including contract, legal obligations, vital interests, public task such as reporting criminal activity, or other legitimate interests such as processing for your benefit. If our legal basis is not based on consent, this may enforce your data subject rights as laid out below. For more information, please visit this link.
Our GDPR Data Retention Period
In effectuating your right to be forgotten, when we have your consent to process your data, our data retention period is 5 year either after collection of data, or if the information is associated with an account, 5 years after the deletion of your account. You may revoke your consent at anytime within this 5 year period by enforcing your data subject rights as laid out below. Because of the nature of return or warranty data, we hold this data indefinitely for your benefit in order to effectuate your requests. If you want to enforce your rights regarding return or warranty data, please email us a removal request.
We also collect your information when your contact us for customer service. Customer service calls are recorded and kept on file by the call service vendor. At present time, there are no time limit on keep the recordings stored. If you have an inquiry regarding our vendor’s call records, please contact us at here.
Your GDPR data subject rights to your PII
Please be aware of the following rights to your PII:
Right to information and have access
Right to rectification
Right to object
Right to erasure/be forgotten
Right to restrict processing
Right to data portability
Right not to be subject to automatic decision-making including profiling
Right to complain to the ICO
Right to withdraw consent at any time
To make any request involving your rights, please contact us here. We will process your request within 30 days. Occasionally, it may take us longer if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you. Note that your rights may be affected if we have legal obligations to disclose. For example, we will retain and share your information with the appropriate authorities without your consent if your PII involves criminal activity. Please see the legal basis section for more information.
Right to information and have access
You have the right to request a copy of the PII held by or on behalf Meyer about you for free. We may need additional identification information to confirm your identity.
Right to rectification and Right to object
You have the right to have any inaccuracies to your PII corrected and the right to object to how your information is profiled. When you contact us, please provide us details on inaccuracies or profiling you object to.
Right to erasure/be forgotten
You have the right to be forgotten. When you consent to your PII to be used for the above purposes, your PII will not be held for any longer than for the consented purposes. We routinely review your PII for deletion. Additionally, you may withdraw your consent at any point.
If you do, the Meyer Group, our affiliates, and any third party processors will delete your information within a reasonable time. However, please note that we may turn your PII into anonymous data so that you cannot be identified from it for the purposes of statistical analysis, traffic/website usage analysis and other administrative purposes. If we do so, we will not delete your anonymized information. Also note of our alternative legal basis for retaining and processing your information.
Right to restrict processing
You have the right to restrict how we process your information. When we ask for your consent, we provide you with options on how we may process your information. Additionally, when contacting us, please provide details on how you would like us to restrict our processing of your information.
Right to data portability
You have the right to have us transfer your information to another data processor. When contacting us, please provide details on who we are to transfer to and their contact information.
PRIVACY POLICY REVISIONS
This revision history begins as of November 2015 and includes the date of the update, as well as a description of changes.
Last Updated:  12/31/2019
December 2019:
Updates for CCPA regulations for clarity between personally identifiable information (PII) and non-PII and how each are collected, used, protected, and shared. Included directions and contact for consumers who wish to request changes or removal of PII and non-PII.
June 2018:
Added more information regarding Cookies, added further clarification on data collection, added a GDPR reference section.
November 2015:
Added policy revision statement along with general revisions to our Privacy Policy to make it more readable, including fixing broken links, adding a do not track policy, listing third parties that information is provided to, and removed definitions of common web words (like cookies).
Meyer Is a Registered Trademark of Meyer Manufacturing Company Limited
© 2014-2020 Meyer Corporation