https://www.solvangantiques.com/about-us-today/privacy-policy/
INTRODUCTION
At Solvang Antiques we believe that when you visit our website, your personal information deserves protection. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and service users. This privacy policy is independent from our offline personal data collection practices.
This policy applies where we are acting as a data controller with respect to the personal data of our website visitors and service users; in other words, where we determine the purposes and means of the processing of that personal data.
We use cookies on our website. Insofar as those cookies are necessary for the provision of our website and services, by browsing our website you consent to our use of these cookies.
We do not and will not sell your personal information to third parties.
In this policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to Solvang Antiques. For more information about us, see OUR DETAILS section below.
CREDIT
This document was created using a template from SEQ Legal (https://seqlegal.com).
HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In this Section we have set out:
the general categories of personal data that we may process;
in the case of personal data that we did not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data;
the purposes for which we may process personal data; and
the legal bases of the processing.
We may process data about your use of our website and services ("usage data"). The usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data is Google Analytics and Facebook Analytics. This usage data may be processed for the purposes of analysing the use of the website and services. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, services and customers experience.
We may process your account data ("account data"). The account data may include your name, address, phone number and email address. The account data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, ensuring the security of our website and services, maintaining back-ups of our databases and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods and/or services ("inquiry data"). The inquiry data may be processed for the purposes of offering, marketing and selling relevant goods and/or services to you. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information relating to our customer relationships, including customer contact information ("customer relationship data"). The customer relationship data may include your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact details, and information contained in communications between us and you. The source of the customer relationship data is you. The customer relationship data may be processed for the purposes of managing our relationships with customers, communicating with customers, keeping records of those communications and promoting our products and services to customers. The legal basis for this processing is consent and our legitimate interests, namely the proper management of our customer relationships.
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our website ("transaction data"). The transaction data may include your contact details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. The legal basis for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract and our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business.
We may process information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our email notifications and/or newsletters ("notification data"). The notification data may be processed for the purposes of sending you the relevant notifications and/or newsletters. The legal basis for this processing is consent.
We may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us ("correspondence data"). The correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our website will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the website contact forms. The correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our website and business and communications with users.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
We may process any of your personal data identified in this policy where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper protection of our business against risks.
In addition to the specific purposes for which we may process your personal data set out in this Section, we may also process any of your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
Please do not supply any other person's personal data to us unless we prompt you to do so.
PROVIDING YOUR PERSONAL DATA TO OTHERS
We may disclose your personal data to any member of our company insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy.
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and/or professional advisors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
Financial transactions relating to our website and services are handled by our payment services providers, Stripe, PayPal and Wells Fargo Bank. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers' privacy policies and practices at https://stripe.com/us/privacy, https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full, and https://www.wellsfargo.com/privacy-security/.
In addition to the specific disclosures of personal data set out in this Section, we may disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person. We may also disclose your personal data where such disclosure is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure.
We may share information with any owner or successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold we may give customer list(s) as part of that transaction.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
In this Section, we provide information about the circumstances in which the personal data of users in the European Economic Area (EEA) may be transferred to countries outside it.
Solvang Antiques’ main office is located in the United States. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of the United States. Transfers will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
The hosting facilities for our website are situated in the United States. The European Commission has made an "adequacy decision" with respect to the data protection laws of the United States. Transfers to the United States will be protected by appropriate safeguards, namely the use of standard data protection clauses adopted or approved by the European Commission.
You acknowledge that personal data that you submit for publication through our website or services may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use (or misuse) of such personal data by others.
RETAINING AND DELETING PERSONAL DATA
This Section sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations in relation to the retention and deletion of personal data.
Personal data that we process for any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
We will retain your personal data as follows:
All data will be retained indefinitely.
Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Section, we may retain your personal data where such retention is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
AMENDMENTS
We may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes to this policy.
We may notify you of changes to this policy by email.
EEA RIGHTS
In this Section, we have summarized the rights that you have under data protection law. Some of the rights are complex, and not all of the details have been included in our summaries. Accordingly, you should read the relevant laws and guidance from the regulatory authorities for a full explanation of these rights.
Your principal rights under data protection law are:
the right to access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to object to processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
the right to withdraw consent.
You have the right to confirmation as to whether or not we process your personal data and, where we do, access to the personal data, together with certain additional information. That additional information includes details of the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned and the recipients of the personal data. Providing the rights and freedoms of others are not affected, we will supply to you a copy of your personal data. The first copy will be provided free of charge, but additional copies may be subject to a reasonable fee.
You have the right to have any inaccurate personal data about you rectified and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, to have any incomplete personal data about you completed.
In some circumstances you have the right to the erasure of your personal data without undue delay. Those circumstances include: the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; you withdraw consent to consent-based processing; you object to the processing under certain rules of applicable data protection law; the processing is for direct marketing purposes; and the personal data have been unlawfully processed. However, there are exclusions of the right to erasure. The general exclusions include where processing is necessary: for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information; for compliance with a legal obligation; or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
In some circumstances you have the right to restrict the processing of your personal data. Those circumstances are: you contest the accuracy of the personal data; processing is unlawful but you oppose erasure; we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of our processing, but you require personal data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; and you have objected to processing, pending the verification of that objection. Where processing has been restricted on this basis, we may continue to store your personal data. However, we will only otherwise process it: with your consent; for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person; or for reasons of important public interest.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation, but only to the extent that the legal basis for the processing is that the processing is necessary for: the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of any official authority vested in us; or the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party. If you make such an objection, we will cease to process the personal information unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes (including profiling for direct marketing purposes). If you make such an objection, we will cease to process your personal data for this purpose.
You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes on grounds relating to your particular situation, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal data is:
consent; or
that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract,and such processing is carried out by automated means, you have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. However, this right does not apply where it would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
If you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or, the place of the alleged infringement.
To the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us, in addition to the other methods specified in this Section.
ABOUT COOKIES
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
COOKIES THAT WE USE
We use cookies for the following purposes:
authentication - we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website.
status - we use cookies to help us to determine if you are logged into our website;
personalization - we use cookies to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you;
security - we use cookies as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally;
advertising - we use cookies to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you;
analysis - we use cookies to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services; and
cookie consent - we use cookies to store your preferences in relation to the use of cookies more generally.
COOKIES USED BY OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS
Our service providers use cookies and those cookies may be stored on your computer when you visit our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
MANAGING COOKIES
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome);
https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox);
http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera);
https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer);
https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411 (Safari); and
https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge).
Blocking all cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on our website.
Some ads may be served based on tracking.
Online behavioral advertising and ad personalization features also use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to identify groups of users and deliver appropriate content, services and advertising, to provide social media features and to analyze traffic to the Site. We also share information about your use of Site with our trusted, third-party and analytics partners, including, but not limited to Google. These partners may show past visitors to this Site advertisements on other sites across the Internet through services such as Google Remarketing or Similar Audiences, Google AdWords, Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Google Customer Match, and other platforms as applicable. Each of these third parties and/or platforms have their own privacy policies. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the terms and conditions of these policies.
You can opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's Ads Settings http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
For more information on the types of cookies used by Google, go to the site “Types of cookies used by Google,” located at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/, or any other URL Google may provide from time to time. For more information on Google Analytics, and how it collects and processes data visit the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or Apps,” located at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, or any other URL Google may provide from time to time.
The following Google Analytics Advertising Features are enabled:
Remarketing with Google Analytics
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting
Integrated services that require Google Analytics to collect data via advertising cookies and identifiers
These Advertising Features enable Google Analytics to collect data about your traffic via Google advertising cookies (more information at https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/types/) and identifiers, in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation.
You may opt out of the use of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) consumer opt-out page (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/). In addition, you may opt out of Google Analytics Advertising Features through Google Ads Settings, Google Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means (for example, the NAI’s consumer opt-out). You may also use any Google Analytics opt-out tool then available for the web which can be found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ or any other URL Google may provide for time to time. For more information about adjusting how ads are targeted through Facebook, go to the site “How can I adjust how ads are targeted to me based on my activity off of Facebook,” located at https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217 or any other URL Facebook may provide from time to time.
OUR DETAILS
This website is owned and operated by Solvang Antiques.
Our principal place of business is at 1693 Copenhagen Drive, Solvang, CA 93463.
You can contact us:
by post, to the postal address given above;
using our website contact form;
by telephone, on the contact number published on our website from time to time; or
by email, using the contact form on our website.
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
We are not required to elect a data protection officer. If you have questions regarding our data protection policy, please email privacy@solvangantiques.com.
Cart
Free Shipping on all Jewelry & Watches Dismiss