http://www.ticketzone.co.uk/privacy/
Home
Terms & conditions
Privacy
FAQs
Services
Privacy Policy & Data Protection
This Policy describes the personal information Ticket Zone Ltd. collects from you and how we then use that information. Please read it carefully.
The information we collect from you when you use our service to make event related purchases is used to help us service the purchase you have made. During the booking process you have the opportunity to decide whether or not Ticket Zone can contact you regarding other products and services sold directly by Ticket Zone Ltd.
On occasions you will be also able to "opt in", if you wish, to receive additional contact from our affiliated partners and their own sponsor partners. These additional opt ins are very clearly described before you complete the booking process and you are fully in control of whether you want to be included or not. In most instances it is only the Ticket Zone opt-in that appears and in such cases you can rest assured that your contact data will not be shared with any partners or 3rd parties for promotional or marketing purposes.
As an authorised ticket agent, Ticket Zone Ltd. will occasionally sell tickets on behalf of third parties who provide, promote or sponsor events, and on occasions who operate a venue where events takes place. Again, Ticket Zone Ltd. will not share your information with those parties unless we have first provided you with an opportunity to consent to such a data share taking place.
Ticket Zone Ltd. is responsible for the processing of your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Cookies Notice
We and third party organisations use cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags on our websites and in our emails. For more information about cookies and how to disable cookies, please see our Cookies Policy online when you visit our site.
How we collect your information
Directly from you when you book with us online at www.ticketzone.co.uk or via affiliated website that are "powered by Ticket Zone".
Directly from you when you book via our Contact Centre.
When you register to receive a newsletter on our web pages or the branded pages that we operate for our affiliated brand partners.
We occasionally use cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags on our websites, in our Booking Confirmation emails, in our newsletter emails to collect information about you. To learn more, please see our Cookies Policy.
Information we may hold about you
We use the following information for the purposes described in this Policy:
Your contact and address information: We will hold the contact information you provide in order to complete the fulfilment of the ticket purchase you have made via our services (e.g. name, address, phone number, email). Occasionally some of this data may be required by the venue you have booked for to help them produce a personalised ticket for you to use at the event. Most venues in the UK also require all agents to supply them with a simple version Customer List for each performance to act only as a reference point for customers who have ticketing issues on the day at the venue (most typically lost tickets).
Your payment information: is not stored or retained on Ticket Zone Ltd. systems and you will not be required to set up an account with stored cards in order to use our services.
Information on your preferences: When you register for a newsletter via the Newsletter Sign-Up page you are able to select categories of events that might interest you. That information is stored to occasionally help us better target your newsletters.
Information on your event purchase: When you register for newsletter notifications as part of the ticket sales process, we retain the detail of the acts you have purchased for and again use this to better target our newsletters to you.
General website usage information: If you use our websites, we may collect information about the browser and device you're using and your IP address. We might track details of what site you came to us from, what you did and didn't use our site for and what site you then visited when you left our pages.
Email response information: When we send you your Booking Confirmation email or a newsletter we may use cookies and other technologies, such as pixel tags, to collect information on how you respond to such emails. Please see our Cookies Policy online for more information.
Regardless of whether you have Opted in or not we may on occasions use your information (without ever directly contacting you) in the following ways and for the following purposes:
to identify trends and interests.
to monitor and improve our products, services, and websites.
to prevent or detect unlawful behavior or to protect and enforce legal rights.
for general market research purposes which may on occassion include allowing Event Owners, Producers and Venues to evaluate your data for legitimate business related reasons.
to provide you with tailored advertising and online behavioural advertising.
for direct marketing purposes – Only where you have agreed, you may be contacted by us by email, text message, telephone or other means with information or offers regarding our upcoming events, products or services (including our newsletters).
as otherwise permitted by law - In limited circumstances, we may also use your information for other purposes where permitted or required by law.
for security purposes - We may disclose your Information (including your personal information) to a third party if (a) we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (b) to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (c) to protect the security or integrity of our Services (d) to protect us, our customers or the public from unauthorised or illegal activities, or (e) to respond to an emergency which we believe in the good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person.
You always have choices about how we use your information
When you purchase tickets via the Ticket Zone Ltd. systems, we will always ask for your consent in order to collect, process or use your personal information for specified direct contact at a furture time.
If you wish to withdraw any consent you have previously given to us for such use of your personal information then please contact us or tell us about your preferences using one of the following methods:
If you want to fully remove yourself from our Newsletter emailing lists: Click on the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter you have received. This will allow you to instantly remove yourself from the list.
If you want to adjust the chosen event category sections in your Newsletter subscription with us: In this situation it is best to fully unsubscribe in the first instance and to then set-up a new newsletter subscription selecting the revised category choices you require.
For any further adjustments: If any of the above does not achieve what you require then please do contact our Customer Services team by email at customerservices@ticketzone.co.uk
When you make a purchase with us and you specifically choose to "opt in" to share your contact details with our affiliates/partners, our affiliates/partner own partners/sponsors, event promoters/producers, events or venues.
Your data will be shared in a basic manner for the partners to use as they require. In most cases the data shared will be limited to Salutation, Initial/s, Surname, Email address, postcode.
Additional notes
Any successor to all or part of our business and where permitted by law will be given your information to use in the future for the purposes set out in this Policy.
International Users of our Service
If you are visiting or using our Services outside the United Kingdom where the laws governing data collection and use maybe different, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information to us and by providing your personal information, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Data Storage, Data Transfer and Data Security
This policy has described the data we hold for you and the usage we make of that data. For your safety your credit and debit card details are stored by our banks and are never placed or stored on servers owned or operated by Ticket Zone Ltd.
We host data service with hosting service providers in numerous countries including the United States, Ireland and the United Kingdom. The servers on which personal information is stored are kept in a controlled environment. While we take reasonable efforts to guard your personal information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet as an open global communications network, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by third parties. We always encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. Where data is transferred over the Internet as part of fulfilling our service to you, the data is encrypted using industry standard SSL (HTTPS). Even if we delete your personal data it may persist on backup or archival media for an additional period of time.
Questions
If at any time you wish to enquire about where we store your data then please contact our Customer Service Department via customerservices@ticketzone.co.uk who will be able to share more details about your own personal data on our systems. Please note there will on occasions be a nominal charge for each request you make regarding this information.
If you have any questions or complaints about this Policy or any privacy concerns, or would like to request copies of the information we hold about you, please contact us.
Ticket Zone Limited – Privacy Policy updates
The latest version of our Privacy Policy will always be available for download via our website www.ticketzone.co.uk/privacy/.
This update is dated February 2019
Loading...
Processing payment ...Transferring you to 3D Secure authenticationDo not press the back or refresh button at any time during the payment process