http://www.afmo.com/terms_privacy.asp
www.AFMO.com
Home
View Cart (0 Item $0.00)
My Account
Order Status
Delivering Absolute Gear Confidence Since 1997
Browse Our Brands
Adventure Medical Kits
Arborwear
Bobbie Weiner
Boker
Code Alpha
Condor Tactical
Contico
Corcoran
Eberlestock
Elite First Aid
Elite Survival Systems
Fusion
Fox Outdoor
Galco Gun Leather
Geigerrig
Kamik
Kenyon
Kershaw Knives
Leatherman
LOWA
Maxpedition
Mercury
Multimat
Original SWAT
Potable Aqua
Pro-Tuff Uniforms
Propper
QuikClot
Reebok Tactical Boots
Schott N.Y.C.
Smith & Wesson
SnugPak
Source Hydration
SureFire
Topps Safety Apparel Inc.
TRU-GEAR
Tru-Spec
Under Armour
Woolrich Elite Series Tactical
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include AFMO, Inc. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on March 16, 2006.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Creation, Migration and Use of User Lists. Company must have all rights necessary to create or otherwise obtain User
Lists, migrate User Lists to, and use User Lists on, the Google Display
Network. Google will not allow another advertiser to use your User List without
your consent.
Selection and Targeting Restrictions. Company may not use User Lists to select or target advertisements (i) based on
past or current activity by Users on adult or gambling sites, government agency
sites, or sites directed at children under the age of 13 years or (ii) based on
other inferred or actual sensitive information (including without limitation,
health or medical history or information, financial status or other detailed
information pertaining to a person's finances, racial or ethnic origins,
religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature, the commission or
alleged commission of any crime, political opinions or beliefs, trade union
membership, or sexual behavior or orientation).
Notice Requirement. Company's posted privacy
policy should include information about Google, the User Cookie, and an
appropriate description of your use of remarketing in online advertising. The
remarketing description must be included in the privacy policies of all sites
that include the remarketing tag or otherwise gather information for
remarketing.
PII Restrictions. Company may not, for the
purpose of serving Ads, directly associate and store personally identifiable
information ("PII") with the User Cookie without robust notice of,
and the User's prior affirmative (i.e., "opt-in") consent.
Advertising Cookies Policy. Company's use of the
User Cookie via a User List is subject to this Interest Based Advertising
Policy and the Google Advertising Cookies Policy. Google's use of User Lists is
also subject to this Interest Based Advertising Policy and the Google
Advertising Cookies Policy.
DoubleClick Boomerang and User List Services. Company may not use a User List created via DoubleClick’s Boomerang or User
List services on the Web Properties unless the sites from which those User
Cookies were compiled (i) properly discloses the data collection and usage
contemplated by this Interest Based Advertising Policy and (ii) complies with
the privacy and notice requirements of this Interest Based Advertising Policy.
User List Transparency. Company grants to Google the
right, should Google elect to do so, to display to any User that is part of
Company's User Lists that the User is on at least one of Company's User Lists,
along with displaying Company's domain or display name.
In Ads Notice Labeling. Google may also, should
Google elect to do so or should Customer request Google to do so, label
advertisements served based on User Lists with notices or overlays intended to
advise Users that the advertisements are based on User Lists, and Company may
not modify or obscure these labels.
Conflicts. If Company is using third-party ad
serving in order to serve Interest-Based Advertisements, then Company needs to
comply with both the Third-Party Ad Serving Policy and this Interest Based Advertising
Policy. To the extent there is any conflict between this Interest Based
Advertising Policy and the Third-Party Ad Serving Policy then Company needs to
comply with the version of the conflicting provision in this Interest Based
Advertising Policy.
About Us
Our Mission
What We Stand For
My Account
View Cart
Sign-In
Order Status
Products
Category Index
Product Index
Helpful Info
Shipping And Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Questions?
Contact Us!
Copyright ©
AFMO, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Built with Volusion