https://www.ogormans.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Menu
Audio & VideoAudio Products
Jukeboxes
Hi Fi Systems & Micros
Portable Speakers
Portable CD Radio Cassette
Radios
Record Players
TV & Entertainment
Blu-Ray & DVD Players
PVR Recorders
Soundbars
Television
Telephones
Kitchen ApplianceCookers
Electric Cookers
Gas Cookers
Dual Fuel Cookers
Range Cookers
Microwave Ovens
Splash Backs
Laundry Appliances
Washing Machines
Washer Dryers
Tumble Dryers Oxfordshire
Rotary Ironer & Steam Stations
Refrigeration
Refrigerators
Freezers
Fridge Freezers
American Fridge Freezers
Appliance
Cheap Kitchen Appliances
Dishwashers
Cookware
ALL Kitchen Appliance
Small ApplianceFood Preparation
Blenders
Hand Blenders
Stand Mixers
Hand Blenders
Kettles & Toasters
Kettles
Toasters
Table Top Cooking
Microwave Ovens
Table Top Ovens
Table Top Hobs
Small Cooking Appliance
Coffee
Coffee Machines
Coffee Grinders
Irons
Steam Irons
Steam Stations
Rotary Ironers
Built In AppliancesOvens
Compact Ovens
Single Ovens
Double ovens
Microwave Ovens
Coffee Machines
Integrated Coffee Makers
Hobs
Induction Hobs
Ceramic Hobs
Sealed Plate Hobs
Gas Hobs
Cooker Hoods
Angled Chimney Hoods
Ceiling Mounted Hoods
Downdraft Hoods
Integrated Hoods
Pendant Hoods
Wall mounted hoods
Laundry Appliances
Washing Machines
Washer Dryers
Dishwashers
Semi Integrated Dishwashers
Fully Integrated Dishwashers
Refrigeration
Built in Refrigerators
Built in Freezers
Built in Fridge Freezers
Wine Coolers
Accessories
Cooker Hood Filters
Floor CareCylinder Cleaners
Cylinder Vacuums
Vacuum Bags
Upright Cleaners
Upright Vacuums
Vacuum Bags
Stick Cleaners
Stick Vacuums
Hand Held Cleaners
Handheld Vacuums
Heating & coolingElectric Fires
Dimplex Electric Fires
Solid Fuel Fires
Solid Fuel Fires
Heaters
Radiator & Convectors
Fan Heaters
Outdoor Heaters
Cooling
Cooling Fans
Humidifiers
Dehumidifiers
Brands
A
Aeg
Amica
B
Beko
Belling
Bexel
Blomberg
Bosch
C
Candy
C
Caple
Creda
D
Delonghi
Dimplex
Dualit
Dyson
E
Electrolux
Elica
F
Falcon
Fisher & Paykel
Flavel
Fridgemaster
Frigidaire
G
Gorenje
GRAEF
H
Haden
HiSense
Hoover
Hotpoint
Humax
I
Ice King
Igenix
Indesit
iRobot
J
Judge
K
KitchenAid
L
LEC
Leisure
LG
Liebherr
Linsar
M
Matrix
Miele
Mitchell & Brown
Morphy Richards
N
Neff
Newworld
Numatic
P
P
Panasonic
PURE
Q
Quooker
R
Rangemaster
Roberts
R
Roidmi
Rowlett
Russel Hobbs
S
Samsung
Sebo
Shadow
Shark
Sharp
Siemens
Simfer
Smart
Smeg
Sony
Stanley
Steepletone
Stellar
Stoves
V
Valor
VQ View Quest
W
Whirlpool
White Knight
Z
Zanussi
Zenith
Account
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Shipping And Handling
Very Important - Please inspect all goods on delivery before signing the delivery note. If this is not possible please write Un Checked on the delivery note. In the event of an item being damaged in transit please refuse it then call us on (01865) 372113 or 01869 246617 and we will arrange a replacement. We can not accept responsibility for any damage that is not reported to us within 24 hours of receipt of goods. When you sign the delivery note you are signing to say you have received the goods in good condition. You agree that proof of delivery supplied by our delivery company is sufficient evidence to establish that goods have been delivered
Delivery Schedule Small Appliances - Any order placed on this site before 1.00pm Mon-Fri will be dispatched the same day, if you place your order on a Saturday or Sunday it will be dispatched on Monday. UK mainland orders are dispatched on a next day service. In the unlikely event that we are out of stock of your chosen appliance you will be contacted immediately and given the option to cancel your order or have it put on back order with an estimated delivery date. Nothing will be charged to your card until the goods are ready for dispatch.
Domestic Appliances - All large domestic appliances come direct from the manufacture and typically take 2 - 6 working days (excl. American Appliances & Range Cookers which take between 10 - 21 days depending on the make). You will be notified by telephone of the delivery day on receipt of your order. In the unlikely eventthat a product can not be delivered within the specified delivery times you will be given the option to cancel the order or put the item on back order. If you instruct us to put domestic appliances on back order your credit card will be charged the full cost of the goods. However we will give a full refund anytime up to the day before the goods are due to be delivered. Please note that delivery times may be affected by seasonal demand, at such times we will notify you by telephone of any
Free Delivery- We offer Free delivery to Oxfordshire & North Buckinghamshire on all Domestic Appliances. However depending on the make of the product you order this may also apply to the rest of England and Wales, the delvery aera will clearly be Indicated above the price. We offer Free Delivery to England and Wales on all small appliances. We do not deliver to Scotland & Off Shore Islands. Any Delivery Charges are clearly indicated on the order page. (Free Delivery is Subject to Site Conditions )
Installation - We offer an optional installation service for most makes of domestic appliance. Please note that our Gas Safe fitters can only connect gas appliances to a standard gas bayonet fitting within 1m of the appliance. Duel fuel cooker require both a Gas bayonet fitting and 30amp Electric cooker socket within 1m of the appliance. IMPORTANT - Gas and Dual fuel connection can not be refunded once the Gas Safe engineer as visited your home, therefore please ensure you have a gas bayonet fitting as described above. Wet appliances (washing machines dishwashers) require a standard cold water feed, drain outlet and 13amp plug socket within 1m of the appliance. American Fridge Freezers with Ice & water also require a cold water feed within a meter of where the appliance will be situated
PLEASE NOTE. We do not deliver to Northern Ireland or Offshore Islands.
Appliance Recycling?  Unwanted electrical equipment is the UKs fastest growing type of waste. Many electrical items can be repaired or recycled, saving natural resources and the environment. If you do not recycle, electrical equipment will end up in landfill where hazardous substances will leak out and cause soil and water contamination - harming wildlife and also human health. We are pleased to offer our customers the chance to recycle their old electrical items. To remind you that old electrical equipment can be recycled, it is now marked with a crossed-out wheeled bin symbol. Please do not throw any electrical equipment (including those marked with the crossed out wheeled bin symbol) in your bin.
RETURNS POLICY
NON FAULTY RETURNS (EU Distance Selling Directive.)If you wish to cancel your contract once the product has been dispatched, you can return it for a credit or refund. You must notify us within 14 working days of delivery by email to sales@ogormans.co.uk and we will issue a Returns Authorisation Number. All 'no fault returns' must be returned at the customers own cost.The products must be in their original packaging, as new and unused, and they must include all the manuals and accessories. All sealed items must remain sealed - we reserve the right to charge you if, on return, items are judged to be unsellable. If items are received into ourselves damaged (caused through transit) we will aim to report this to you within 2 working days of delivery, Goods received 'as new' but incomplete with missing components and accessories will be charged to you. We offer a collection service for large bulky items such as Range Cookers & American Refrigeration which can be collected at a cost of £170 providing they are in their original packaging. This cancellation policy does not affect your rights when we are at fault - for example, if goods are faulty or misdescribed. Refunds are processed on a weekly basis.FAULTY RETURNSIf a product does not work when it is first taken out of the box it will be classed as faulty. Please email sales@ogormans.co.uk or phone 01869 246617 as soon as the fault becomes apparent. The goods can either be returned directly from yourselves or we can organise a collection from your home or work address. Free Collections only apply to goods that have developed a fault within 6 months from the date of purchase. When the fault has been confirmed by our engineer you will be offered:1) A replacement - shipped to you at our expense.2) A repair – dependent on the nature of the fault3) A full refund - once the item is verified faulty by either our Service Engineer or the manufacturer.PLEASE NOTE - that If a product, having been examined by our engineer or the manufacturer is not deemed to be faulty the goods will be return to you at your expense plus the collection cost. To avoid unnecessary returns it is always best to contact the Manufacturers Helpline or ourselves to rule out user error. Please note we will not pay your postage if you return the item without first contacting us and we will not pay for the postage of items that are returned with no fault. If in doubt please contact us for advice on 01869 246617. All items returned must be sufficiently packaged. We can not be held liable for transit damage caused by a 3rd party courier. As mentioned above the collection of faulty items is FREE unless you are out on the pre arranged collection day. We  are happy to collect faulty items from your work address or a neighbour These terms apply to your order. We may change our terms and conditions at any time, so please do not assume that the same terms will apply in the future.
None of these terms affect your legal rights and these are not diminished in any way. If any term is held to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, that term is automatically omitted from the terms to minimum extent necessary to comply with the law and without affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder.
Guarantee
All products we sell are covered by a minimum one year Manufacturers Guarantee. Some Manufacturers offer promotional guarantees up to 10 years. This will normally be indicated on the product page. If in doubt please contact us for clarification. All guarantees are in addition to and do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer. Please not that Guarantees do not cover consumables like Batteries, Vacuum Bags, Light Bulbs etc.
Privacy Policy
O'Gormans do not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.
Cookies are used on this shopping site where they are strictly necessary for the site functionality. They are used to aid navigation, and to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart. If you log in to an account, your logged-in status is recorded in a temporary cookie. If you select the 'Remember Me' Option in the checkout, a cookie will be used to remember your details. You can turn off cookies by blocking them in your browser Privacy settings. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use them.
Data collected by this site is used to: a. Take and fulfil customer orders. b. Administer and enhance the site and service. c. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes.
Credit Card Sercurity
All online payments are processed by SagePay. Sage Pay is compliant to the highest level - PCI DSS level 1 (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards). We do not see your card details. When you purchase goods from us your payment is held by sagepay until we release the payment. Please note that if you give the incorrect card address your payment may be declined.
Pricing
We make every effort to ensure our prices are correct, but occasionally we make a mistake (were only human). Under such circumstances we reserve the right to cancel your order and abort the payment. Neither submitting an electronic order form or completing the checkout process constitutes our acceptance of your order." When you place an order your money is reserved by sage pay if the order is aborted because of a pricing error no money is taken from your card and nothing will ever appear on your statement. In such circumstance we will notify you by email as soon as possible.
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit
Sale Hotline
0845 3303 655