http://www.remybattery.com/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy - Remy Battery
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
Skip to Content
Frequently Asked Questions
Sign In
Create an AccountToggle Nav
My Cart
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Compare Products
Menu
BATTERIES
BRAND
Battery Tender
Deka Intimidator Popular
Enersys Cylcon
Fillriver Batteries
K2 Energy
NorthStar Batteries
Optima Batteries
Power Sonic Batteries
Remy Battery
VIEW ALL...
CHEMISTRY
AGM Batteries
Alkaline Batteries
Gel Cell Batteries
LiFePO4 Batteries
Lithium Non-Rechargeable
Sealed Lead Acid Batteries
VIEW ALL...
DEVICE
Dog Collar
Door Lock
Emergency Lighting
Flashlight
Mobile Hotspot
Power Wheels
Power Tool
Programmable Logic Controller
Two Way Radio
VIEW ALL...
VEHICLE
All Terrain Vehicle (ATV) Batteries
Boat & Marine Batteries
Car & Truck Batteries
Farm & Tractor
Floor Machine Batteries
Golf Cart Batteries
Motorcycle Batteries Popular
Recreational Vehicle Batteries
Scooter Batteries
Snowmobile Batteries
Wheelchair Batteries
UTV Batteries
VIEW ALL...
BOXES & TRAYS
Battery Boxes
Battery Hold Downs
Battery Trays
Hardware & Accessories
CABLE & CONNECTORS
Adapters & Hardware
Battery Switches
Cable & Wire
Circuit Protection
Connectors
Connector Kits
Jumper Cables
Jumper Clamps
Power Distribution
Premade Cables
Shrink Tubing
Terminal Protectors
Professional Tools. Crimpers, Cutters and more!
Find professional grade crimping tools for the best possible connection. Browse our selection of professional cable and wire cutting tools.CHARGERS
Associated Equip.
AutoMeter
Battery Tender
Delta-Q
EZ Red
Power Wheels
Pro Charging Systems
ProMariner
Schauer
View All Battery Chargers
JUMPER PACKS
Associated Equipment
Battery Tender
NOCO
RESCUE
Schumacher
INVERTERS
Battery Tender
ProMariner
Schumacher
THOR
SOLAR & STAND-BY
Portable Power Systems
Solar Chargers
TESTERS
Auto MeterBattery Testers
HydrometerBattery Testers
MidtronicsBattery Testers
TOOLS & MAINT.
About Us
Blog
Brands We Trust
Clearance / Sale
Contact Us
Government Sales
GSA Schedule
Locations
Made in The USA
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Scope
This Privacy Policy identifies and describes the way we use and protect the information we collect from customers and registered users.  When you provide Personal Information to Remy Battery or to our service providers by phone, by email or on our website, you are consenting to the manner in which Remy Battery will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your Personal Information.
Definitions
"Personal Information" is information that directly identifies or reasonably can be used to identify an individual customer or registered user. Examples include name, address, telephone number, email address, Social Security number, and financial account number. "Anonymous Information" means information that does not directly identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual customer or registered user.
"Aggregate Information" means information about groups or categories of customers or registered users, which does not identify an individual customer or registered user. Aggregate Information is a kind of Anonymous Information. "website" means any page or location on the Internet, no matter what device (cell phone, laptop, PC, etc.) or protocol (http, WAP, FTP or other) is used to access the page or location. In this Policy, we use the term “website” and other similar terms such as "internet site," "site" and "web page."
About the Information We Collect
We collect different types of personal and other information based on your use of our website and our business relationship with you. Some examples include:
Contact Information that allows us to communicate with you -- including your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address
Billing information related to your financial relationship with us -- including your payment data, credit history, credit card number,  security codes, and service history
Remy Battery website usage, viewing and other technical information related to your use of our website, products or services.
We collect information in these primary ways:
You give it to us when you purchase, order, exchange or interact with us about a product or service we offer or provide;
You provide it to us when registering or using our website;
We collect it automatically when you visit our website
You contact a Remy Battery call center or customer service desk
We obtain it from other sources, such as from credit agencies or our service providers.
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways, including to:
Provide you with the best customer experience possible
Provide the goods and services you purchase, and to respond to your questions
Communicate with you regarding service updates, offers, and promotions
Address network integrity and security issues
Investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities or violations of our Terms of Use.
Online Activity Tracking and Advertising
We collect information about your activity on the Remy Battery website for a number of purposes using technologies such as cookies and server log files.
Information Sharing
Remy Battery may share your Personal Information:
within and among our affiliated companies to make sure your experience is as seamless as possible, and to make sure you have the full benefit of what Remy Battery  has to offer.
with third party companies with third party companies that perform services on our behalf, and only as necessary for them to provide those services to you. We require that such companies do not use Personal Information for any other purpose (including marketing their own products and services to you) unless they receive your prior consent. We require third party companies to protect any Personal Information they may receive in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.
with third party collection agencies, credit bureaus and service providers in the event your account is delinquent.
as Aggregate or Anonymous Information in various formats with third parties for research purposes.
Our Online Privacy Policy for Children
Our Website is not designed to attract children under the age of 13.  Remy Battery does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13. If Remy Battery learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us at sales@remybattery.com or by calling 1-800-455-7400.
Safeguarding Your Information:
Our Policy on Data Protection and Security
We do not sell your Personal Information to anyone for any purpose.
We maintain information about you in our business records while you are a customer, or until it is no longer needed for business, tax, or legal purposes.
We have implemented encryption or other appropriate security controls to protect Personal Information when stored or transmitted by Remy Battery
We require third parties acting on our behalf to protect any Personal Information they may receive in a manner consistent with this Policy.
Website Links.  Our website may contain links to social networking websites and other third party websites (e.g., Google, Facebook, Yahoo, etc.).  Your use of these links is not subject to our Privacy Policy and you should review the privacy policies of these website operators to learn how your Personal Information is protected.
Customer Privacy Controls and Choices
You can contact us at sales@remybattery.com or 1-800-455-7400 during normal business hours to make the following changes:
You can review and correct any of your Personal Information collected by Remy Battery.
You can limit certain types of solicitation communications from Remy Battery, including marketing contacts made via telephone, e-mail and text messaging.
You may terminate your status as a registered user.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy.  Any such changes will be effective the date it is posted on our website.  Please check our website often to review changes to this Privacy Policy. Visit our Privacy Policy FAQ for more information.
Remy Battery Privacy Policy FAQ
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE SCOPE OF THIS POLICY
What Remy Battery companies are subject to this Privacy Policy?
All direct and indirect subsidiaries of Remy Battery that collect, use or have access to information about our customers or registered users are subject to this Privacy Policy.
Does this Policy apply to other users under my account with Remy Battery?
Yes. This Policy applies to anyone using your account. As a customer holding an account with Remy Battery you are responsible for making sure all other users under the same account understand and agree to this Policy.
When is information not covered by this Policy?
Information that you provide to third parties is not covered by this Policy. For example, if you use public forums — such as social networking services, Internet bulletin boards, chat rooms, or blogs on Remy Battery or third party websites — you should be aware that any Personal Information you disclose publicly can be read, collected, or used by others. Once you choose to reveal Personal Information on such a site, the information may be publicly available, and Remy Battery does not have the ability to prevent distribution and use of that information by other parties.
Can my information be subject to more than one privacy policy?
Yes. For example, when Remy Battery jointly provides a service with a third party, your Personal Information may be subject to both this Policy and the privacy policy of the third party. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third parties with whom you do business to determine what information will be collected and how it will be used or disclosed to others.
QUESTIONS ABOUT THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
What information do we collect?
We collect different types of personal and non-personal information based on your use of our products and services and on our business relationship with you. Some examples include:
Account information we obtain as a result of your business relationship with us.
Contact information that allows us to communicate with you, including your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. Remy Battery obtains your contact information when you order or register for our services.
Billing information related to your financial relationship with us, such as the services you buy, the payments you make, your credit history, your credit card number, security codes, and your service history.
Information You Provide to us: We collect information from you when you purchase a service from us or when you interact with us about a product or service we offer or provide. For example, you provide us with Contact Information, and Billing Information (such as credit information) when you order a service or establish an account with us.
Information from other Sources: We may obtain information about you from outside sources. For example, we may request credit information about you from credit agencies for the purpose of initiating service to you, obtain commercially available demographic and marketing information about you from third parties, or purchase e-mail lists from third parties for advertising and marketing purposes.
How do we use the information we collect?
We use information we collect in a variety of ways. For example, we may use some or all of the information we collect as appropriate for the following purposes:
to initiate, provide and manage the goods and services you purchase, and to respond to your questions or problems
to develop, market, sell, bill and collect for our products and services
to communicate with you regarding service updates as well as offers and promotions for features and services
to address network integrity, quality control, capacity, misuse, viruses, and security issues, as well as for network planning, engineering and technical troubleshooting purposes
to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or other conditions or restrictions.
QUESTIONS ABOUT ONLINE ACTIVITY TRACKING
Do we collect information about your activity on our websites?
Yes. We use the information we gather for such purposes as improving your online experience and enhancing the capabilities of our sites and networks.
What are cookies, and server log files, and how do you use them?
"Cookies" are small data files placed on your computer by the websites you visit and can be used to help recognize you as a user of that site when you return, or when you visit other sites.  A web "server log" is a record of activity created by the computer (called a "server") that delivers the web pages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the web page. The web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server.
Using these and similar tools, our websites collect data about your activity, such as data about the type of browser and operating system you use, which of our web pages you view, the time and duration of your visits to our Internet sites, the search queries you enter on our sites, and whether you clicked on an advertisement while on our site.
In general, we use this information as follows:
Site functionality: We use cookies and other tracking tools to help us analyze, manage and improve our websites. We also use these tools to manage your online ordering activity, to store your preferences and personalize your experience on our websites.
Advertising: We and our advertising partners may use information gathered through cookies and other similar technologies, as well as other information we or they may have, to help tailor the ads you see on our site and to help make decisions about the ads you see on other sites. For example, if you visit a Remy Battery website, you may later see a related ad from us on a website you visit.
You can configure most standard Web browsers to alert you when a website is attempting to send a cookie to your computer and to allow you to accept or refuse the cookie. You also can set most standard browsers to disable the capacity to receive cookies, and to delete cookies you previously have accepted. Please note that some Web pages (including some Remy Battery web pages) may not work correctly if you have cookies disabled. More information about deleting and controlling cookies is available at www.AboutCookies.org.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
QUESTIONS ABOUT DATA PROTECTION AND SECURITY
Do we sell your Personal Information?
No. We do not sell your Personal Information to anyone, for any purpose.
What safeguards does Remy Battery have in place?
We have implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your Personal Information. For example:
We maintain and protect the security of computer storage and network equipment, and our security procedures require user names and passwords to access sensitive data
We have implemented encryption or other appropriate security controls to protect Personal Information when stored or transmitted by Remy Battery
We require caller/online authentication before providing Account Information so that only you or someone who knows your Account Information will be able to access or change the information.
Will you notify me in case of a security breach?
Although we strive to keep your Personal Information secure, no security measures are absolute, and we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Policy (for example, as the result of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate the law or this Policy). We will make reasonable attempts to notify you if we determine that Remy Battery has experienced a security breach and there is a reasonably likely risk of identity theft, or where otherwise required by law.
QUESTIONS ABOUT CUSTOMER CONTROL
Can I review and correct my Personal Information?
Yes. Remy Battery  honors requests from customers to review their Personal Information maintained in reasonably retrievable form, and we are happy to correct information found to be inaccurate. Customers may verify that appropriate corrections have been made. Please contact us for assistance.
How can I limit your sales efforts?
We have established policies and practices to meet the expectations of customers and potential customers who have expressed a desire to limit certain types of solicitation communications from Remy Battery, including marketing contacts made via telephone, e-mail and text messaging.  For example, we periodically send customers and potential customers news and updates via e-mail or text message regarding Remy Battery services, products and special promotions. Marketing e-mails that we send contain instructions and an online link that will allow you to stop additional Remy Battery marketing e-mails for that product or service type.
You can request to be removed from our telemarketing lists for consumer services and products by contacting us at sales @remybattery.com or by calling us at 1-800-455-7400 Monday through Friday 8am to 5pm Central Time. You also can request to be removed from these telemarketing lists when you receive a Remy Battery marketing or promotional call.
To limit postal mail solicitations, contact us at 1-800-455-7400. With this limitation you will continue to receive billing statements, legal notices, product updates and other similar correspondence, and you may still receive some promotional mailings.
What can I do if I receive unwanted e-mails?
Remy Battery tries to detect and prevent junk e-mails (also referred to as spam e-mails) from ever reaching your computer. However, if you are receiving unwanted spam from a Remy Battery e-mail address, please contact us for assistance.
What can I do to protect my passwords and Account Information?
When selecting user names and passwords for Remy Battery accounts, you should choose words or characters that are not obvious. Likewise, you should always keep Personal Information such as account numbers, user names, passwords or similar information in a secure place and not share the information with others.
Get a Quote for
Customer Name
Customer Email
Phone Number
Comment
Submit
Account
My Account
Orders & Returns
Addresses
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Terms & Conditions
Compare Products
Remove This Item
Compare
Clear All
You have no items to compare.
My Wish List
Last Added Items
Add to Cart
Add to Cart
Remove This Item
Go to Wish List
You have no items in your wish list.
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
Follow
INFORMATIONAbout Us
Brands We Trust
Contact Us
Government Sales
GSA Schedule
Our Stores
Wholesale Account
THE FINE PRINTTerms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
MY ACCOUNTMy Account
My Orders
My Wishlist
My Addresses
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Subscribe to receive news, special offers, product updates and more.Subscribe
Copyright © 2019 Remy Battery. All rights reserved.Careers