http://www.newtronic.co.uk/privacy
HomeLumenitionNewtronicMicro DynamicsAll ProductsFAQsAbout UsContact Us
Website Privacy Policy
This privacy policy states how Autocar Electrical Equipment Co. Ltd collects, uses and protects personal information entered on ww.autocar-electrical.co.uk, www.autocar-electrical.com, www.lumenition.com and www.newtronics.co.uk websites. All privacy policy changes and updates to this document are available on the website privacy policy page of each website.
When do we collect information?
We collect information when you register, place an order, fill out a form, provide us with feedback on our products or services or enter other information on our site. All Users may visit our site anonymously.
When do we not collect information?
We do not track site activity or allow third-party behavioural tracking We do not plant cookies on your computer. We do not support third-party advertising in any form.
What personal information do we collect on our website?
When ordering or registering on our site we collect your name, email address, postal/invoice address, phone number and other details related to your enquiry or purchase. Payment card information is not collected by us but is sent to a third party payment gateway
If an account is set up for you any personal information it contains can be edited by logging into your account.
How do we use your information?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise notify outside parties of your personal information.
We only use information we collect from you when registering an account, making a purchase, subscribing to a newsletter, responding to a survey or marketing communication or using certain other site features to process your orders and service requests or collect ratings and reviews of our services and products.
If you subscribe to an email newsletter you may email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. and request to unsubscribe at any time and your details will be removed from the subscription list.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise notify outside parties of your personal information.
How do we protect your information?
To make your visit to our website as safe as possible the site is scanned on a regular basis for security vulnerabilities.
Any personal information you enter is held in a secure network only accessible by a limited number of people who need to access the information to handle your enquiry or order and who are required to keep the information confidential. In addition all sensitive information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit or access any information on our site. All order payments are processed through a gateway provider with no personal information stored or processed on our servers.
'Cookies'
We do not use cookies for tracking purposes. Through your internet browser settings you may choose to have your browser warn you when a cookie is sent from any website or decline to accept all cookies. If you decline all cookies some webpage features might be disabled or not function properly. You will still be able to contact us and place orders.
For United States customers: California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
CalOPPA require commercial websites which collect Personally Identifiable Information (PII) from California consumers to post a privacy policy stating the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. this privacy policy can be accessed from our home page under the link “Privacy Policy”. More information on this issue can be found at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
In addition in accordance with United States Fair Information Practices we will notify you by email within 7 business days of us becoming aware of there being a breach of the confidentially of your personal data.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy email us at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. or write to Autocar Electrical Equipment Co. Ltd, 49-51 Tiverton Street, London, SE1 6NZ, United Kingdom.
Download Privacy Policy PDF
Copyright © 2016 Autocar Electrical Equipment Co. Ltd
-
All Rights Reserved.