http://www.cobra.com/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Registration and Updates
Product Support
Service
Your Order
Terms & Conditions
International Sales & Support
Registration and Updates
Product Support
Service
Your Order
Terms & Conditions
International Sales & Support
Price Match Promise
Payment Options
Financing
ID.me
Terms and Conditions
Promotions
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
ORDERING ONLINE
Web orders will normally ship the next business day if received by us before 2pm Eastern Time. Orders do not ship on weekends or most holidays. All standard deliveries are Monday-Friday only. Saturday delivery can be requested for an additional shipping fee in certain areas of the country by calling Sales at 773-889-3087. Certain orders may require additional days to process prior to shipping. Holidays may also impact processing and shipping time frame. If you need expedited delivery, we recommend you call Sales. You will receive an email message once your order has been received by the shipping carrier.
Ordering Online with us is safe and secure!
We employ a method of interaction with our visitors that does not compromise credit card information. This online system is 100% secure.
A note about the Fair Credit Billing Act. Under this act, your bank limits your total loss and cannot hold you liable for more than fifty dollars of reported fraudulent charges. In the event your card is used in a fraudulent manner, you must notify your bank or card issuer immediately and in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
The charge on your billing statement will appear as Cobra.com a Cedar Electronics Holdings Corp Company.
We encourage you to feel comfortable using your credit card to conduct commerce on our site. If you would rather place your order by phone, you may call us at 773-889-3087.
RETURN / REFUND POLICY
If you have questions about an order that you have already placed, or about a product that you already own, please call our Customer Service Department, M-F 8am-5:30pm CST, at 773-889-3087.
All of our products purchased factory direct come with a 30 day money-back guarantee. If you're not absolutely delighted with your purchase, we'll take it back, no questions asked. You pay only the shipping. Just call the our Customer Service Department toll free at 773-889-3087, M-F 8am-5:30pm CST for return authorization. Custom installed systems may not be returned if the package has been opened.*Initial shipping fees are not refundable.
SHIPPING INFORMATION
We ship only to U.S. addresses.
We need a physical address for shipping. Sorry, no P.O. Boxes or APO/FPO addresses.
Shipping charges are calculated on a per-product basis. Please make note of the shipping charges associated with each item.
For your protection, some orders shipped via UPS may require a signature for delivery.
SERVICES AND CONDITIONS OF USE
As part of our service, we agree to provide you with information and other services that we may decide to offer, subject to the terms of this agreement. Upon notice published through the service, we may modify this agreement at any time. You agree and continue to agree to use our services in a manner consistent with all applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the terms and conditions set out in the policies and guidelines outlined below. Please note that you will be referred to as 'customer' in this agreement.
RULES FOR ONLINE CONDUCT
By using the service, you agree that you will not attempt to undermine the integrity of this web site.
PROMOTIONS
$30 Off CPP15000.Disclaimer: $30 discount.  Price under this discount $119.95 based on original price of $149.95.  Cannot be combined with other promos, discounts, or sales. No discount code required.
Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST December 7th, 2020 and 11:59 EST December 13th, 2020 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
$10 OFF 29 LTD.Disclaimer: $10 discount.  Price under this discount $109.95 based on original price of $119.95.  Cannot be combined with other promos, discounts, or sales. No discount code required.
Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST December 7th, 2020 and 11:59 EST December 13th, 2020 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
$80 Off DASH 2216D.Disclaimer: $80 discount.  Price under this discount $119.95 based on original price of $199.95.  Cannot be combined with other promos, discounts, or sales. No discount code required.
Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST December 7th, 2020 and 11:59 EST December 13th, 2020 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
$30 Off Road Scout.Disclaimer: $30 discount.  Price under this discount $419.95 based on original price of $449.95.  Cannot be combined with other promos, discounts, or sales. No discount code required.
Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST December 7th, 2020 and 11:59 EST December 13th, 2020 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
$50 Off DualPro 360 and M1 Dash Cam Bundle.Disclaimer: $50 discount.  Price under this discount $599.90 based on original price of $649.90.  Cannot be combined with other promos, discounts, or sales. Ener discount code DUALPROM1 at checkout to redeem savings.
Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST December 7th, 2020 and 11:59 EST December 13th, 2020 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
Join Cobra Nation today and get $20 off your next order. Disclaimer: $20 discount, applies only to orders of $120 and up. Excludes Cobra Elite Series, SC Dash Series and Power Inverter PRO, POWER and PURESINE series. Discount code provided in email after signup
Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST January 1st, 2020 and 11:59 EST December 31st, 2020 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
Abandoned cart program: $10 off on orders of $120 and aboveDisclaimer: $10 off, no additional discounts. Promo code provided in email or pop up. Excludes Cobra Elite Series. Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST January 1st, 2019 and 11:59 EST December 31st, 2019 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
Abandoned cart program: $10 off on orders of $120 and aboveDisclaimer: $10 off, no additional discounts. Promo code provided in email or pop up. Excludes Cobra Elite Series. Offer excludes all other Cobra products, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST January 1st, 2019 and 11:59 EST December 31st, 2019 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
Product Registration: 15% off your next purchase from Cobra.comDisclaimer: 15% off, no additional discounts. Promo code provided in email. Excludes Cobra Elite Series.
Offer excludes Cobra Elite Series, software and subscriptions. Does not apply, and may not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST January 1st, 2019 and 11:59 EST December 31st, 2019 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify this promotion at any time without notice.
Affiliate codes May not be used, in conjunction with any other offers, sales, rebates, coupons, or promotions. Excludes Cobra Elite Series. Offer valid only on purchases made between 12:01am EST January 1st, 2019 and 11:59 EST December 31st, 2019 by residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia who select shipping to an address within the 50 United States or in the District of Columbia. This promotion is for end-user customers only and does not apply to purchases by distributors, resellers, retailers or other parties. Only applicable to purchases made on cobra.com or phone orders from our factory warehouse. Cobra reserves the right to withdraw, amend or otherwise modify these promotions at any time without notice.
Business Program
Cobra Business Program is designed for Organizations, Businesses and Professional Drivers that purchase Cobra Brand Products in bulk.  This program is designated for end user consumption only, and cannot be used for resale in-store or online.   Cobra Business Program pricing cannot be combined with any coupons, discounts or outlet products.  Accessories and Replacement Parts do not qualify for Cobra Business Program discounts.  To participate in this program all parties must complete the online Cobra Business Program form and accept the applicable Terms and Conditions.  All orders will be conducted over the phone and will require credit card payment.
Cobra Marine Mail-In Rebate
Purchase: MRHH600FLTGPSBT or MRHH600WFLTGPSBT to   receive $25 rebate, MR HH450 CAMO, MR HH450 DUAL  or MR HH500 FLT BT to receive $20 or MR HH350 FLT   or MR HH350W FLT to receive $15 rebate between   04/30/20 and 10/31/20.
Offer only good on models listed above and purchased through cobra.com and all authorized retailers in the US (new product only).
Mail-in rebate promotion is available through October 31, 2020. Last postmark date must be dated on or prior to November 30, 2020. Your request must be postmarked within 30 days of purchase. We are not responsible for lost or misdirected mail.  Limit 1 rebate per product, per person, household, family or address.  Rebates will be processed in the order they are received.
This offer cannot be combined with any other offer. Valid only for residents of U.S.. Requests with invalid or undeliverable mailing address will be rejected. Offer limited to end-users only. Requests for multiple rebates from groups, clubs, or organizations will not be honored.
Your rebate rights cannot be assigned or transferred, and this offer is void where taxed, restricted or prohibited by law. Keep copies of all materials submitted; originals will not be returned. Warning: Fraudulent submission could result in federal prosecution under mail fraud statutes (Title 18, USC Sections 1341 & 1342).
Rebate checks will be mailed in approximately 8-10 weeks. If you have not received your check within 12 weeks, call the Customer Service Number: 800-953-3098 or visit the Customer Service Website: http://www.status-now.com.
Professional Driver Mail-In Rebate
Purchase: 29 LTD Chrome to receive $25 rebate, DASH2316D or RAD 450 to receive $20 rebate, 29 LX to receive $15 rebate, or 29 LTD Classic or HG M77 to receive $10 rebate, between 09/01/20 and 11/02/20. Offer only good on purchase of models listed above through Loves, Independents, PFJ participating stores in US and Canada only and Cobra.com (new product only).
Your request must be postmarked within 30 days of purchase. We are not responsible for lost or misdirected mail. Limit 1 rebate per product, per person, household, family or address.
This offer cannot be combined with any other offer. Valid only for residents of U.S., U.S. territories and Canada. Requests with invalid or undeliverable mailing address will be rejected. Offer limited to end-users only. Requests for multiple rebates from groups, clubs, or organizations will not be honored.
Your rebate rights cannot be assigned or transferred, and this offer is void where taxed, restricted or prohibited by law. Keep copies of all materials submitted: originals will not be returned. Warning: Fraudulent submission could result in federal prosecution under mail fraud statutes (Title 18, USC Sections 1341 & 1342).
Rebate checks will be mailed in approx. 8-10 weeks. If you have not received your check within 12 weeks, call Customer Service Number: 800-953-3098 or visit the Customer Service Website: http://www.status-now.com.
Invalid Password
Get up-to-date news and notifications for Cobra exclusive deals.
Join The Cobra Nation
Get up-to-date news and notifications for Cobra exclusive deals.