http://www.sturbridgeyankee.com/content--name-privacy-policy
Accessibility
skip to main content
COVID-19 IMPACT: We are working to ship your order as soon as possible | LEARN MORE
SAVE UP TO 70% IN CLEARANCE OUTLET, BROWSE NOW!
CALL US 1.800.343.1144
ACCOUNT
ONLINE CATALOG
REQUEST CATALOG
NEW PRODUCTS
MADE IN THE USA
0
Mobile Menu
Privacy Policy
Sturbridge Yankee Workshop is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information. This Privacy Policy covers data, including personal information, we may collect from you when you visit our website, respond to our emails, place orders via mail, fax or telephone. By using our Services, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Learn More About
What information of yours is collected by us
How we use the information we collect
Your rights with respect to the information we collect
How you can opt-out of receiving communications from us
The security of your information
How to contact us with any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy
California Privacy Rights
This policy may be updated from time to time without prior notice, so please check back periodically. If you continue to use our Services after such changes have been made, you hereby provide your consent to the changes.
Information We Collect About You And How We Collect It
You may provide your personal information to us when you contact us by phone, email, via our website or any other way in order to use our Services to search within or place orders through our services, contact us with inquiries, respond to surveys, participate in one of our promotional contests or otherwise access our services. This information may include:
Identifying Information: Your name, address, telephone numbers, email address, unique personal identifier, online identifier.
Billing Information: credit card number, expiration date and billing address.
Product Information: products purchased and occasion type (Christmas, Valentine’s Day).
Message and Gift Recipients’ names, addresses, email address and other information you may provide.
Information you post: we may collect information you post in a public space on our site including our customer review and question and answer sections.
Social Media Information. We may collect information you post on our social media pages. We may also collect your social media profile information. Also, keep in mind that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online, for example, in a forum made available via social media, that information can be viewed and used by others.
Device Information. We may collect the type of device you use to access our Website. This may include your device identification number, IP address or mobile operating system.
Commercial Information. For example, we may collect information about the products or services you purchased, obtained or considered, as well as other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or other Network Activity Information. We may collect information related to your browsing history and other information regarding your interactions with our Website or advertisements.
Use of Information We Obtain
We may use the information we obtain about you to:
Provide our Services, including but not limited to the fulfillment of orders.
Improve the content of our Services and enhance your shopping experience.
Communicate with you about Services, and respond to your inquiries.
Send correspondence.
Personalize your use and interaction with our Services.
Analyze trends and statistics.
Operate, evaluate, develop, manage and improve our business.
Maintain and enhance the safety and security of our Services and prevent misuse.
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, industry standards and policies.
How We Share Your Information
We will not disclose your personal information except as described. We may share your information in the following ways:
Internally.
On Our Website. We may display information you post in our customer review or question and answer sections of our website.
With Our Service Providers. We may share your information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, this may include third party merchandise vendors, providers of order fulfillment and package delivery services for our products or payment processors. It may also include companies that send emails on our behalf, provide marketing assistance, data analysis or search results. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
For Marketing Purposes. This may include third parties whose products and services are complementary to ours and in which we believe you may be interested.
To Comply With The Law Or to Protect Ourselves. We also may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (6) otherwise with your consent.
With any Successors To All Or Part Of Our Business. We reserve the right to share or transfer any personal information we have about you in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business (including in the event of a divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
Rights With Respect to the Personal Information We Have Collected
You have the right to:
Know what personal information we have about you and request a copy of the same.
Update or change any incorrect personal information.
Ask us to stop collecting, processing and using your personal information in certain ways.
Request the portability of your personal information.
Raise concerns regarding automated decision making processes.
We may request you provide us with information to verify your identity before responding to your request. We may refuse to comply with a request if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive or repetitive in nature. We may also retain your personal information to comply with laws, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, trouble-shoot problems, assist with investigations or enforce our contracts.
If you are a California resident, please see our explanation of your right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information in the “California Privacy Rights” section.
Use of Our Services by Children
You must be 18 years or older to use, subscribe or register as a customer of Sturbridge Yankee Workshop Inc. The website is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect, maintain or disclose personal information from or about children.
Opting Out of Future Communication:
You may opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us by using the “unsubscribe” link in our emails, or by emailing us at info@sturbridgeyankee.com. To opt-out of physical mailings and telephone communications or to add your name to our do-not-promote list, you may email us at the above address or write to us at:
Sturbridge Yankee Workshop
90 Blueberry Road
Portland, ME 04102
We will be sure your name is removed from our list (and the list we may share with third parties) as soon as possible after we receive your request. Please be aware, however, that even after your request is processed, we may, for a time, retain residual information about you in backup and/or archival copies of our database.
Protection of Personal Information
We are committed to using our best efforts to maintain the security of your personal information. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the appropriate use of information, we adhere to industry standard practices and procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect. Although we use our best efforts to protect the security of your personal information and our systems, due to the inherent open nature of the internet, no transmission of data internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of this and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit to or through our services. Therefore, you assume that risk by using our services. Our Website is secured and verified by Digicert Secure Certificate Authority. We store and maintain your information for the purposes for which it is processed by us. The length of time for which we maintain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or required to comply with applicable laws.
Use of Cookies and Analytics
Cookies are small amounts of data that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive or other devices for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with our Services and to assist with marketing efforts. To support our Services, we or our service providers may use browser cookies. You have the option of disabling cookies by accessing the tools provided to you in your Internet options. However, please note that you may not have full access to our Services if you change your cookies settings to disable them.
California Privacy Rights
As described above, we collect various types of personal information about you during the course of our customer relationship. If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information. This section describes your CCPA rights and how to exercise them.
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months. Once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you:
The categories of personal information we collected about you
The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected
The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you
Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information
The purposes for which the information we collected will be used
The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information
If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose; and, if so, any categories of personal information that were sold or disclosed, and the categories of any third parties to whom personal information was sold or disclosed
If you wish to request the description of collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months, please use the following: info@sturbridgeyankee.com or call us at 1-800-231-8060
You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:
Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act
Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us
Comply with a legal obligation
If you wish to request that we remove any of your personal information that we collected from you, please use the following: info@sturbridgeyankee.com call us at 1-800-231-8060
If you wish to opt–out of the sale of personal information, please use the following:
info@sturbridgeyankee.com call us at 1-800-231-8060. If exercised, the decision to opt–out will be valid for 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale of personal information again.
Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. However, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a twelve-month period, without charge. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). If you have an account with us, we will deliver our response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt. The response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
Deny you goods or services.
Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Occasionally we may update this Privacy Policy in order to reflect any changes to the website or our privacy practices. If we make any material updates to this statement, the new statement will be posted to the website ten (10) days prior to the changes taking effect. Your continued use of the Services indicates your consent to the Privacy Policy as posted.
Sturbridge Yankee Workshop reserves the right to correct typographical errors/omissions.
©1998-2020 Sturbridge Yankee Workshop
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Email Sign Up
Order Help
Shipping Information
About Us
Request a Catalog
Accessibility
Articles & Tips
Instructions & Forms
Site Map
Shoptalk Blog
E-Gift Card
EMAIL NEWSLETTER
SOCIAL
Safe Secure Shopping
All content is © copyright , Sturbridge Yankee Workshop - Site Developed and Maintained by Ability Commerce
Loading....
Loading....