http://www.filters-now.com/page.php?area=policies&page=privacy
Filters-NOW.com Privacy Policy
Filters-NOW.com collects the following personal information when you place an order:
Name
Address
Phone number
Fax number
Email address
Credit card information
Time and date of order
Products ordered
Customer comments
Goal: The primary goal in collecting personal information is to allow Filters-NOW.com to provide superior online Customer service. Filters-NOW.com uses the Customer contact information to fill orders, provide Customers with an order confirmation, inform Customers of their order status, and to enhance the operation of the web site.
Personal Information: Filters-NOW.com does not sell, lease, rent, or otherwise distribute your personal information (including emails) to any person, party, or organization outside of the company. All of your personal information is protected through the use of a Thawte Certified SSL Web Server that offers secure communications by encrypting the data sent to and from the site and stores it into the Filters-NOW.com protected database (Please click our Safe Shopping Guarantee for further details on security).
Emails: Filters-NOW.com does not send unsolicited emails to any person, party, or organization.
Filters-NOW.com will not share your contact information with any third party source.
During the normal course of business, Filters-NOW will only send you the following two emails:
Order confirmation after placing your order.
Shipping confirmation with tracking number once the product is shipped.
The only exceptions to the two instances mentioned above are if you voluntarily sign up for one of our other services (Email Reminder Program or Automatic Reorder Program), if we need to communicate with you in regard to an order that you placed, or if we are responding to your request for answers to a question.
Cookies: To enhance your experience with our site, our Customer account system is designed to use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not contain any of your personally identifiable information. However, once you furnish us with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use the shopping cart on our site. Please make sure that your browser has cookies turned on when visiting Filters-NOW.com.
Please email us with any additional questions that you may have in regards to our privacy policy.
Close this window.