http://www.suburbanwheelcover.com/terms.asp
SHOP CATEGORIES
Used + New Hub Caps
New & Used Center Caps
Chrome & Black Wheel Skins
New Replica Hubcaps
Truck Simulators & Hubcaps
Aftermarket Center Caps
12" Hubcap Sets
Trim Rings / Beauty Rings
Hot Rod Hubcaps
Car & Truck Wheels
Chrome Grille Inserts
Center Cap Cable Locks
IPCW Tail Lights
Chrome Accessories
Spare Tire Cover
Universal Floor Mats
Translate
Testimonials
"What a great site and nice products! I found exactly what I needed at a good price. A+ Suburban! " –Martin - NY
CAPLOC Center Cap Lock Kit
"I know nothing about cars. Suburban Wheel Cover made it easy and sold me exactly what I needed. My Toyota Corolla looks good again." –Sandra - LA
450-15S Corolla Replacement Hubcaps
"I got a great deal on a set of chrome wheel skins for my GMC Terrain. I didn't spend that much money and I love the way my Terrain looks! Thank you very much." –Jason - MA
IMP-351X Wheel Skins
"Highly recommended, great customer service, a pleasure to do business with!" –Lynn - NY
Infiniti QX4 Wheel Center Cap
"Everything about this purchase was perfect, with fast shipping & just as described!" –Dale - KY
Phoenix Wheel Simulators
"Great seller! A++++ awesome paint job on Mustang Quarter Panel Scoops... Great item!" –Michael - NM Side Quarter Scoops
"As a body shop owner, I buy as much as possible from this seller. AWESOME!" –David - CO
Chevrolet Equinox Grille Insert
"Excellent overall experience! Suburban Wheel Cover prices can't be beat! Wheel covers arrived in less than a week... even though I am in Canada." –Guildo Morneau-Montreal
F150 Chrome Wheel Skins
"I highly recommend Suburban Wheel Cover. They are fast, friendly and they shipped the right centre caps for my Lincoln Mark LT truck. They are awesome!" -Mike Ontario, Canada - Chrome Mark LT Center Caps
Go!
Suburban Main Menu
Center Caps
Aftermarket Center Caps
Center Cap Cable Locks
Chrome + Black Wheel Skins
Cadillac Chrome Wheel Skins
Chevrolet Chrome Wheel Skins
Chrysler Chrome Wheel Skins
Dodge Chrome Wheel Skins
Ford Chrome Wheel Skins
GMC Chrome Wheel Skins
Honda Chrome Wheel Skins
Hyundai Chrome Wheel Skins
Jeep Chrome Wheel Skins
Kia Chrome Wheel Skins
Mazda Chrome Wheel Skins
Mercury Chrome Wheel Skins
Mitsubishi Chrome Wheel Skins
Nissan Chrome Wheel Skins
Subaru Chrome Wheel Skins
Suzuki Chrome Wheel Skins
Toyota Chrome Wheel Skins
Chrome Accessories
Chrome Pillar Post Covers
Chrome Door Handle Covers
Chrome Mirror Covers
Chrome Tail Gate Handle Covers
Chrome Grille Inserts
Cadillac Grille Inserts
Chevrolet Grille Inserts
Chrysler Grille Inserts
Dodge Grille Inserts
Ford Grille Inserts
GMC Grille Inserts
Honda Grille Inserts
Jeep Grille Inserts
Kia Grille Inserts
Nissan Grille Inserts
Toyota Grille Insert
Buick Grille Inserts
Scion Grille Inserts
Hyundai Grille Inserts
About Us
Contact Us
Policies
Returns
SWC Blog
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Suburban Wheel Cover. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Suburban Wheel Cover. Copyright 2003, Suburban Wheel Cover ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Suburban Wheel Cover or purchasing Suburban Wheel Cover products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Suburban Wheel Cover or to purchase Suburban Wheel Cover products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Suburban Wheel Cover. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of Suburban Wheel Cover used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Suburban Wheel CoverWarranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Suburban Wheel Cover disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Suburban Wheel Cover does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Suburban Wheel Cover does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilitySuburban Wheel Cover shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Suburban Wheel Cover has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a Suburban Wheel Cover product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Suburban Wheel Cover reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Suburban Wheel Cover reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Suburban Wheel Cover shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Suburban Wheel Cover without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeSuburban Wheel Cover may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Suburban Wheel Cover.MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Illinois, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Suburban Wheel Cover products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Suburban Wheel Cover products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Suburban Wheel Cover's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Suburban Wheel Cover may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Suburban Wheel Cover or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerSuburban Wheel Cover does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Suburban Wheel Cover is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Suburban Wheel Cover reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Suburban Wheel Cover in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Suburban Wheel Cover, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Suburban Wheel Cover may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Suburban Wheel Cover, Suburban Wheel Cover has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Suburban Wheel Cover. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Suburban Wheel Cover seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).