http://www.liberatormedical.com/privacy-new.php
Important information for our current and future customers about the Coronavirus (COVID-19):
Please click here to learn more
Request Free Samples
Reorder Online
Make a Payment
Support & Ordering: 1-855-948-3319
Liberator Medical Supply™ General Privacy Policies
Effective Date: November 17, 2020
Liberator Medical Supply™ has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
Your privacy is important to us, and it is the policy of Liberator Medical Supply, Inc.™ (“LMS”) to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website including the website located at: www.liberatormedical.com and the other LMS controlled websites and pages accessible from such site, such as www.purewickathome.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal information of Site visitors (“Visitors”), and applies solely to the information that we collect through the Site. This Privacy Policy does not address personal information that you provide to us in other contexts (e.g., through a business relationship not handled through the Site). This Privacy Policy applies to any website where it is posted.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.
Contact Policy
By submitting your personal information, you agree that LMS can contact you at the given email and/or telephone number, which may be dialed manually or through automatic means. If you give us a cellular telephone number, you also agree that we can contact you at that telephone number, which may be dialed manually or through automatic means, and by message (e.g., SMS or MMS) and that you will be responsible for all data charges associated with these contact attempts. You can also opt out of specific contact types at any time of your choosing.
Your Personal Information
LMS uses the personally identifiable information (“PII”) that we collect on our Site to provide you with a superior shopping experience. When you order, we will ask you to set up an account, which includes your name, e-mail address, mailing address, as well as certain other information that may be required to expedite your orders. We may also collect financial information, including credit card numbers, when you purchase our products through the Site and when you make payments to us using our payment processor. In addition, we ask that you indicate whether you would like to receive e-mail from LMS keeping you informed of new products or features.
We may work with a data provider to target advertising to you personally, through online and offline methods including email, display media, video media and direct mail. These providers may use personal information that we have collected or that you have provided to locate you online, such as when you visit or login to websites or mobile applications. When you login to or visit our website, your IP address may be combined with other de-identified data (such as a hashed, non-readable email or postal address) in order to send ads and materials to you based on your preferences, interests, and attributes. To opt out of this and other interest-based advertising, please visit the industry opt-out pages operated by the DAA, at http://www.aboutads.info and by the NAI at http://networkadvertising.org.
Your Protected Health Information and HIPAA Compliance
If you are a patient with a preexisting relationship with LMS, then the information that you share with us through this Site is likely to be protected health information (“PHI”) subject to the privacy and security safeguards of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act and its regulations (“HIPAA”). If that is the case, LMS’s use and disclosure of your PHI will be governed by the HIPAA Privacy Notice .
If you are a Visitor to this Site and do not have a preexisting relationship with LMS, then the terms of this Privacy Policy will govern LMS’s use and disclosure of your PII. If you create an account through this Site to purchase LMS products, any personal information that you provide will then be deemed to be PHI governed by the HIPAA Privacy Notice . Note that certain information that is governed by other laws, such as the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (“CMIA”) or HIPAA, is not considered personal information with respect to the rights of California residents noted below.  However, additional rights might be available under those laws and standards.  Please contact us at the information listed below for more information.
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, LMS will only use your PII only to operate the Site or address your requests for information, products or services. LMS will not sell, rent, license, or trade your PII with third parties for their own direct marketing use unless we receive your express consent to do so. Unless you give us permission to do so, LMS will not share your PII other than as specified in this Privacy Policy
Disclosures to Third Parties Assisting In Our Operations. LMS may share your PII under confidentiality agreements with other companies that work with, or on behalf of, LMS to provide products and services. These companies may use your PII to assist LMS in its operations, including but not limited to the processing of payment information and fulfillment of orders for product purchases. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.
Disclosures Under Special Circumstances. We may provide information about you to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process or governmental regulations, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
Business Transfers. We may share your PII with other business entities in connection with the sale, assignment, merger or other transfer of all or a portion of LMS’s business to such business entity. We will require any such successor business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.
LMS Marketing Activities. From time to time, we may enter into an agreement with other companies to send promotional e-mails on our behalf to such company’s customers. If we do, we may provide a list of our customer’s e-mail addresses to the other company so that you, as an existing LMS customer, will not receive repetitive promotional materials. Other than e-mail addresses, no information will be shared with the other company. Such companies will be prohibited from using the e-mail list for any other purpose and will be bound to the terms of our Privacy Policy with respect to the e-mail list. We may share non-personal, summary, or aggregate customer data with partners and other third parties.
Security
LMS understands that storing our data in a secure manner is essential. LMS stores PII using industry standard physical, technical and administrative safeguards to secure data against foreseeable risks, such as unauthorized use, access, disclosure, destruction or modification. Please note, however, that while LMS has endeavored to create a secure and reliable website for users, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to/from the Site or via e-mail cannot be guaranteed.
When you place an order online, your personal information and credit card information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet, making it difficult for your information to be intercepted while being transferred to LMS or our third party payment processor. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on will be visible in the address bar of modern browsers such as Internet Explorer or Chrome. Clicking on the lock icon will display security information regarding the site.
Cookies
Each time a visitor comes to the Site, LMS collects some information to improve the overall quality of the visitor’s online experience.
Aggregated Data. LMS collects aggregate queries for internal reporting and also counts, tracks, and aggregates the visitor’s activity into LMS’s analysis of general traffic-flow at the Site. To these ends, LMS may merge information about you into aggregated group data. In some cases, LMS may remove personal identifiers from PII and maintain it in aggregate form that may later be combined with other information to generate anonymous, aggregated statistical information. Such anonymous, group data may be shared on an aggregated basis with LMS’s affiliates, business partners, service providers and/or vendors; if it does so, LMS will not disclose your individual identity.
Web Server Logs and IP Addresses. An Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is a number that automatically identifies the computer or device you have used to access the Internet. The IP address enables our server to send you the web pages that you want to visit, and it may disclose the server owned by your Internet Service Provider. LMS may use IP addresses to conduct Site analyses and performance reviews and to administer the Site.
Cookies and Web Beacons. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to a user’s computer for purposes of storing information about a user’s preferences. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Many websites use cookies as a standard practice to provide useful features when a user visits the website and most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, but some portions of the Site may not work properly if you refuse cookies. To enhance your experience at LMS, we use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer, if you found us through a particular site or advertisement, and to understand anonymous audience behavior and interest on the Site. We also use cookies to retrieve certain information previously provided by you to LMS, so that you do not need to re-enter this information every time you shop at the site. Cookies are not used to access information entered on the secure server. This information can only be accessed when you enter your name and password, and only by LMS.
Some of the Site’s web pages may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about Site usage. A web beacon is an electronic image (also referred to as an “action tag,” “single-pixel,” or “clear GIF”) that is commonly used to track the traffic patterns of users from one web page to another in order to maximize web traffic flow and to otherwise analyze the effectiveness of the Site. Some web beacons may be unusable if you elect to reject their associated cookies.
Referrals/Links
The Site may contain links to third-party websites that may offer information of interest. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites, and LMS recommends reviewing those websites’ privacy policies individually.
Response to “Do Not Track” Signals
Some Internet browsers include the ability to transmit “Do Not Track” signals. Since uniform standards for “Do Not Track” signals have not yet been adopted, LMS does not process or respond to “Do Not Track” signals.
Children’s Privacy Protection
Under Age 13
LMS understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive online world. The Site is not designed for, or intentionally targeted at, children under 13 years of age. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 should submit any PII to LMS or the Site.
Under Age 18
Minors under 18 years of age may have the PII that they have provided to LMS through the Site deleted by sending an email to Opt-Out@liberatormedical.com requesting deletion. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your personal information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all systems.
Updates to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
Passwords; Your Role in Protecting Your Personal Information.
There are portions of this Site that allow access only to users with a valid password to access it. You must take all necessary steps to ensure that no unauthorized person has access to your password or account. It is your sole responsibility to: (A) control the dissemination and use of activation codes and passwords; (B) authorize, monitor, and control access to and use of your account and password; and (C) promptly inform us of any need to deactivate a password or account.
If you are accessing personal information that is not yours, you specifically verify, agree and acknowledge, as the context may require: (A) You may only retrieve information from the Site if you stored it or with express permission of the information’s owner; (B) You may not reproduce, distribute or disclose any information provided through the Site to any person other than (1) the individual to whom that information pertains, (2) to that individual’s parent or guardian, (3) to other individuals and entities permitted to receive the information under applicable laws, rules or regulations, or (4) any other individual or entity with prior consent of the owner of the information; and (C) Any unauthorized retrieval or usage activity may be grounds for terminating your use of the Site and may violate state and federal civil and criminal laws.
Wireless Data Consumption
If Liberator Medical™ is provided a wireless data device address or phone number, you agree to receive messages at such address unless and until you notify us you choose not to receive these emails, phone calls, text messages or SMS messages. Should you provide Liberator Medical™ with a wireless device medium for communication, you understand that all standard wireless carrier rates will apply and that you are authorizing all applicable charges that may occur due to consuming data from Liberator Medical™ on your wireless device.
Changes to Your Personal Information; Opt-Out
You may review and request changes to your PII that LMS has collected, including the removal of your PII from LMS’s databases in order to prevent receipt of future communications using any of the following options:
You can send your request via e-mail to Opt-Out@liberatormedical.com with REMOVE in the subject line.
You can mail your request to the following postal address: Attn: Marketing, Liberator Medical Supply., Inc., 2979 SE Gran Park Way, Stuart, Florida 34997.
Questions? Comments?
We welcome your feedback. If you have questions or comments about our privacy policies, feel free to send us an e-mail to Customer_Service@liberatormedical.com or call us at 1-800-323-0914.
Fax Number:
First Name:
Last Name:
*
required
*
First & Last Name:
*
Phone Number:
*
Email Address:
We may use this information to contact you to discuss our products or services. For full details please read our Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
*
I have read and I agree to the Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy.
Submit