https://www.irelandinpictures.com/privacy-policy/
CartCheckoutLoginRegister1. An overview of data protectionGeneralThe following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.Data collection on our websiteWho is responsible for the data collection on this website?The data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. The operator’s contact details can be found in the website’s required legal notice.How do we collect your data?Some data are collected when you provide it to us. This could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.Other data are collected automatically by our IT systems when you visit the website. These data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. These data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.What do we use your data for?Part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. Other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.What rights do you have regarding your data?You always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. You also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. You may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.Analytics and third-party toolsWhen visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. This happens primarily using cookies and analytics. The analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. You can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. Detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.You can object to this analysis. We will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.2. General information and mandatory informationData protectionThe operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.If you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. Personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. This privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.Please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. Complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.Notice concerning the party responsible for this websiteThe party responsible for processing data on this website is:Stefan Schnebelt PhotographyStefan SchnebeltWindschläger Str. 2877652 OffenburgTelephone: +49 (0)781 91933455Email: info@stefanschnebelt.comThe responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).Revocation of your consent to the processing of your dataMany data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.Right to data portabilityYou have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. If you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.SSL or TLS encryptionThis site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar.If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.Encrypted payments on this websiteIf you enter into a contract which requires you to send us your payment information (e.g. account number for direct debits), we will require this data to process your payment.Payment transactions using common means of payment (Visa/MasterCard, direct debit) are only made via encrypted SSL or TLS connections. You can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon in your browser line is visible.In the case of encrypted communication, any payment details you submit to us cannot be read by third parties.Information, blocking, deletionAs permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. You also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. You can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.Opposition to promotional emailsWe hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. The website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.3. Data collection on our websiteCookiesSome of our web pages use cookies. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. Cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.Most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.” They are automatically deleted after your visit. Other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. These cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.You can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. Alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.Cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to Art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of DSGVO. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. If other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.Server log filesThe website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in “server log files”. These are:Browser type and browser versionOperating system usedReferrer URLHost name of the accessing computerTime of the server requestIP addressThese data will not be combined with data from other sources.The basis for data processing is Art. 6 (1) (f) DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.Contact formShould you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. We do not share this information without your permission.We will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). Any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.Registration on this websiteYou can register on our website in order to access additional functions offered here. The input data will only be used for the purpose of using the respective site or service for which you have registered. The mandatory information requested during registration must be provided in full. Otherwise, we will reject your registration.To inform you about important changes such as those within the scope of our site or technical changes, we will use the email address specified during registration.We will process the data provided during registration only based on your consent per Art. 6 (1)(a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.We will continue to store the data collected during registration for as long as you remain registered on our website. Statutory retention periods remain unaffected.Leaving comments on this websiteIf you use the comment function on this site, the time at which you created the comment and your email address will be stored along with your comment, as well as your username, unless you are posting anonymously.Storage of the IP addressOur comment function stores the IP addresses of those users who post comments. Since we do not check comments on our site before they go live, we need this information to be able to pursue action for illegal or slanderous content.Subscribing to the comment feedAs a user of this site, you can sign up to receive the comment feed after registering. Your email address will be checked with a confirmation email. You can unsubscribe from this function at any time by clicking the link in the emails. The data provided when you subscribed to the comments feed will then be deleted, but if you have submitted this data to us for other purposes or elsewhere (such as subscribing to a newsletter), it will be retained.How long comments are storedThe comments and the associated data (e.g. IP address) are stored and remain on our website until the content commented upon has been completely deleted or the comments are required to be removed for legal reasons (slander, etc.).Legal basisThe comments are stored based on your consent per Art. 6 (1) (a) DSGVO. You may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. An informal email making this request is sufficient. The data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed. We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Under settings you can configure the use of cookies.
Learn more: Privacy Policy · Legal Notice
Accept
Cookie Settings
Strictly Necessary Cookies
3rd Party Cookies
Cookie Settings
This website uses cookies to provide you with the best possible user experience. Cookie information will be stored directly in your browser and perform important functions.
Strictly Necessary CookiesStrictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
disable
3rd Party CookiesThis website uses Google Analytics, Google Ads and Google Conversion Tracking to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
disable
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Enable All
Save Changes
Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance