https://www.heartbeatdesigns.com/policies/
HOME
JEWELRY & GIFTS
A Mother’s Heart Charm
My Baby Angel Charm
Heirloom Baby’s Hankie Bonnet
Fine Jewelry Gifts
Zuzu Gift Set
Designer
Testimonials
Policies
Contact
Blog
Our #1 concern is our Customer’s Satisfaction!  We respect our customers privacy…our client information is never sold or released to any second or third party.
Payment Options:
Credit Card and Pay Pal. With all methods of payment orders will be shipped out within 48 hours, unless it is a back ordered item or a “Special Order.” Our Secure Ordering System:
We use a safe and secure shopping cart and Pay Pal as our processing merchant account. Pay Pal accepts most major credit cards ~Visa, MasterCard, American Express & Discover ~ and of course you can pay using Pay Pal. Please note: you do not have to have a Pay Pal account – just use your credit card in the same usual manner.
*Appropriate sales tax will be added to orders for residents of New York State.
Shipping:
All orders will be shipped by USPS Delivery Confirmation Priority Mail, which normally arrives within 3-5 days, but please allow 7 business days to arrive. *Please read “Return” policy below about a restocking fee for returned items.
Express Mail orders that are received before 12PM EDT time are shipped on the same day — orders received after 12PM EDT time will be shipped out the next business day. In the event of it being a holiday, the order will ship on the next business day after the holiday.*If you choose to have your order sent by Overnight Express Mail the US Postal Service guarantees 99% that you will receive it the next day. However, please be aware that there are some rural areas that the USPS will not guarantee overnight delivery to. They will however guarantee 2-day delivery for such areas. You can check if you live in one of these 2 day areas at your local post office. *The USPS delivers on Saturday.
Holiday Orders:  USPS Priority Mail takes from 3 to 5 days to arrive at it’s destination, please allow 7 days, especially for holiday orders. Priority Overnight Express arrives the next day – unless the address is in a 2-day shipping area [see above]. Please check with your local post office to find out what your area is. We cannot guarantee that any order will arrive in time for a certain holiday, but we promise to do everything in our power to see that it does. *Ordering early will eliminate any such concerns.
Non-Domestic Orders
Our shopping cart offers shipping rates for domestic orders only.
At this time we are only accepting orders within the US.
*We reserve the right to decline any order.
Returns & Exchanges:
We offer a 15-Day money back guarantee if you are not completely satisfied. The 15 days will be extended if being purchased as a holiday gift.
Being a small business we regrettably cannot absorb the shipping & handling and bank processing fees when an item is returned or exchanged. Therefore there is a 15% of the retail price restocking fee for returned items that will be deducted from the refund amount.  We try to keep it as low as we can with most of the larger businesses today charging restocking fees of 30% and beyond. Shipping costs are never refunded as they are solely the responsibility of the customer. We ask that you return the item by the same method your order was shipped…USPS Priority Mail with tracking number, as we cannot be held responsible for returned items that could become lost in the mail.
SPECIAL ORDERS:  As a courtesy we give a 24 hour period from the time the order was placed for you to change your mind. Special Orders cannot be cancelled after 24 hours being they are custom ordered especially for you. *Special Orders are final and cannot be returned or exchanged.Heartbeat Designs Privacy Policy
Heartbeat Designs is dedicated to protecting your privacy when using our Web site. Please read this policy to understand how we collect and use information gathered through this Web site, and to understand your rights regarding these practices.
PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE: Heartbeat Designs only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, phone number and similar information which identifies you. We collect this information so that you may receive Heartbeat Designs products and services. We do not sell or rent or transmit personal information to any other organizations or third parties.
OTHER WEB SITES: Our Web site may contain links to other web sites not owned or maintained by Heartbeat Designs. Other web sites may also reference or link to our Web site. Clicking a link on our Web site may bring you to a third party web site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Web site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites.
SECURITY: The security of your personal information is very important to us. We provide for the secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers by utilizing encryption software. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect.  No personal information is saved in our web site database.
WEB SITE LEGAL DISCLAIMER: Use of this Web site is governed by the provisions contained in the Legal Disclaimer. Your use, or access, of the Web site constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER!
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS!
CHECK BACK OFTEN FOR NEW DESIGNS!
SOCIALIZE
“A design as pure and distinct as a “baby in a heart” is the embodiment of motherhood…”
Recent Posts
Hello December…oops! :)
Welcome November…
Welcome October…Sorry September!
Hi August!
Hello July…..
*ATTENTION*
eStores
If you have a Pay Pal Acc't You Can Sell Our Designs
Just 3
Easy Steps...
We Drop Ship!
CONTACT US
“A Mothers Heart”©
Sweet child of my dreams…
destined never to part.
No love is held dearer…
than in a mother’s heart.
~ By Georgene © ~
“Mom’s Lament”©
Treasure the moments of motherhood
they slip through our fingers so fast.
Don't ever take them for granted...
for babies,
like moments
don't last!
~ By Georgene © ~
“Mothers Jewelry”©
Though I have a jewelry box filled with gems galore...
my children are my most priceless jewels,
my wealth...my hearts treasure.
~ By Georgene © ~