https://www.highmowingseeds.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy & Security Policy
Our Privacy & Security Policy
High Mowing Organic Seeds (HMOS) respects the privacy and security of our customers and the importance of the information they entrust to us. Our website is provided as a service to our customers throughout the United States and Canada. We have summarized below our basic information policies and practices for this website, www.highmowingseeds.com, which is owned and operated by High Mowing Seed Company.
It is our intent to ensure this Privacy & Security Policy is complete and current with best privacy and security practices. If at any time you have questions or concerns about your privacy or security with our company, please call us at 802-472-6174 or email us at questions@highmowingseeds.com.
Information We Collect and How It Is Used
We collect information from you in several different ways on this site, with the goal of improving your customer experience with High Mowing Organic Seeds:
Personal Information. We collect Personal Information on the HMOS website when you make a purchase, create an online account, request a catalog, or subscribe to email. Personal Information may include your name, address, email address, and credit card number. We collect and use such information to enhance your customer experience with us and for marketing purposes such as to:
Process, track, and fill your orders
Help make the site easier for you to use
Provide you with relevant information and content
Market our products and seeds
Inform you of special offers and promotions
Include you in customer surveys
Log Files and Recordings. In addition, certain Information is collected automatically by our website. This information may include Personal Information, visitor domain name, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and referring domain. The information is tracked in server logs and recordings, and may be used to troubleshoot problems, keep content relevant, examine traffic trends, and improve the website experience for visitors.
Cookies and Other Technology. To improve your online shopping experience, we may assign your computer one or more Cookies, which are a standard internet tool used by most websites. A Cookie is a small data file stored as text files by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive for record keeping purposes. The “Cookie” itself does not tell us who you are, your e-mail address or anything else personal. For example, we use Cookies to understand which web pages are visited, how often they are visited, and to provide you with a more customized visitor experience.
Disabling Cookies. Most internet browsers are initially set to accept Cookies. You can set your browser to refuse Cookies from websites or remove them from your hard drive, but this will cause certain functions of our site to not work properly. We have to use Cookies to enable you to select products, place them in your Online Shopping Cart or Wish List, and to then store or purchase those products.
Email Addresses. Your email address allows us to send you an order confirmation and customer service messages as necessary. If you have subscribed to our marketing and newsletter emails, we will also send you useful growing tips, special offers, customer surveys, and new product updates. We provide instructions on how to unsubscribe in each email.
How Information May Be Shared
We will not distribute, sell, or rent your email address to any outside parties.
Privacy of Children Under 13
Our website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Surveys
If you complete a HMOS survey, we may record your email address along with the information you provide us on the questionnaire. We use summaries of the data collected from our surveys to help us improve the service and products we offer you.
Data Security & Safety
We take appropriate physical, electronic, and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
If you have any concerns about ordering electronically, feel free to call us at 802-472-6174 to place your order over the phone.
You can also print your online shopping cart page and fax your order:
Attention: Customer Service Fax to: 802-472-3201
Or, you can mail your order to us at the following address:
High Mowing Organic SeedsATTN: Catalog Order 76 Quarry Road Wolcott, VT 05680
Policy Changes
From time to time, HMOS may need to change our privacy policy in whole or in part. If changes are made, our new privacy policy will be posted on our Website (www.highmowingseeds.com). Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our website and will replace any prior policies that may be inconsistent. This policy was updated on June 7, 2019.
Careers
Blog
FAQ
Contact US
Please turn your device
Please expand your browser window
© 2020 High Mowing Organic Seeds. All Rights Reserved