http://www.bio-ox.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What are you looking for?
The information we collect and how we use it
How you can correct your information or opt out of emails or direct mail
Children’s privacy online
Credit card transactions
Links
Disclaimer
We know you are concerned about protecting your privacy online. So are we. At Bio-OX, we treat your personal information (especially your credit card number) with the highest standards of safety, security and confidentiality.
Bio-OX will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy. Bio-OX will not share your personal information with third parties unless you have consented to the disclosure or the disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process, (2) protect and defend our rights and property, (3) protect our customers or users from misuse or unauthorized use of the Bio-OX Web site, or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our customers or the public.
By using and/or becoming a registered user on our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. We may change our privacy policy from time to time. We will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
How we protect and store personal information
Throughout this policy, we use the term “personal information” to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user. We protect your personal information by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable US federal and state regulations. We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files, and we authorize access to personal information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities.
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient and customized experience. We may use your personal information to provide customer support you request, process transactions and send notices about your transactions, resolve disputes, collect fees, troubleshoot problems, and compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties.
The information we collect and how we use it
When you visit Bio-OX.com, we collect your IP address and standard Web log information, such as your browser type and the pages you access on our Web site. Every computer connected to the Internet is given a domain name and a set of numbers that serve as that computer’s “Internet Protocol” (IP) address. When a visitor requests a page from our Web site, our Web servers automatically recognize that visitor’s domain name and IP address. The domain name and IP address reveal nothing personal about you other than the IP address from which you have accessed our site. This information is used to examine traffic in aggregate, but is not collected or evaluated for individuals. Our Web servers do not record the e-mail addresses of our visitors.
When you place an order, we ask for your name, phone number, e-mail address, shipping address, billing address, credit card number, credit card expiration date and credit card security code (CVV2). This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. You may also choose to provide personal information, such as your name and address, when you contact us or participate in a survey. We may use this information the same way we use your account information and order information.
We maintain a strict “No-Spam” policy; Bio-OX does not sell, rent, or give your personal information or e-mail address to others without your consent. We use the customer information we collect only for the purposes of filling orders, contacting purchasers to inform them of their order status, sending promotional information, enhancing the operation of our site, for statistical purposes and to administer our systems. We may use third parties to help us fulfill orders, to help process payments, to conduct surveys and to help administer promotional emails. We give them access to the information needed to do their jobs. Sometimes that includes your personal information. Our computer system protects personal information using advanced firewall technology.
When you access our Web site, we, or companies we hire to track how our Web site is used, may place small data files called “cookies” on your computer. Your browser must be able to accept cookies in order to use our online ordering system. Without cookies enabled on your browser, our online ordering system will not remember any information you input into our system from one page to the next, including items placed in your cart. Cookies are pieces of information generated by us and stored on your computer. Cookies in no way give us access to your computer or your files; they merely identify your computer to our servers so that we can maintain your user session. Bio-OX does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal or financial information unless you have voluntarily submitted information. We use cookies to identify which areas of our Web site you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookie settings can be found in either the privacy or security section of your browser options menu. If you experience difficulty placing your order, please call us toll-free at
1-866-246-6943.
Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you have seen an advertisement. We and our advertisers may use this information to better personalize the content, banners and promotions that you see on our site.
Bio-OX encourages anyone who uses cookies to follow appropriate privacy standards and policies, but is not responsible for cookies placed by third parties. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept cookies, your experience at our site and other Web sites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
How you can correct your information or opt out of emails
To update the information retained about you, please contact us using our online form or by calling us at 1-866-246-6943. If you no longer wish to receive a specific newsletter, follow the “Unsubscribe” instructions located near the bottom of each newsletter and we will honor your request as quickly as possible.
Direct Mail
If you would like to opt-out of receiving direct mail promotional offers, please call us at 1-866-246-6943. Be sure to state your full name and address and account information (if applicable) along with your request. If, for any reason, you continue to receive these communications after contacting us to opt-out, please contact us again and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
Children’s privacy online
At Bio-OX, we understand that children’s privacy is important. We do not monitor the age of our user audience. However, if you are under age 16, you should not submit personal identifying information to Bio-OX without the consent of your parent or guardian. If you are a parent and want to limit your children’s access to material you believe may be harmful to them, you may want to look into commercially available hardware, software and filtering devices.
Credit-card transactions
Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information you transmit to us over the internet. Never send your credit card number to anyone via email. If you feel more comfortable doing so, you are welcome to call in your order by phone toll-free at 1-866-246-6943 or send us the information by fax at 1-732-650-0556.
We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology – the industry standard – to encrypt the personal information and credit card detail you provide during the order process. To ensure the security of your personal information, you should always provide that information over a secure connection.
Links
This Site contains links to third-party Web sites that are not under the control of Bio-OX. When you click on links that take you to third-party Web sites you do so at your own risk and Bio-OX is not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, or statements made on these sites or for the quality of any products or services available on such sites. Bio-OX provides these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply that Bio-OX endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or uses of such Web sites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other Web site.
Disclaimer
This site is owned and operated by Bio-OX. The material included herein, including site design, text, graphics, and the selection and arrangement thereof are copyrighted © by Bio-OX. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Bio-OX.com and all page headers, custom graphics, and custom icons are service marks and trademarks of Bio-OX. All other trademarks, product names, and company names or logos cited herein are the property of their respective owners.
This site could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical errors. Bio-OX is not responsible for printing or typographical errors. Bio-OX may make changes to the materials and services at this site, including the prices and descriptions of any products listed herein, at any time without notice. The materials or services at this site may be out of date, and Bio-OX makes no commitment to update such materials or services.
Bio-OX assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions in the information, documents, software, materials and/or services which are referenced by or linked to this site. References to other corporations, their services and products, are provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied.
In no event shall Bio-OX or its suppliers be liable to you or any third party for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, those resulting from loss or use, data or profits, whether or not Kramer Industries has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of this site or of any Web site referenced or linked to from this site. Some jurisdictions prohibit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
The use of the services or the downloading or other acquisition of any materials through this site is done at your own discretion and risk and with your agreement that you will be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such activities. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Bio-OX or through or from this site shall create any warranty not expressly stated in the terms of use.
No material from Bio-OX.com may be copied, reproduced, republished, posted, transmitted or distributed in any way. You may print in hard copy portions of this web site with the sole intent of placing an order with Bio-OX.com or applying for credit. Printing material for any other reason, or transferring it for use on any other Web site, or the modification, distribution, or republication of this material without prior written permission from Bio-OX is strictly prohibited.
Search for:
Recent CommentsArchives
Categories
No categories
Meta
Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Subscribe for Join Us!
Email
X