https://www.redbarn.com/privacy-policy/
Shop AllBonesBully SticksChewsDentalRewards
Dog FoodShop AllAir DriedDryPatéStewRolled
FOR CATS
Cat TreatsShop All
Cat FoodShop AllFiletsStewPaté
Product pickerOur Story
Our StoryOur FamilyWhy RedbarnRedbarn CaresCareers
Resources
BlogDecoding The LabelHow To TransitionIngredients DictionaryStore LocatorFAQContact us
Search
Search
PRIVACY POLICY
As customers ourselves, we know that privacy is a fundamental right. Your privacy and security are essential to us. We aim to ensure the information we have about you is secure and only used to improve and enhance Redbarn Pet Products’s relationship with you. We take precautions to protect your personal information and want you to know how we collect, use, share, and protect information about you.
Our privacy policy below helps to explain the kinds of information we collect and how we use it. In short, we don’t sell your data to anyone. Ever. Redbarn is in the business of making better pet products, and that’s it. We use this data to meet legal requirements and to make our products and processes better.
By interacting with Redbarn, you consent to the following use of your collected or submitted information as described in this privacy policy. We may change, add to, or update this document (check the date at the top to see when it was last updated). We encourage you to review it to help stay up to date with and better understand our policies.
Making Privacy Policies Understandable
Privacy Policies are notorious for being hard to read and understand. Redbarn Pet Products’ Privacy Policy passed several readability tests with an average reading level of grade 12. The total word count of our privacy policy is 3009 words, and the average reading time is approximately 12 minutes.
We also included resources to help you become more aware of your rights as a consumer. These include links to help define technical terms, to find and opt-out of targeted advertising, and anonymously browse the web.
Introduction
This website, https://www.redbarn.com, is owned and operated by Redbarn Pet Products, LLC (sometimes referred to as “Redbarn,” “we,” “our,” and “us”). By using our website, you are acknowledging and consenting to be bound by this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) and our Terms of Use.
We’ve created this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your information. This policy applies to information we collect when you use our website (collectively, “Services”) or interact with us. The privacy policy below describes measures taken by us to protect your privacy in connection with the use of our Site.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy, and in some cases, we may provide you with extra notice. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you interact with us. This way, you stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION
Data Collection
We collect two kinds of information, personal data, and non-personal data when you engage with us on our site. Definitions and examples of this data are provided below.
We make use of cookies on our site. A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit websites. We use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. Your cookie contains such information as your billing and shipping addresses and the contents of your shopping cart.  If you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. If you are a registered user, the preceding information is associated with your account information.
These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. You should know that if you visit other websites, you may be required to accept third-party cookies. We do not control the use of any cookies deposited on your computer when you visit third-party websites. We disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect, see the complete list below under Terms and Definitions. Please note, this list is subject to change at any time without notice.
(1a) Personal Data
When you submit data to us, like create an account, make an order, or submit a form, we collect pieces of identifiable information to fulfill your order, contact you, and identify you. We do this to provide you with an efficient and speedy shopping experience. The data that we gather may include, but is not limited to, your full name, mailing address, billing address, email address, telephone number, cell phone number, fax number, and credit card information.
(1b) Non-personal Data
Non-personal includes data that does not identify you; instead, it is general information used to help us improve service, support, functionality, and other aspects of our website. We gather non-personal data using industry-standard technologies, including Google Analytics or Yahoo Live Web Insights. Data may include peak traffic time periods, traffic referrals, traffic/revenue trends, demographics, IP address, browser, domain server, type of computer, web beacons, cookies, viewed pages, and time data. This data is anonymous and cannot identify you.
(1c) How Long We Keep Information
We will keep the information we collect from you in our system indefinitely. If you would like information deleted, you may request deletion by emailing us at info@redbarninc.com.
(1d) Email Communications
To help us make emails more useful and interesting, we use email service providers. If your computer supports such capabilities, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
(1e) Availability and Ability to Alter Personal Information
Our policy is to allow you to view, change, or update personal data. You may do this by logging in to your account. You can also email us at info@redbarninc.com and we will help you through the process, as long as the actions do not threaten our privacy or security interests as a whole. If at some point you would like your personal data removed from our database, submit a written request, and we will accommodate your wish. In some instances, please keep in mind that we may be required to save a copy of all information for specific legal reasons for a set amount of time.
2.  USAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Use of Personal Data
We use your Personal Data to support and enhance our relationship with you. For example, personal data is used to process your sale, provide service and support, and share product, service, and company news and offerings with you. If you provide personal data for a specific reason, we may use the personal data in connection with the purpose for which it was provided. We may also use your information to help us improve the content and functionality of our website, perform research about current and proposed products and services, better understand our users, and to improve our products and services.
(2a) Content Reproduction
By posting photographs, video, reviews, feedback, or any other available submissions (“Content”) to this website, any of our social media properties, any of our blogs, or by using any hashtags related to Redbarn or addressing our account, you are granting us permission to use your Content. We can use your Content and likeness in whole or in part on our website, social properties, apps, marketing materials, advertising materials, or any other materials owned or maintained by Redbarn without compensation or consideration to you. Upon submission, we may change, edit, update, reproduce, adapt, publish, or translate your Content for any purpose whatsoever.
If you choose to take part in any submissions, comments, reviewing, or posting, please be aware that your content will be public and can be read, collected, used, or responded to by other users. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit on our online properties and are not responsible for unsolicited messages that occur from the posting of personal contact information.
(2b) Disclosure
We are not in the business of selling your data. This information is a vital part of our relationship with you. We will not knowingly sell, trade, or rent your Personal Information other than as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. There are circumstances in which we may share your data with third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below. We may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law. If we have a good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (1) follow the law or with legal process served on us; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety, we’ll disclose data.  This includes exchanging information with companies or organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
(i) Third-party Service Providers.  In specific scenarios, we may be required to share your Personal Information with our service providers. These third-party providers work on our behalf to perform specific tasks. Examples include website hosting, shipping, consulting, and payment processing. When we use another company to perform one of these functions, we only provide them with the information needed to perform their specific function.
(ii) Enforcement of Law. We may be required by law to provide Personal Information to the authorities. If approached by law enforcement or governmental authorities, we will provide this information to cooperate with an ongoing investigation or because of a court-ordered subpoena. If we become aware of any illegal activities by those using our services or products, we reserve the right to report any and all activities.
(iii) Company Merger or Sale. In the event of an acquisition, sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Information may transfer to a successor.
(2c) Customer Testimonials/Reviews
We may post customer testimonials and reviews on our Site, which may contain identifiable information. By submitting testimonials or reviews, a customer is consenting to make all personal information that was collected at the time publicly viewable with the testimonial or review.
(2d) Surveys or Contests
We may provide you the opportunity to take part in surveys or contests on our site.  If you participate, we may request specific personally identifiable information from you.  Participation in these surveys or contests is voluntary. You have a choice whether to disclose this information. We use contact data from our surveys to send users information about us and our promotions. By entering any contest or survey, you are bound by the following:
We reserve the right to disqualify any participant at any time for any reason. Behaviors that warrant disqualification include but are not limited to unethical vote gathering practices, defamatory language, or spam.
We reserve the right to revoke prizes at any time for any reason. Behaviors that warrant revocation include, but are not limited to, cheating, claiming many prizes per household, or claiming more than five prizes in one calendar year.
(2e) Social Media
https://www.redbarninc.com/ includes social media features.  These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you visit on our site and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or on our site.  Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies provided by these sites.
3. PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
(3a) Security Measures
When it comes to credit card transactions, established third-party banking and process institutions are utilized. Verification and authorizations are transmitted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption. We take preventative and security measures to secure your Personal Information, but there is no absolute method to safeguard against attack. Because of this, the Internet is not guaranteed as secure. You are hereby agreeing that we are not responsible for any intercepted information. You are also are releasing us from any and all claims arising or related to the use of intercepted information through the Internet. No internet, email or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error-free. You should take special care in deciding what information you send us in this way.
(3b) Protecting Yourself
It is your responsibility to ensure the secrecy of your account information, especially in regard to your User ID and password. Do not share your account information.  Regularly reset your password to safeguard your information. Use passwords unrelated to your personal information and are difficult to guess. The length and diversity of characters used will aid in protecting you from any sort of attempted intruder. Be as careful as possible when online and make sure to take all necessary precautions to protect your information.
(3c) Links to Other Sites
Our Site contains hyperlinks and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. These links are for your reference only. We do not control, operate, or endorse the information, products, or services on third-party sites. We are not responsible for their content. Many third-party sites have their own privacy policies that differ from ours. This privacy policy only covers our Site and does not cover any other site. While we make every effort to keep your information secure, we do not control the policies of other sites.
4. OPTING-OUT
At any point, you may “opt-out” or unsubscribe from our communications and non-transactional related emails. Follow the unsubscribe instructions in any email you receive from us. Doing so will not prevent transactional emails such as a confirmation email. You also may ask at any time to see the data you have given us and request correction or deletion.
To opt-out of interest-based ads, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Your mobile device may include a feature that allows you to opt-out of having your information used for behavioral advertising purposes. Please review the settings of your mobile device for more information.
5. TERMS OF USE
If you continue to browse and use our Site you are agreeing to follow and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use. Together with our Privacy Policy, these terms govern our relationship with you, a user or viewer, of this Site.
Every effort is made to keep the Site up and running. We take no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the Site being unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee about the accuracy, reliability, availability, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this Site for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that the information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors. We exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this Site is at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that products, services or information available through this Site meet your specific requirements. You hereby indemnify, defend, and hold us and our affiliates and our officers, directors, owners, agents, information providers, affiliates, licensors and licensees harmless from and against any and all liabilities and costs incurred in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of this agreement or claims arising from your use of our Site. You will cooperate with us in the defense of any claim. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you.
This Site contains material, which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorized use of this Site may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offense.
From time to time this Site may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this Site from another website or document without our prior consent. To make a request, please send an email to info@redbarninc.com
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of use of the website is subject to the laws of the state of California.
6. ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY
By voluntarily providing personal data through this site, you are consenting to the company’s use of this data by this privacy policy. If you provide personal data to this site, you acknowledge and agree that such personal data may be transferred from your current location to the company’s offices, and servers and the authorized third parties referred to herein in the United States.
7. GENERAL
(7a) Policy Changes
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, it may be necessary for us to make changes to our Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. Please review this policy, especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated at the beginning of this document. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of the updated Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
(7b) Children, Parental Consent Policy
Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 13. We assume our website is used by adults or minors supervised by a parent or guardian. We respect the privacy of parents and children and are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). On those areas of our Site that ask for age, we do not collect personal information from individuals who identify themselves as under the age of 13 except in those limited circumstances where we believe that such collection is permitted under COPPA.
We take children’s privacy seriously. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any personal data through the site. If we become aware that a person submitting personal data to us through any part of our site is under 13 years of age, we delete such information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties. We ask that parents supervise children while online.
If a parent believes that his or her child has provided us with personal information, he or she can contact us via email or postal mail as listed below. We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13.
(7c) Your California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information with respect to the types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us, may choose to opt-out of us disclosing personal information about them to third parties for marketing purposes.
(7d) Contact Us
If you would like to contact us with any questions regarding our privacy practices, our website, or any other reason, please contact us by emailing info@redbarninc.com or by writing us at the following address:
Attention: Privacy
Redbarn Pet Products LLC.
3229 E. Spring Street, Suite 310
Long Beach, CA 90806
Privacy Resources for You
Anonymous Web browsing, the ability to surf the Web without being tracked, works by putting a buffer between you and the Website you want to look at and allows you to view information without being tracked. Learn more here.
Interest-Based Advertising is a technology, also known as remarketing, uses cookies to serve ads based on your browsing history and preferences as recorded by the browser on your desktop, tablet, or mobile phone. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt-out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. To opt-out of these ads, visit these links: http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/, https://app.adroll.com/optout/safari, and http://www.youradchoices.com/.
Terms and Definitions
Cookies are a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. We use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. Your cookie contains such information as your billing and shipping addresses and the contents of your shopping cart.  If you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. If you are a registered user, the foregoing information is associated with your account information. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. You should know that if you visit other websites, you may be required to accept third party cookies. We do not control the use of any cookies that are deposited on your computer when you visit third-party websites, and we expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
Do Not Track is a setting you can configure on your browser. Enabling “Do Not Track” means that a request will be included with your browsing traffic. Any effect depends on whether a website responds to the request, and how the request is interpreted. Learn more.
How Redbarn Responds to Do Not Track Signals: We allow Do Not Track browser configurations. We use cookies and other tracking technologies, and Do Not Track status may alter the available services with certain browsers when these tracking functionalities are used to provide services. We do not alter the information our applications attempt to collect based on your Do Not Track configuration.
Personal Data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Processing means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
Third Party means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
List of Cookies We Collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page to allow pages to display quicker.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use the cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Please check back periodically as we do reserve the right to make modify or update this Privacy Policy without prior notice.
Copyright © 2018 Redbarn Pet Products, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Accept