http://www.americanblinds.com/help/commercial
Commercial and Contract Blinds | AmericanBlinds.com
Need assistance? Call 800-575-8016
Videos
Resource Center
Check Order Status
All Products
Shades
Cellular/Honeycomb Shades
Roller Shades
Solar Shades
Pleated Shades
Roman Shades
Bamboo/Woven Wood Shades
Dual Sheer Shades
Sheer Shades
Outdoor Shades
Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Wood Blinds
Mini Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Vinyl Blinds
Fabric Blinds
Venetian Blinds
Verticals
Vertical Blinds
Sheer Vertical Shades
Panel Track Blinds
Vertical Cellular Shades
Shutters
Wood Shutters
Faux Wood Shutters
Draperies
Custom Draperies
Drapery Hardware
Specialty
Skylight Shades
Arches
Angle Tops
Door Blinds
By Feature
Blackout
Cordless
Top-Down/Bottom-Up
Expedited
Motorized
Child Safe
Lookbook
Swatches
Sales
Cart
OCTOBER 10, 2020 - COVID-19 Update -
Learn More
We are experiencing high call volumes and longer than normal wait times due to COVID-19. Skip the wait and check your order status online.
We are Committed to You, Our Customers
While all of us; our customers, our families and our loved ones, navigate the day by day changes that sweep the daily news regarding Covid-19, we want to assure you that we are open and adhering to all guidelines and best practices set by the CDC and with our local government.
Our Design Experts and Customer Service associates are prepared, knowledgeable and fully able to work remotely and carry out the same remarkable product guidance and service you've known for years.
Frequently Asked Questions
Can I order Samples?
We are now able to fulfill a limited selection of free sample requests and plan to
expand this assortment as soon as we can. You can view sample availability on each product page. In order to
ensure the safety of our employees, we have reduced the number of people allowed in our warehouse to guarantee appropriate social distancing. This may mean that you may experience slower delivery than normal, and we appreciate your patience.
If you would like help, have questions, or even have pics of your space, our design experts can totally work with that.
Will Product Orders be Delayed?
We are closely communicating with all of our providers and facilities to
provide our customers the most up-to-date
information on all of our window treatments. You can look at your product's page to get an estimate of current production times (as you normally would).
Our Commitment to Safety
We are in this together and we take the health and safety of our employees and our customers seriously. With that, we will let you know that in following the directive of our local government, we are complying with a Stay Home — Work Safe order as well as with best practices provided by the CDC. To accomplish this, we are working safely and remotely to get you decorating advice, step-by-step measuring and installation instructions and assistance with orders.
Find the Perfect Solution for Your Commercial or Contract Job
Contact us today! 800-689-0781 or commercialquotes@americanblinds.com
Welcome to American Blinds Commercial & Contract Division, your one-stop source for commercial and to-the-trade window treatments. We help property managers, government facilities, schools, hotels, restaurants, general contractors, architects and interior designers get high-quality commercial blinds at our lowest costs.
Bella View
Bali
Levolor
Norman
Coolaroo
The Best Brands
Our strength, expertise and longevity in the blind industry are unmatched. We offer solutions for all your needs including light control, privacy and insulation—and all at great prices! Our staff is dedicated to making your commercial blinds experience an enjoyable and stress-free process, from start to completion.
Dedicated Specialists
Our strength, size, and longevity in the blind industry is unprecedented. We offer solutions for all your needs including light control, privacy and insulation, all at a great price! Our staff is dedicated to making your experience an enjoyable and stress free process, from start to completion.
Contact the Commercial & Contract Division today at 800-689-0781, or email us at commercialquotes@americanblinds.com.
Email Us
Our most popular commercial products
Bella View
Advantage 2" Faux Wood Blind
Sale
Bella View
Trademark 1" Mini Blind
Sale
Bella View
Trademark 2" Aluminum Blind
Sale
Bella View
Trademark Vinyl Vertical Blind
Sale
Please note: It is the responsibility of the customer to request any required certifications for flame retardancy, lead test results, indoor air quality, LEED, recycled materials, made in the USA or for any other product attributes. Each project is different. Requirements vary by client, city, county, state and building use.
Shop Blinds, Shades & More
Angle Tops
Arches
Cellular Shades
Custom Draperies
Drapery Hardware
Dual Sheer Shades
Fabric Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Mini Blinds
Outdoor Shades
Panel Track Blinds
Pleated Shades
Roller Shades
Roman Shades
Sheer Shades
Sheer Vertical Shades
Wood Shutters
Faux Wood Shutters
Shutters (All)
Skylights
Solar Roller Shades
Vertical Blinds
Vertical Cellular Shades
Vinyl Blinds
Wood Blinds
Woven Wood Shades
Helpful Links
Resource Center
Check Order Status
Frequently Asked Questions
How to Measure
How to Install
Child Safety Matters
Commercial Sales
Shipping & Policies
Affiliates
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy & Security
Do Not Sell My Information
Tax Exempt
Terms of Use
California Supply Chain Act
Sitemap
SIGN UP & SAVE 25%
on orders of $299 or greater.
Subscribe
Contact Us
800-575-8016
Sales Hours
Mon - Fri 8am - 11pm | Sat - Sun 10am - 9pm EST
Customer Service Hours
Mon - Fri 8am - 11pm | Sat - Sun 10am - 7pm EST
Facebook Social Icon
YouTube Social Icon
Pinterest Social Icon
Houzz Social Icon
© 2020 Copyright American Blinds
Viewing prices as of
Show current prices
Logged in as
Empty Cart
Logout
on behalf of
Current
yourself