http://www.ageforce.com/privacy
Privacy | AgeForceWithin the Privacy Policy, the operator of this Web site "Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC" will be referred to as "Company", "we" or "us". We are committed to complete permission-based marketing, while safeguarding your privacy online. Please read our privacy policy ("Policy") to understand how your personal information will be treated as submitted on the Website. This Policy also applies to individuals who have agreed to receive email marketing from Phase4 Pharmaceutical, through opt-in or opt-out registration on another Website.Use of personal information
By completing any forms on our
Website you grant Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC the right to use the
collected information for our own marketing purposes only, including
e-mails from us to you to announce new products and, or, product
promotions. We will not share any of your personal information with
3rd parties. Where we collect your information
We collect information in several ways from different parts of the Website. From the visitors to our Website, we track domain, host, and/or Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Some personally identifiable information is gathered when you register in part or in full for one of our many services or promotions. We may also ask you for personally identifiable information at other times, including when you report a problem with the Website. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence, as well. From time to time, Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC may ask users to complete surveys that we use for research or other purposes. We may also offer users the opportunity to utilize other resources, services, forms, or tools, from which we may also collect your personal information.Cookies
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. In addition, we may use pixel tags (also knows as clear gifs) to track some of the pages you visit on our website. Generally, we use cookies to: Remind us of who you are and to access your registration preferences to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. Cookies enable us to retain our users preferences on the Website without having to re-enter information every time they access the Website. estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing the Website is given a unique cookie, which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage and to help us communicate with you. This information collected by cookies is sometimes called "clickstream" or "click trail" and may also describe which pages you have seen. Measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of the Company web site you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on the Website a better one. We may use this information to better present the content that users will see on our site.Credit card information
To the extent that credit card-specific information is collected at the Website and any of our affiliates and/or subsidiaries, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties (other than consumer credit agencies) without your prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC and our affiliates and/or subsidiaries reserve the right to share with third parties the fact that they have credit card information on file for specific users but they will not share specific credit card information with third parties without the user's prior informed consent.
Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC is enrolled in Trustwave's Trusted Commerce program to validate compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) mandated by all the major credit card associations including: American Express, Diners Club, Discover, JCB, MasterCard Worldwide, Visa, Inc. and Visa Europe.Based upon information provided by Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC regarding its policies, procedures, and technical systems that store, process and/or transmit cardholder data, Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC has performed the required procedures to validate compliance with the PCI DSS, the best practices designed to protect merchants and consumers from data security breaches and fraud.Disclaimer Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC does not endorse, nor is the Company responsible for the accuracy of or the Advertiser's compliance with, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of each of the Advertisers websites. The entities that advertise and/or place banner ads on the Website, including, but not limited to Advertisers, are independent third parties and not affiliated with Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC.Unpermitted use INDIVIDUALS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY SERVICE OR PROMOTION OFFERED ON OR THROUGH Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC. No information should be submitted to, or posted at Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC by visitors under 18 years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the activities of their children.
Acceptance of Policy By accessing Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC and/or submitting any information to us, you agree to this policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time. All Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Therefore, you should check this page regularly to review the in effect Policy at that time. Your continued use of the Website or acceptance of our emails following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean that you accept these changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not submit any personal information on this or any Company Websites.Wireless Policy We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising. In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence. You may opt-out and remove your SMS information by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. If you remove your SMS information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you.
Copyright © 2017 Phase4 Pharmaceutical, LLC - All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to order.
We Mail Worldwide
Enter Your Email And Get 40% OFF Your First Purchase
And Special Promotions And Free Offers!
Thanks for signing up!Be sure to respond to the Opt-In Email you will receive. Check your spam folder if you don't see it in a few minutes.Once you activate your subscription you will receive a Welcome Email with your Discount Promo Code
Email Address First Name Get Promo Code