http://www.ethocynproducts.com/pages/terms-of-use
Skip to content
HomeShop
Shop AllFind Your Match: Ethocyn Serum QuizMeet Our Serums
SubscriptionsFAQCOVID-19
Our Resonse to COVID-19"Thank You to Our Heroes" Nomination
Contact
Account
Search
Cart
Your cart is empty
These Terms of Use, and any documents referred to herein, set out the terms and conditions on which you are permitted to use our website, https://shopethocyn.com (our "website"). By using our website, you agree to be bound by, and to comply with, these Terms of Use.
These Terms of Use are effective from September 1, 2019.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully. We recommend that you print off a copy of these Terms of Use for your records, as well as any future versions of them, as we may update them from time to time.
If for any reason whatsoever you do not agree to these Terms of Use or do not wish to be bound them, you must not access or use our website.
OUR DETAILS
Grey Pacific Science Inc. ("we", "our" and "us") operates this website
Grey Pacific Science Inc. is a corporation incorporated in California, USA
Our address is 10866 WIlshire Blvd, Floor 4, Los Angeles CA 90024
Our contact email address is info@ethocyn.com
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Grey Pacific Science Inc. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Grey Pacific Science Inc. Grey Pacific Science Inc. offers this website, including all information, tools and services available from this site to you, the user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions, policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”, “Terms”), including those additional terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by hyperlink. These Terms of Use apply to all users of the site, including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers, merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before accessing or using our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or use any services. If these Terms of Use are considered an offer, acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Use.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall also be subject to the Terms of Use. You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time on this page. We reserve the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
SECTION 1 - ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent that you are the age of 18 years or older and have the power to enter into a binding contract with us and not be barred from doing so under any applicable laws; or (b) 13 years or older and have your parent or guardian's consent to the Terms of Use. The Website is not intended for children under the age of 13 and no person under the age of 13 may use the Website. If you use the Website, you are affirming that you are at least 13 years old.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 - GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or any contact on the website through which the service is provided, without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 – PROTECTION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS AND LICENSE.
You acknowledge that content available through the website, including, without limitation, content in the form of text, graphics, software, music, sound, photographs, and videos, and content provided by suppliers, sponsors, or third-party advertisers ("Intellectual Property Rights"), is protected by copyright, trademarks, patents, or other proprietary rights and laws. You are hereby granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable, limited license to view, copy and print content retrieved from the website for the sole purpose of using or placing an order via the website, provided that you do not remove or obscure the copyright notice or other notices displayed on the content. Except as expressly provided in, nothing contained in these Terms or on the website shall be construed as conferring any other license or right, expressly, by implication, by estoppel, or otherwise under any of our or a third party's Intellectual Property Rights. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
SECTION 4 - ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to our site.
SECTION 5 - MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service (or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 6 - PRODUCTS OR SERVICES (if applicable)
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction. We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
If you order a product, payment must be received prior to our acceptance of the order. We may require additional information regarding your order if you have not provided all of the information required, and may cancel or limit an order any time after it has been placed.
Your order is expressly conditioned on acceptance of these Terms of Use. Once a properly completed order, your authorization and a form of payment has been received, we will promptly locate the item(s) you have ordered to place them in line for shipment. All items are subject to availability. We will promptly inform you if the product(s) you have ordered are not available and we may offer you alternative product(s) of equal quality and value.
We do not accept orders from dealers, wholesalers, or customers who intend to resell items offered on the website. If we discover that you are placing orders with the intent to resell items offered on the website, we will immediately cancel your order, suspend or terminate your account, and pursue any and all available legal remedies from you under applicable law. To the extent your conduct may be fraudulent, such as purchasing products through the use of fake or stolen cards, we will also report you to federal, state and/or local enforcements authorities.
We may add applicable shipping and handling fees to your order. Unless otherwise noted, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to ship products within a reasonable time after receipt of your properly completed order. Although we may provide delivery or shipment timeframes or dates, you understand that those are our good-faith estimates and may be subject to change. You further understand that product availability may be limited and particular products may not be available for immediate delivery, in which case the products will be delivered when they become available. If your order will be delayed (either from the date specified at the time of order or, if no date was specified, beyond 30 days from the date of your order, we will use reasonable good faith efforts to contact you. If we cannot contact you or you no longer wish to receive the item, we will cancel the order and promptly refund the amount tendered, and will do so within 7 business days if made using third-party credit card, such as a Visa or MasterCard. We shall not be liable for any loss, damage, cost, or expense related to any delay in shipment or delivery. All items purchased from the website are delivered to shipment carriers. The risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. We may reject orders where the stated delivery address is outside the United States.
In the United States, we are required to collect applicable state and local sales tax on orders shipped to certain states. Taxes apply to most merchandise. Some taxing authorities also require the taxable amount to include any shipping and handling charges, while others charge sales tax only on merchandise. We are required to follow the rules of each state. Your final order total will include the appropriate state and local taxes.
SECTION 7 - ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 8 - OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools “as is” and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of Use.
SECTION 9 - THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the third-party's policies and practices and make sure you understand them before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the third-party.
SECTION 10 - USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas, suggestions, proposals, plans, photographs, audio, videos or other materials, whether online, by email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, 'comments'), you agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy, publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive, threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these Terms of Use.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 11 - PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 12 - ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in the Service or on any related website, including without limitation, pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 13 - PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Use, you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame, slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others; (i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent the security features of the Service or any related website, other websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited uses.
SECTION 14 - DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by us) provided 'as is' and 'as available' for your use, without any representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose, durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall Grey Pacific Science Inc., our directors, officers, employees, affiliates, agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind, including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings, loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise, arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent permitted by law.
SECTION 15 – INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Grey Pacific Science Inc. and our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents, contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers, interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising out of your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents they incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third-party.
SECTION 16 – SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Use is determined to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms of Use, such determination shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 17 – TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all purposes.
These Terms of Use are effective unless and until terminated by either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Use, we also may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or any part thereof).
SECTION 18 - ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.
These Terms of Use and any policies or operating rules posted by us on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements, communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of Use).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Use shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 19 – PRE-DISPUTE, MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
PLEASE READ THESE PROVISIONS CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND YOUR RIGHTS. YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM THAT YOU MAY HAVE IN THE FUTURE MUST BE RESOLVED THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY. THE RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IF YOU WENT TO COURT, SUCH AS DISCOVERY OR THE RIGHT TO APPEAL, MAY BE MORE LIMITED OR MAY NOT EXIST.
YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY ONLY BRING A CLAIM IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS OR CLAIMS OR OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING.
Generally. Arbitration is a method of resolving a Claim without filing a lawsuit. “Claim” means any dispute between you, us, and/or any involved third party relating to your account, Your Use (defined here), your relationship with us, or these Terms of Use. This includes any and all claims that relate in any way to your use of the products, your attempted use of the products, and any act or omission by us or any third party related to your use or attempted use of the products. You, us, or any involved third party may pursue a Claim. We agree to binding arbitration should it have any Claims against you. Likewise, you agree to binding arbitration should you have any Claims against us. By agreeing to arbitrate, you waive the right to go to court and agree instead to submit any Claims to binding arbitration. This arbitration provision sets forth the terms and conditions of our agreement to binding arbitration and is governed by and enforceable under the Federal Arbitration Act (the “FAA”), 9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16, as amended.
Exceptions to Binding Arbitration. As an exception to binding arbitration, you and we both retain the right to pursue, in a small claims court, any claim that is within that court's jurisdiction and proceeds on an individual (non-class) basis. We will not demand arbitration in connection with any individual claim that you properly file and pursue in a small claims court, so long as the claim is pending only in that court. Binding arbitration also does not apply to disputes concerning trade secret misappropriation, patent infringement, copyright infringement or misuse, or trademark infringement or dilution.
Mandatory Pre-Dispute Procedures. You acknowledge and agree that before initiating any Claim (subject to the exceptions above) against us, you will first give us an opportunity to resolve your problem or dispute. This includes sending a written description of your problem or dispute to us, including, but not limited to, information or representations related to our products and upon which you rely. You may send the written description by U.S. Mail to Grey Pacific Science, 10866 Wilshire Blvd, 4th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90024; Attn: General Counsel. You agree to negotiate with us in good faith about your problem or dispute. If for some reason your problem or dispute is not resolved to your satisfaction within 60 days after our receipt of your written dispute, you agree to the dispute resolution provisions below.
Commencement of Arbitration. You and we agree to commence any arbitration proceeding within 1 year after the Claim arises (including the mandatory pre-dispute procedures outlined above) and that any proceeding commenced after 1 year shall be barred.
Arbitration Location. For your convenience, the arbitration may be conducted in the federal district where you reside. It may be held by telephone or through written submissions if both you and we agree.
Sponsoring Organization, Rules and the Arbitrator. You agree that any Claims shall be resolved by submitting the dispute to final and binding arbitration before a single arbitrator who is a retired judge or an experienced attorney with experience in the subject(s) of the Claim. The arbitrator shall be chosen from JAMS Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures and the arbitration rules of the selected tribunal shall apply, which can be obtained by calling the selected tribunal.
The arbitrator shall have the exclusive and sole authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, construction, validity, applicability, or enforceability of these Terms of Use and this arbitration provision. The arbitrator shall have the exclusive and sole authority to determine whether this arbitration agreement can be enforced against a non-signatory to this agreement and whether a non-signatory to this agreement can enforce this provision against you or us.
Arbitration Fees. The parties shall each pay their own additional fees, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, those for any attorneys, experts, documents, and witnesses.
Arbitration Award. The arbitrator shall follow substantive law and may order any relief if permitted by law. The arbitrator may award any form of individual relief, including injunctions and punitive damages, so long as they are in accordance with applicable law. The arbitrator may award costs or fees to a prevailing party, but only if the law expressly allows it. Although we may have a right to an award of attorneys' fees and expenses under some laws if it prevails, we agree that it will not seek such an award, unless your Claims are determined by the arbitrator to be frivolous. Nothing herein shall be construed to limit the arbitrator's ability to award remedies provided by applicable law. Any award rendered shall include a written opinion and shall be final, subject to appeal under the FAA.
Enforceability. This provision survives termination of your account or relationship with us, bankruptcy, assignment or transfer. If the class action waiver is deemed unenforceable (i.e., unenforceability would allow arbitration to proceed as a class or representative action), then this entire arbitration provision shall be rendered null and void and shall not apply. If a portion of this arbitration provision (other than the class action waiver) is deemed unenforceable, the remaining portions of this arbitration provision shall remain in full force and effect.
Miscellaneous. Failure or any delay in enforcing this arbitration provision in connection with any particular Claims will not constitute a waiver of any rights to require arbitration at a later time or in connection with any other Claims. This provision is the entire arbitration agreement between you and us and shall not be modified except in writing by us.
Amendments. We reserve the right to amend this arbitration provision at any time. Your continued use of any of our Websites, purchase of our product, or use or attempted use of our product, is affirmation of your consent to such changes. Should the changes to this arbitration provision be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to opt-out. Your continued use of any of our Websites, purchase of our product, or use or attempted use of our product, is affirmation of your consent to such material changes.
YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION WITHIN 30 DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE, USE, OR ATTEMPTED USE OF OUR PRODUCT (WHICHEVER COMES FIRST) BY WRITING TO:
Grey Pacific Science Inc.
10866 Wilshire Blvd, 4th Floor
Los Angeles, CA 90024 USA
ATTN: General Counsel.
FOR YOUR OPT-OUT TO BE EFFECTIVE, YOU MUST SUBMIT A SIGNED WRITTEN NOTICE IDENTIFYING ANY OF OUR PRODUCT YOU PURCHASED, USED OR ATTEMPTED TO USE WITHIN THE 30 DAYS AND THE DATE YOU FIRST PURCHASED, USED OR ATTEMPTED TO USE OUR PRODUCTS. UNTIMELY OPT-OUTS WILL NOT BE VALID AND YOU MUST THEN PURSUE YOUR CLAIM THROUGH ARBITRATION PURSUANT TO THESE TERMS.
SECTION 20 - GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Use and any separate agreements whereby we provide you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of California, USA.
SECTION 21 - CHANGES TO Terms of Use
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Use at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of Use by posting updates and changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of Use constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 22 - CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Use should be sent to us at info@ethocyn.com.