http://www.leisure-promotions.co.uk/policies/terms-of-service
Free UK DPD Delivery | All Orders Over £50
COVID-19Metal Detectors
BeginnersNokta | Makro
Nokta Makro DetectorsNokta Makro AccessoriesMinelab
Minelab DetectorsMinelab AccessoriesMinelab EquinoxXP Metal Detectors
XP DetectorsXP AccessoriesXP PartsGarrett
Garrett DetectorsGarrett AccessoriesC.SCOPEDeepTechPre LovedAccessories
Batteries & ChargersBooksBox CoversCarry BagsClothingCoil CoversCoilsCoin CasesDigging ToolsFinds PouchesGift CardsHeadphonesPro PointersSearcher AccessoriesSnake SkinzOther Assorted AccessoriesChristmas Ideas
Christmas EssentialsChristmas up to £10 Gift IdeasChristmas up to £30 Gift IdeasChristmas BooksE-Gift CardE-Gift CardSearcherFree ReturnsLP Loyalty
Terms of service
In using this website you are deemed to have read and agreed to the following terms and conditions: The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice and any or all Agreements: "Client", “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. "The Company", “Ourselves”, “We” and "Us", refers to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing English Law. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural, capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.Pricing and discountsAll pricing is subject to change at any time. Discounts and promotions (including codes) are not guaranteed and can be product specific. Discounts cannot be combined with orders paid with V12 Retail Finance.Minelab Equinox 600, Minelab Equinox 800, Nokta Makro Simplex+, Gift Vouchers, Pre Orders and Pre Loved purchases are excluded from all discounts and promotions. Privacy StatementWe are committed to protecting your privacy. Authorised employees within the company on a need to know basis only use any information collected from individual customers. We constantly review our systems and data to ensure the best possible service to our customers. Parliament has created specific offences for unauthorised actions against computer systems and data. We will investigate any such actions with a view to prosecuting and/or taking civil proceedings to recover damages against those responsible ConfidentialityWe are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and as such, any information concerning the Client and their respective Client Records may be passed to third parties. However, Client records are regarded as confidential and therefore will not be divulged to any third party, other than [our manufacturer/supplier(s) and] if legally required to do so to the appropriate authorities. Clients have the right to request sight of, and copies of any and all Client Records we keep, on the proviso that we are given reasonable notice of such a request. Clients are requested to retain copies of any literature issued in relation to the provision of our services. Where appropriate, we shall issue Client’s with appropriate written information, handouts or copies of records as part of an agreed contract, for the benefit of both parties. We will not sell, share, or rent your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any emails sent by this Company will only be in connection with the provision of agreed services and products.
Disclaimer
Exclusions and LimitationsThe information on this web site is provided on an "as is" basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, this Company:§   excludes all representations and warranties relating to this website and its contents or which is or may be provided by any affiliates or any other third party, including in relation to any inaccuracies or omissions in this website and/or the Company’s literature; and§   excludes all liability for damages arising out of or in connection with your use of this website. This includes, without limitation, direct loss, loss of business or profits (whether or not the loss of such profits was foreseeable, arose in the normal course of things or you have advised this Company of the possibility of such potential loss), damage caused to your computer, computer software, systems and programs and the data thereon or any other direct or indirect, consequential and incidental damages.This Company does not however exclude liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence. The above exclusions and limitations apply only to the extent permitted by law. None of your statutory rights as a consumer are affected.
Payment
All major Credit/Debit Cards are acceptable methods of payment. Our Terms are payment in full within five days. All goods remain the property of the Company until paid for in full. Monies that remains outstanding by the due date will incur late payment interest at the rate of 2% above the prevailing Bank of England's base rate on the outstanding balance until such time as the balance is paid in full and final settlement. We reserve the right to seek recovery of any monies remaining unpaid sixty days from the date of invoice via collection Agencies and/or through the Small Claims Court in the event that the outstanding balance does not exceed £3000. In such circumstances, you shall be liable for any and all additional administrative and/or court costs.   Availability Unless otherwise stated, the products featured on this website are only available within the United Kingdom, or in relation to postings from the United Kingdom. All advertising is intended solely for the United Kingdom market. You are solely responsible for evaluating the fitness for a particular purpose of any downloads, programs and text available through this site. Redistribution or republication of any part of this site or its content is prohibited, including such by framing or other similar or any other means, without the express written consent of the Company. The Company does not warrant that the service from this site will be uninterrupted, timely or error free, although it is provided to the best ability. By using this service you thereby indemnify this Company, its employees, agents and affiliates against any loss or damage, in whatever manner, howsoever caused.  Log FilesWe use IP addresses to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information. Additionally, for systems administration, detecting usage patterns and troubleshooting purposes, our web servers automatically log standard access information including browser type, access times/open mail, URL requested, and referral URL. This information is not shared with third parties and is used only within this Company on a need-to-know basis. Any individually identifiable information related to this data will never be used in any way different to that stated above without your explicit permission.  CookiesLike most interactive web sites this Company’s website [or ISP] uses cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our affiliate partners may also use cookies.  Links to this websiteYou may not create a link to any page of this website without our prior written consent. If you do create a link to a page of this website you do so at your own risk and the exclusions and limitations set out above will apply to your use of this website by linking to it.
Links from this websiteWe do not monitor or review the content of other party’s websites which are linked to from this website. Opinions expressed or material appearing on such websites are not necessarily shared or endorsed by us and should not be regarded as the publisher of such opinions or material. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices, or content, of these sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site & to read the privacy statements of these sites. You should evaluate the security and trustworthiness of any other site connected to this site or accessed through this site yourself, before disclosing any personal information to them. This Company will not accept any responsibility for any loss or damage in whatever manner, howsoever caused, resulting from your disclosure to third parties of personal information.  Copyright NoticeCopyright and other relevant intellectual property rights exists on all text relating to the Company’s services and the full content of this website.   CommunicationWe have several different e-mail addresses for different queries. These, & other contact information, can be found on our Contact Us link on our website or via Company literature or via the Company’s stated telephone, facsimile or mobile telephone numbers.
This company is registered in England and Wales, Number 04865165, registered office Leisure Promotions, Unit 8, Kennet Centre, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 5EN.
Force Majeure
Neither party shall be liable to the other for any failure to perform any obligation under any Agreement which is due to an event beyond the control of such party including but not limited to any Act of God, terrorism, war, Political insurgence, insurrection, riot, civil unrest, act of civil or military authority, uprising, earthquake, flood or any other natural or man made eventuality outside of our control, which causes the termination of an agreement or contract entered into, nor which could have been reasonably foreseen. Any Party affected by such event shall forthwith inform the other Party of the same and shall use all reasonable endeavours to comply with the terms and conditions of any Agreement contained herein.  WaiverFailure of either Party to insist upon strict performance of any provision of this or any Agreement or the failure of either Party to exercise any right or remedy to which it, he or they are entitled hereunder shall not constitute a waiver thereof and shall not cause a diminution of the obligations under this or any Agreement. No waiver of any of the provisions of this or any Agreement shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be such and signed by both Parties.
General
The laws of England and Wales govern these terms and conditions. By accessing this website [and using our services/buying our products] you consent to these terms and conditions and to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts in all disputes arising out of such access. If any of these terms are deemed invalid or unenforceable for any reason (including, but not limited to the exclusions and limitations set out above), then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be severed from these terms and the remaining terms will continue to apply. Failure of the Company to enforce any of the provisions set out in these Terms and Conditions and any Agreement, or failure to exercise any option to terminate, shall not be construed as waiver of such provisions and shall not affect the validity of these Terms and Conditions or of any Agreement or any part thereof, or the right thereafter to enforce each and every provision. These Terms and Conditions shall not be amended, modified, varied or supplemented except in writing and signed by duly authorised representatives of the Company.The customer only rallies mentioned throughout this site are only applicable to people purchasing New Metal Detectors from our showroom at the prices advertised. Second hand machine purchases do not automatically give you free membership to our club. Pricing in store can differ from those advertised on this website. please contact us for further details.Notification of ChangesThe Company reserves the right to change these conditions from time to time as it sees fit and your continued use of the site will signify your acceptance of any adjustment to these terms. If there are any changes to our privacy policy, we will announce that these changes have been made on our home page and on other key pages on our site. If there are any changes in how we use our site customers’ Personally Identifiable Information, notification by e-mail or postal mail will be made to those affected by this change. Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted on our web site 30 days prior to these changes taking place. You are therefore advised to re-read this statement on a regular basisCompetitions & Prize Draws
The closing date is stated on each individual prize draw or competition.
Only one entry per prize draw/competition, per person.
All prizes are subject to availability, and Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD reserves the right to replace the prize with an alternative product or colour of equal or higher value if necessary at the promoters' discretion.
No purchase necessary.
Prize draws and competitions are only open to UK residents aged 18 years or over.
The promotions are open to employees of Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD - with the exception of any employees (and their families), their agents or related third parties who are directly connected with the administration of the competitions.
Winner(s) will be selected at random after the closing date by an independent judge from all entries received. The judge's decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into.
Winner(s) will be notified by email or telephone (using the details provided at entry) within 6 weeks of the closing date. Following such notification, the winner will be required to send Leisure Promotions (Nebwury) LTD full details of their postal address to which the Prize will be delivered (if applicable).
If Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD cannot: (i) contact the winner (via the details provided at the date of entry) within a reasonable period of time (to be established at Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD's sole discretion); or (ii) the winner does not return details of its postal address to Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD within 14 days of notification that they have won the Prize, Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD reserves the right to re-draw a winner of the Promotion and thereafter until a winner on these terms is found.
Please allow 28 days for delivery of the Prize. Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD accepts no responsibility for the Prize being lost, damaged or delayed in the post.
By entering any of Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD prize draws and competitions you agree to having your name, details and photo published online or in a future Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD prize draws and competitions.
Unless otherwise stated, the promoter is Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD, 18 Orchard Business Park, Kingsclere, RG20 4SY. A list of winners will be available six weeks after the closing date by sending a SAE to Leisure Promotions (Newbury) LTD Prize Draws and Competitions at the above address.
These terms and conditions form part of the Agreement between the Client and ourselves. Your accessing of this website and/or undertaking of a booking or Agreement indicates your understanding, agreement to and acceptance, of the Disclaimer Notice and the full Terms and Conditions contained herein. Your statutory Consumer Rights are unaffected.   © Leisure Promotions 2019 All Rights Reserved