http://www.zdag.com/terms.jsp
Cart Login My Account Sign Up help
Santa ClaraWelcome Guest
Coming Soon
Terms of Use
Acceptance of Terms of Use
These Terms of Use govern your use of the ZDAG Web site. By using, visiting, or browsing the ZDAG Web site, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to these Terms of Use, you should not use the ZDAG Web site.
Changes to Terms of Use
ZDAG LLC has the right to change its Terms of use at any time. The latest "Terms of Use" will supercede all earlier versions. You can always view the latest Terms of Use at any time on our web site. After any change your usage of the site will mean that you agree to all the terms defined.
Products
We would like you to use our services for the whole family, so we serve you with Bollywood/ Indian DVDs, Hollywood DVDs, Audio Books, Video Games, and Music CDs. We may use different packaging for different media, please send them back as they were mailed to you. This is necessary for the protection of our discs. We will be very happy to take requests from you if you would like us to broaden our scope of services and products. For any plan, you can have a maximum of two Video Games only.
Content
All contents are for viewing/listening/ or playing while you still have the media. Under no circumstances you are allowed to download or copy any content and keep it with you. If you copy any content to any storage media like hard drive or an iPOD kind of device, you are required to delete it when returning the disk back.
Privacy
Any information submitted on the ZDAG Web site is subject to our Privacy Policy, the terms of which are incorporated herein. Please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices.
Membership and Billing
You can find the specific details regarding your subscription with ZDAG at anytime by clicking on the "Your Account" link, located at the top of the pages of the ZDAG Web site.
Billing
You agree that as long as you are a subscriber to our web site, we will charge your credit card the monthly fee associated with your membership plan plus applicable sales tax and any other charges that you may incur while using our services.The membership fee will be charged at the beginning of your subscription and then on the same date of every month (or the last day of the month if that date doesn't come on the current month. e.x. if the subscription was started on 31st March then the next charge will be on 30th April and so on).If there are any changes to terms/prices of membership, you will be given advance notice. You can always go to 'my account' and view details of your next charge, billing history, terms etc.
Automatic Renewals
Your ZDAG subscription will be automatically renewed on a monthly basis. For your convenience, we will charge the monthly subscription fee to the credit card you provide to us during registration (or to a different credit card if you change your account information). Your membership will automatically renew for successive monthly subscriptions, without prior notice to you, unless and until you cancel your membership or we terminate it. You must cancel your membership before it renews in order to avoid billing of subscription fees to your credit card.
Delivery and Return of Rented Discs
We use the U.S. Postal Service, first-class postage prepaid, to delivery and return the discs you have selected to rent. Actual delivery times may vary for you depending on (i) our inventory availability, (ii) your delivery address, (iii) when you place your order and (iv) circumstances impacting delivery by the U.S. Postal Service. We will send you an e-mail letting you know when we have shipped your disc and the Estimated time of arrival (ETA).
Cancellation
As noted above, you may cancel your subscription to ZDAG at anytime. To cancel, click the "Your Account" tab and follow the instructions under the heading "Cancel Your Rental Membership." We do not provide refunds or credits for any partial monthly subscription periods. Upon cancellation, you will be given seven (7) days to return any outstanding rentals. Failure to return such rentals will result in your credit card being billed for such items.
Account Access
In order to provide you with ease of access to your account, ZDAG LLC will place a cookie (a small text file) on any computer from which you access the ZDAG Web site. When you revisit the ZDAG web site, this cookie will enable us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.
Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability
The ZDAG Web site and its contents are provided "as is" and we make no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the ZDAG Web site or its contents. We assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the ZDAG Web site, any failures, delays, or interruptions in the shipment of discs, delivery of any content contained on the ZDAG Web site, any losses or damages arising from the use of the content provided on the ZDAG Web site, or any conduct by users of the ZDAG web site. We reserve the right to ship discs in our sole discretion. We disclaim all representations and warranties, including, for example, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In addition, we do not represent or warrant that the information accessible via our site is accurate, complete or current.
In no event shall ZDAG, its shareholders, directors, officers, or employees be liable (jointly or severally) to you for any special, incidental, indirect or consequential damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not advised of the possibility of damage, and on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of this information. If any applicable authority holds any portion of this section to be unenforceable, then liability will be limited to the fullest possible extent permitted by applicable law.
The reviews are opinions of people who have entered on our site and we make no claims for them to be right or wrong or good or bad. They should be treated exactly as opinions. ZDAG would not held liable for any loss due to those opinions, reviews, advices, warnings or other content.We welcome you to post reviews on Movies, Games, Audio Books, CDs as long as they are readable (not obscene, threatening, damaging, defamatory, or objectionable). You will not falsify your email address or put misleading origins for your contribution. Our editors may change or delete your input if they find it to be not suitable, when and if they review, without any notice.
Corrections
For errors on our web site pages we would be very happy to receive notes from you for updates, changes, and typos. There is a lot of information that is being entered on a daily basis by many individuals (all in US) and there are always chances of data having errors.
Intellectual Property Copyright
All content included on the ZDAG Web site, including text, graphics, logos, designs, photographs, button icons, images, audio/video clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of ZDAG LLC or its suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of ZDAG LLC and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. They should not be reproduced or used without express written permission from ZDAG.
Use of Information Submitted
ZDAG LLC is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques contained in any communication you may send to the ZDAG Web site without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the ZDAG Web site or other Web sites. Furthermore, by posting any information on our site, you grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free license to display, use, reproduce or modify that information.
Your Conduct on the ZDAG Web Site
By accessing the ZDAG Web site, you agree not to upload, post, email or otherwise send or transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the ZDAG Web site. You also agree not to interfere with the servers or networks connected to the ZDAG Web site or to violate any of the procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the ZDAG Web site, the terms of which are incorporated herein. You also agree not to impersonate any other person while using the ZDAG Web site, conduct yourself in a vulgar or offensive manner while using our service, or use the ZDAG Web site for any unlawful purpose.
Limitations on Use
You must be 18 years of age or older to use the ZDAG service. Unless otherwise specified, the content on the ZDAG Web site is for your personal and non-commercial use and we grant you a limited license to access the ZDAG Web site for that purpose. You may not download (other than through page caching necessary for personal use), modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale any information contained on, or obtained from, the ZDAG Web site without our express written consent. Any unauthorized use of the ZDAG Web site or its contents will terminate the limited license granted by us.
Right to Terminate
We reserve the right to terminate or restrict your use of our service, without notice, for any or no reason whatsoever.
Links
Some of the hyperlinks on the ZDAG Web site may lead to other Web sites that are not controlled by, or affiliated with, ZDAG LLC. In addition, other Web sites may link to the ZDAG Web site. ZDAG has not reviewed these Web sites and is not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these Web sites.
Rewards
The current scheme for rewarding our members for referring others to come and try our services is by giving them discount on their own membership fees. For each patron subscribing to our services due to a member's reference, the member gets 10% from their fees up to 10 months provided the new patron keep his/her service running for those 10 months. Any break in that service breaks the chain of discounts the original patron gets. There is no limit to how many discounts he/she can get with the "Referral Reward Program". For each patron that signs up because of your prodding you get 10 points every month (up to 10 months). For each 10 points you get 10% off that month. If you happen to accumulate more than 100 points, then we use 100 points to make your fees zero for the month and the remaining points are saved for the subsequent months.
Back to Home Page
|  About Us
|  FAQs
|  Terms
|  Privacy Policy
|  Comments
|  Refer a Friend
|  Contact Us
|  Explore Services
|
A DVD Disc Repair Machine Simo dsr1 ZDAG 102
ZDAG 102 DVD Disc Repair Machine
Copyright © 2003-2012, ZDAG LLC All rights reserved.
If you have any questions or feedback on the website, please contact Support.
Use of this website constitutes acceptance of the ZDAG Terms & Conditions.
Home of the only Hollywood DVD, Bollywood DVD, AudioBook Rental place on the planet.