https://www.peakrock.com/terms-and-conditions
£ Currency
€ Euro
£ Pound Sterling
$ US Dollar
+44 7851 374 917 | +44 20 7498 8333
sales@peakrock.com
My Account
Register
Login
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Categories
Wall Hanging Systems
All in One Systems (4)
Clip Rail System (40)
Clip Rail Max System (39)
Clip Rail Extra - Heavy Duty System (38)
Clip Rail Smart - Heavy Duty System (37)
Brass Rod Rail System (29)
J-Rail System (35)
Cornice Picture Hanging System (2)
Plaster Rail System (1)
Paper/Poster Rail System (9)
Traditional Hanging System (31)
Show All Wall Hanging Systems
Ceiling Hanging Systems
All in One Systems (2)
C-Rail (32)
P-Rail - Heavy Duty (31)
U-Rail (27)
Drop Ceiling Rail (1)
Plasterboard rail (1)
Show All Ceiling Hanging Systems
Picture Hanging Kits
Hanging Accessories
Screen/Panel Systems (30)
General Hanging Supplies (11)
Hanging Hooks (27)
Hanging Wires & Cables (13)
Show All Hanging Accessories
Display Systems
Cable Display Systems (0)
Display Easels and Print Browsers (10)
Show All Display Systems
Glass Shelves
Clearance Sale
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
As we can accept your order and make a legally enforceable agreement without further reference to you, you must read these terms and conditions to make sure that they contain all that you want and nothing that you are not happy with.
If you are not sure about anything, just phone us on
020 8320 8800.
Application
These Terms and Conditions will apply to the purchase of the goods by you (the Customer or you).
We are Peak Rock a company registered in England and Wales under number 4865857 whose registered office is at Unit 4, Horizon Business Centre,
Alder Close, Veridion Park, Erith,
Kent,
DA18 4AJ
with
email address sales@peakrock.com;
telephone number 020 8320 8800;
(the Supplier or us or we).
These are the terms on which we sell all Goods to you. By ordering any of the Goods, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
Before placing an order on the Website, you will be asked to agree to these Terms and Conditions by clicking on the button marked 'I Accept'. If you do not click on the button, you will not be able to complete your Order.
You can only purchase the Goods from the Website if you are eligible to enter into a contract and are at least 18 years old.
Interpretation
Customer means an individual acting for purposes which are wholly or mainly outside his or her trade, business, craft or profession;
Contract means the legally-binding agreement between you and us for the supply of the Goods;
Delivery Location means the Supplier's premises or other location where the Goods are to be supplied, as set out in the Order;
Durable Medium means paper or email, or any other medium that allows information to be addressed personally to the recipient, enables the recipient to store the information in a way accessible for future reference for a period that is long enough for the purposes of the information, and allows the unchanged reproduction of the information stored;
Goods means the goods advertised on the Website that we supply to you of the number and description as set out in the Order;
Order means the Customer's order for the Goods from the Supplier as submitted following the step by step process set out on the Website;
Privacy Policy means the terms which set out how we will deal with confidential and personal information received from you via the Website;
Website means our website www.peakrock.com on which the Goods are advertised.
Goods
The description of the Goods is as set out in the Website, catalogues, brochures or other form of advertisement. Any description is for illustrative purposes only and there may be small discrepancies in the size and colour of the Goods supplied.
In the case of any Goods made to your special requirements, it is your responsibility to ensure that any information or specification you provide is accurate.
All Goods which appear on the Website are subject to availability.
We can make changes to the Goods which are necessary to comply with any applicable law or safety requirement.
We will notify you of these changes.
Personal information
We retain and use all information strictly under the Privacy Policy.
We may contact you by using e-mail or other electronic communication methods and by pre-paid post and you expressly agree to this.
Basis of Sale
The description of the Goods in our website does not constitute a contractual offer to sell the Goods. When an Order has been submitted on the Website, we can reject it for any reason, although we will try to tell you the reason without delay.
The Order process is set out on the Website.
Each step allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting the Order.
It is your responsibility to check that you have used the ordering process correctly.
A Contract will be formed for the sale of Goods ordered only when you receive an email from us confirming the Order (Order Confirmation).
You must ensure that the Order Confirmation is complete and accurate and inform us immediately of any errors.
We are not responsible for any inaccuracies in the Order placed by you.
By placing an Order you agree to us giving you confirmation of the Contract by means of an email with all information in it (ie the Order Confirmation).
You will receive the Order Confirmation within a reasonable time after making the Contract, but in any event not later than the delivery of any Goods supplied under the Contract.
Any quotation is valid for a maximum period of
30
days
from its date, unless we expressly withdraw it at an earlier time.
No variation of the Contract, whether about description of the Goods, Fees or otherwise, can be made after it has been entered into unless the variation is agreed by the Customer and the Supplier in writing.
We intend that these Terms and Conditions apply only to a Contract entered into by you as a Customer.
If this is not the case, you must tell us, so that we can provide you with a different contract with terms which are more appropriate for you and which might, in some respects, be better for you, eg by giving you rights as a business.
Price and Payment
The price of the Goods and any additional delivery or other charges is that set out on the Website at the date of the Order or such other price as we may agree in writing.
Prices and charges include VAT at the rate applicable at the time of the Order.
You must pay by submitting your credit or debit card details with your Order and we can take payment immediately or otherwise before delivery of the Goods.
Delivery
We will deliver the Goods, to the Delivery Location by the time or within the agreed period or, failing any agreement, without undue delay and, in any event, not more than 30 days after the day on which the Contract is entered into.
In any case, regardless of events beyond our control, if we do not deliver the Goods on time, you can (in addition to any other remedies) treat the Contract at an end if:
we have refused to deliver the Goods, or if delivery on time is essential taking into account all the relevant circumstances at the time the Contract was made, or you said to us before the Contract was made that delivery on time was essential; or
after we have failed to deliver on time, you have specified a later period which is appropriate to the circumstances and we have not delivered within that period.
We do deliver worldwide but operate mostly within England and Wales,
Scotland, Northern Ireland, the Isle of Man and Channels Islands. If,
however, the Order comes from outside that area, you may need
to pay import duties or other taxes, as we will not pay them.You agree we may deliver the Goods in instalments in cases of "use custom made products from multiple manufacturers" or/and if we suffer a
shortage of stock or other genuine and fair reason, subject to the above
provisions and provided you are not liable for extra charges.If you or your nominee fail, through no fault of ours, to take
delivery of the Goods at the Delivery Location, we may charge the
reasonable costs of storing and redelivering them.The Goods will become your responsibility from the completion of
delivery or Customer collection. You must, if reasonably practicable,
examine the Goods before accepting them.Refunds
If you treat the Contract at an end, we will (in addition to other
remedies) promptly return all payments made under the Contract. You are entitled to a refund as
long as you inform us of your decision to cancel within 14 calendar days
from the day after delivery of the goods. In most cases please allow two to three days for refunded amount to be shown on your account.If you were entitled to treat the Contract at an end, but do not do so, you are not prevented from cancelling the Order for any Goods or rejecting Goods that have been delivered and, if you do this, we will (in addition to other remedies) without delay return all payments made under the Contract for any such cancelled or rejected Goods.
If the Goods have been delivered, you must return them to us or allow us to collect them from you and we will pay the costs of this.Returns/Replacements
If for whatever reason you change your mind and would like to return
your order after delivery, we’re happy to refund or replace your
purchase as long as it’s unopened and in its original packaging. This
option is available for 21 days after delivery.Following The Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and
Additional Charges) Regulations, we will accept items back even if you
have opened the goods to inspect them. You can examine the goods as you would in a shop but to obtain a full refund you must not start using them or install them CancellationsThe cancellation period is within 14 calendar days
from the day after delivery of the goodsIn the case of a contract for the supply of goods, the cancellation period will expire after 14 days from
the day of the conclusion of the contract.If any Goods form a commercial unit (a unit is a commercial unit if
division of the unit would materially impair the value of the goods or
the character of the unit) you cannot cancel or reject the Order for
some of those Goods without also cancelling or rejecting the Order for
the rest of them.
Risk and Title
Risk of damage to, or loss of, any Goods will pass to you when the Goods are delivered to you.
You do not own the Goods until we have received payment in full. If full payment is overdue or a step occurs towards your bankruptcy, we can choose, by notice to cancel any delivery and end any right to use the Goods still owned by you, in which case you must return them or allow us to collect them.
Withdrawal, returns and cancellation
You can withdraw the Order by telling us before the Contract is made, if you simply wish to change your mind and without giving us a reason, and without incurring any liability.
This is a distance contract (as defined below) which has the cancellation rights (Cancellation Rights) set out below. These Cancellation Rights, however, do not apply, to a contract for the following goods (with no others) in the following circumstances:
foodstuffs, beverages or other goods intended for current consumption in the household and which are supplied on frequent and regular rounds to your residence or workplace;
goods that are made to your specifications or are clearly personalised;
goods which are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly.
Also, the Cancellation Rights for a Contract cease to be available in the following circumstances:
in the case of any sales contract, if the goods become mixed inseparably (according to their nature) with other items after delivery.
Right to cancel
Subject as stated in these Terms and Conditions, you can cancel this contract within 14 days without giving any reason.
The cancellation period will expire after 14 days from the day on which you acquire, or a third party, other than the carrier indicated by you, acquires physical possession of the last of the Goods. In a contract for the supply of goods over time (ie subscriptions), the right to cancel will be 14 days after the first delivery.
To exercise the right to cancel, you must inform us of your decision to cancel this Contract by a clear statement setting out your decision (eg a letter sent by post, fax or email). You can use the attached model cancellation form, but it is not obligatory. In any event, you must be able to show clear evidence of when the cancellation was made, so you may decide to use the model cancellation form.
You can also electronically fill in and submit the model cancellation form or any other clear statement of the Customer's decision to cancel the Contract on our website www.peakrock.com.
If you use this option, we will communicate to you an acknowledgement of receipt of such a cancellation in a Durable Medium (eg by email) without delay.
To meet the cancellation deadline, it is sufficient for you to send your communication concerning your exercise of the right to cancel before the cancellation period has expired.
Effects of cancellation in the cancellation period
Except as set out below, if you cancel this Contract, we will reimburse to you all payments received from you, including the costs of delivery (except for the supplementary costs arising if you chose a type of delivery other than the least expensive type of standard delivery offered by us).
Deduction for Goods supplied
We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any Goods supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by you (ie handling the Goods beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the Goods: eg it goes beyond the sort of handling that might be reasonably allowed in a shop).
This is because you are liable for that loss and, if that deduction is not made, you must pay us the amount of that loss.
Timing of reimbursement
If we have not offered to collect the Goods, we will make the reimbursement without undue delay, and not later than:
14 days after the day we receive back from you any Goods supplied, or
(if earlier) 14 days after the day you provide evidence that you have sent back the Goods.
If we have offered to collect the Goods or if no Goods were supplied, we will make the reimbursement without undue delay, and not later than 14 days after the day on which we are informed about your decision to cancel this Contract.
We will make the reimbursement using the same means of payment as you used for the initial transaction, unless you have expressly agreed otherwise; in any event, you will not incur any fees as a result of the reimbursement.
Returning Goods
If you have received Goods in connection with the Contract which you have cancelled, you must send back the Goods or hand them over to us at
Unit 4, Horizon Business Centre,
Alder Close, Veridion Park, Erith,
Kent,
DA18 4AJ
without delay and in any event not later than 14 days from the day on which you communicate to us your cancellation of this Contract.
The deadline is met if you send back the Goods before the period of 14 days has expired.
You agree that you will have to bear the cost of returning the Goods.
For the purposes of these Cancellation Rights, these words have the following meanings:
distance contract means a contract concluded between a trader and a customer under an organised distance sales or service-provision scheme without the simultaneous physical presence of the trader and the customer, with the exclusive use of one or more means of distance communication up to and including the time at which the contract is concluded;
sales contract means a contract under which a trader transfers or agrees to transfer the ownership of goods to a customer and the customer pays or agrees to pay the price, including any contract that has both goods and services as its object.
Conformity
We have a legal duty to supply the Goods in conformity with the Contract, and will not have conformed if it does not meet the following obligation.
Upon delivery, the Goods will:
be of satisfactory quality;
be reasonably fit for any particular purpose for which you buy the Goods which, before the Contract is made, you made known to us (unless you do not actually rely, or it is unreasonable for you to rely, on our skill and judgment) and be fit for any purpose held out by us or set out in the Contract; and
conform to their description.
It is not a failure to conform if the failure has its origin in your materials.
We will provide the following after-sales service:
The supplier will give advice to the customer in installing and activating their new equipment.
Successors and our sub-contractors
Either party can transfer the benefit of this Contract to someone else, and will remain liable to the other for its obligations under the Contract. The Supplier will be liable for the acts of any sub-contractors who it chooses to help perform its duties.
Circumstances beyond the control of either party
In the event of any failure by a party because of something beyond its reasonable control:
the party will advise the other party as soon as reasonably practicable; and
the party's obligations will be suspended so far as is reasonable, provided that that party will act reasonably, and the party will not be liable for any failure which it could not reasonably avoid, but this will not affect the Customer's above rights relating to delivery and any right to cancel, below.
Excluding liability
The Supplier does not exclude liability for: (i) any fraudulent act or omission; or (ii) for death or personal injury caused by negligence or breach of the Supplier's other legal obligations.
Subject to this, the Supplier is not liable for (i) loss which was not reasonably foreseeable to both parties at the time when the Contract was made, or (ii) loss (eg loss of profit) to the Customer's business, trade, craft or profession which would not be suffered by a Customer - because the Supplier believes the Customer is not buying the Goods wholly or mainly for its business, trade, craft or profession.
Governing law, jurisdiction and complaints
The Contract (including any non-contractual matters) is governed by the law of England and Wales.
Disputes can be submitted to the jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales or, where the Customer lives in Scotland or Northern Ireland, in the courts of respectively Scotland or Northern Ireland.
We try to avoid any dispute, so we deal with complaints in the following way:
If a dispute occurs customers should contact us to find a solution. We will aim to respond with an appropriate solution within 7 days.