https://www.water-cooler-boy.com/store/privacy.html
FREE SHIPPING on orders of $99 or more!!*
30-day MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE
Categories
Cooler Replacement
Undercounter Water Filters
Whole House Water Filters
Bottleless Watercoolers
Appliance Water Filters
Shower Water Filters
Countertop Water Filters
Replacement Water Filter Parts
Fittings
Replacement Cartridge Filters
Tubing
Valves and Meters
Water Cooler Parts and Filters
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log In / Register
Create Account
Privacy Notice
General Info
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
Water Quality
How KDF Works
Testimonials
FAQs
Informational Sites
Contact
0
- $0.00
Log In / Register
0
- $0.00
Categories
Cooler ReplacementUndercounter Water FiltersWhole House Water FiltersBottleless WatercoolersAppliance Water FiltersShower Water FiltersCountertop Water FiltersReplacement Water Filter Parts
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or place an order.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart and understand and save your preferences for future visits.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.water-cooler-boy.com
2082 Maximus Lane
Reno, Nevada  89521
United States
kevin@water-cooler-boy.com
888-257-9808
Back
Shop
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
View All
Customer Service
Contact Us
About Us
My Account
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Share and Connect
Copyright © 2020 WaterCoolerBoy • 2082 Maximus Lane • Reno, Nevada  89521 • Tel:888.257.9808 • Fax: 775-376-1879 • kevin@WaterCoolerBoy.com* Free shipping offer can only be delivered to locations in the Continental United States. Shipping outside of Continental United States will be calculated.
Content
US413LOWEST Price on Net!!! Designed to replace the discontinued NSA Model 100S undercounter water filter.