https://www.itascamoccasin.com/content/3-terms-and-conditions
Purchase a gift voucher
Gift Vouchers Itasca Leathergoods
Customer Testimonials
I returned home from work travel today to find the box with my new moccasins. BEST SHOES EVER!! My feet love them...and I'll be reaching out to order this year's Christmas style. Thank you for your outstanding craftsmanship & Happy Thanksgiving! ...
Read More
Lori K.
I LOVE my pair! I have been wearing them a lot. They fit great, are super-cute, and are so comfortable. I put them on my Instagram page and my old boss already wants to buy some. ...
Read More
Theresa M.
I received my moccasins and I love them. The craftsmanship is superb and I love the colors. I am sure I will be ordering more. ...
Read More
Nancy B.
My mocs came a few days ago. I love them. To have footwear that fits both feet, of very unequal size, is a luxury I never thought I would experience. Love the orange hide with the blue laces. I just don't ever want to take them off!
...
Read More
Ginger K.
Hello any potential customers out there. I want to tell you that I am so impressed with the service this company has given to me. If 5 stars were the highest rating, they would be a 10. A difficult foot to fit, the pair were too small, they were HAPPY to make me another pair, no charge at all. Got back to me quickly in emails, The owner is PAUL KIRKMAN. A gem. complete gem. ...
Read More
Carol M.
The Itasca Company is a pleasure to work with and The Hatchie Moccasins are perfect - Thank You for Your Service - I will reccomend Your Products and Service as Superior Premium. ...
Read More
Jay S.
Awesome toebox fit first try.
I've tried two other custom fit moccasin companies and this is the best first pair fit.
Very neat stitching, with a good stiffener in the seam. ...
Read More
Denise S
I want to talk about the amazing customer service, follow up and problem resolution from Sam, who is the manager of the retail store.
She spent two hours trying to help with a shipping issue from a mail order I had made.
Bottom line, Sam went far above what any other
company would do to make
sure
the gift of moccasins arrived.
Give her a raise or at least buy her lunch! ...
Read More
Greg M
I ordered a pair of men’s leitner Mocs last week. They came in the mail today.
I needed to let people know just how amazing these shoe really are. I am a very picky individual. I absolutely hate the throw away society that we have become were inexpensive goods are the norm and cheap materials and craftsmanship is acceptable. I know these shoes are expensive however ......
Read More
Menth
The shoes are astounding. It is wonderful to see that American craftmanship is still alive. The fit is wonderful and ordering was easy. The stitching is excellent and far beyond what I expected! And talk about comfort! Many thanks to Sam for his attention to detail. This is a superb shoe in all aspects and I would give it an 11 on a scale of 1-10. The only thing I think ......
Read More
scott stengel
>
Terms and conditions
Terms & Conditions
The following General Terms & Conditions govern the sale of merchandise from TwoPaul Enterprises LLC DBA Itasca Leathergoods (Itasca Leathergoods) to you, the customer. Carefully read the Terms and Conditions described below. We maintain the right to change the Terms and Conditions at any time. By using this website and purchasing from it, you expressly agree to, and are bound by, the terms and conditions expressed here.
Products
Itasca Leathergoods has worked to accurately describe all merchandise sold via this website; this includes product description and depiction of color. We acknowledge that all computer monitors display color differently and that some differences may be evident between the product ordered and the product received. Please note that each leather hide is different in terms of graining and pattern. Itasca Leathergoods works to make sure the product you receive is as close in appearance as possible to the product ordered.
Materials
Leather is a natural product and is sourced from wild and domestic animals and is thereby highly variable from hide to hide. Changes in color and texture are normal, as are scars, blemishes and marks that are the inherent outcome from the experiences of each animal. These potential marks are not to be considered blemishes but instead are to be expected. We pledge, however, that we will use no blemishes that will affect the performance of your product.
Orders
All orders are subject to email or phone call confirmation by Itasca Leathergoods. We strive to keep the website up-to-date and accurate but occasionally we discontinue a particular color or kind of leather or run out of product. Availability cannot be guaranteed. If a suitable substitute cannot be made, we will alert you to give you the ability to amend or cancel your order. Most orders placed on this website are made to order at time of order. Please allow ten days to two weeks for order fulfillment. Please note that upon placing an order, an email is automatically generated confirming purchase intent. This email confirmation does not constitute a contract as orders can be cancelled due to insufficient stock, inability to authorize a credit card or e-check purchase, suspicion of fraudulent intent, discovery of incorrect price, or other unspecified reason. If your card has already been charged and we choose to cancel the sale, your credit card will be credited for the amount charged.
Prices
All prices are offered in US Dollars. Prices are subject to change without notice. Sales tax is collected where appropriate and will be added to the product price. Sales tax collected, if any, will be evident on your invoice.
Privacy
The terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy govern the processing of all personal data collected from you as a result of purchasing from ItascaLeathergoods.com or ItascaMoccasin.com (the website).
Disclaimer
Itasca Leathergoods makes no representations or warranties of any kind, either expressly stated or implied regarding the products on this website or merchandise you purchase from Itasca Leathergoods. This includes, but is not limited to appropriateness for a particular purpose. We are not liable for damages based on your use of one of our products. Furthermore, you acknowledge by your use of this site that your use of the site is at your sole risk and that you assume full responsibility for costs associated with any and all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in conjunction with this site. We are not liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including (but not limited to) direct, indirect, incidental or punitive damages.
Binding Agreement
According to the Terms and Conditions, the sale and all policies associated with it are considered binding at time of order confirmation.
Governing Law
The laws of the state of Minnesota govern all matters associated with the Terms and Conditions arising out of the sale of merchandise to you. In regards to Terms and Conditions, matters include validity, interpretation, and enforcement. All claims will be litigated out of Minneapolis MN.
Severability
If a particular clause of the Terms and Conditions is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the rest of the Terms and Conditions remain valid as permitted by law.
Copyright and Trademark Information
The names "TwoPaul Enterprises LLC," "Itasca Moccasin" and "Itasca Leathergoods", as well as our Logo, and all other related marks depicted on this site, whether registered or unregistered, are trade or service marks of TwoPaul Enterprises DBA Itasca Leathergoods in the United States and other countries. This site and all of the materials and photographs on this site are protected by US (and international) copyright laws and are owned by TwoPaul Enterprises LLC. Use of these images for any reason is not permitted. Modification of these images is not permitted. No use beyond viewing is permitted without express written permission from TwoPaul Enterprises LLC.  ©2016 TwoPaul Enterprises LLC. All rights reserved.