http://www.vestapharm.com/privacy-policy
888-558-3782
No menu assigned!
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting this website owned and maintained by Vesta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Vesta), and for reviewing our privacy policy. This policy was last updated on October 17, 2012.
Vesta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. does not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about visitors to its Web sites, unless required for law enforcement or by statute.
Vesta is committed to protecting your privacy. We will not collect any personal information about you when you visit our Web site (other than the standard information automatically collected and stored in the Web server’s logs) unless you choose to provide it to us.
Detailed information regarding server logs, and voluntary submission of personal information, “cookies”, security, and intrusion detection systems is provided below.
Information collected and stored automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. Our web server will automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
Your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address. (An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you go on the Web.) The domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account).
The Internet address of the Web site, banner, or email from which you selected or entered a link that brought you to our site.
The date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent visiting the site.
The name and version of your computer’s operating system and browser: for example, Windows 7/Firefox 17.2. (This information is supplied automatically by your computer and enhances your ability to view web pages.)
The pages you visit
We use this information to help us make the site more useful to visitors — to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. Unless it is specifically stated otherwise, no additional information will be collected about you.
If you send us personal information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, either by phone, in writing, by E-mail or by filling out a form and submitting it to us through the Web site, this information will not be released, disclosed, sold, or transferred to any outside source for the purpose of marketing. If your information accompanies a request for consideration of granting credit for financing, your information will be shared with our approved service providers. Your personal information may also be released if required for law enforcement or by statute.
If You Send Us E-mail
If you send us E-mail, we will collect and store your E-mail address and the content of the E-mail, including any personal information you chose to include, and will use it only to respond to your request quickly and accurately. However, E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If you are worried because your communication is very sensitive, you can send it by postal mail or contact us via telephone.
If you fill out online forms
Certain areas like the “Contact Us” page include forms where you actively enter your personal information. We use this personal information to ship you products or to provide you with the latest information pertaining to your initial request. Specifically:
When you submit a request for information or place an order, we need to know your name, E-mail address, mailing address, telephone number(s), credit card number, and credit card expiration date. If you complete a request for credit you may also be required to provide your social security number, statement of earnings, as well as employment history and contact information. This information allows us to process and fill your request or order and also to notify you of its status.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the our websites, new services, products and special offers that we think you may find valuable based on your initial request for more information. Vesta supports the ethical use of all communicative methods.
Communications from Vesta will always provide complete contact information including mailing addresses, phone numbers and email addresses (when applicable) to allow for the recipient to easily remove themselves from further contact.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit one of our web sites or invite them to register for more information. The provided information will be stored for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and for tracking the success of our referral program. The referred friend may contact us at the addresses below to request the removal of this information from our database.
The Vesta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. position on the “CAN-SPAM” act and “Do Not Call” list
Vesta agrees with and complies with the provisions included in the “CAN-SPAM” act and the “Do Not Call” list legislative actions.
Vesta does not purchase mailing lists or subscribe to practices or services that employ spamming tactics. Should Vesta use purchased/leased lists in the future, any provider of said lists will be required to utilize a fully documented, double opt-in process in the building of the list.
Vesta will only communicate with or provide marketing/sales related information to persons that have initiated contact with us in person, by phone or via our website and requested additional information about the products or services available from Vesta.
All print, fax or email communications from Vesta Ingredients, Inc. will always provide complete contact information including mailing addresses, phone numbers and email addresses (when applicable) to allow for the recipient to easily contact us to request that they be removed or excluded (opt-out) from further contact.
Cookies
Some pages on this Web site may employ “cookies.” A cookie is a small file that a Web site transfers to your computer’s hard disk to allow the server to “remember” specific information about your session while you are connected. Requests to send cookies are not designed to collect information about you, but only about your “browser session.” The cookies make it easier for you to use the dynamic features of our Web site. The cookies and the information about your session are automatically destroyed after a certain period of time. The information is not permanently stored on your computer. We do not collect personal information about you except as described above.
Security
All Vesta websites use the latest encryption technology to keep your personal information safe. All your ordering information — including your name, address, and credit card number — is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. Your credit card and billing information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system. To ensure that your information is even more secure, once we receive your credit card information, we store it on a server that is not accessible from the Internet. “Credit card”, “Check by Phone”, and “Credit Applications” are transactions that are handled by third-party financial institutions, which receive the credit card, routing numbers, and/or other personal identifying information only to verify the account and process transactions. If you feel more comfortable doing so, our Web site also provides options to place orders, apply for credit, or request information by telephone.
Links to other sites
Our Web sites may have links to other organizations that are not owned or maintained by Vesta. Once you follow a link to any other site, you are subject to its privacy policy.
Your consent
By using our Web sites, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Vesta as described in this document. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Notice of the most recent date of changes to our privacy policy will appear at the top of this page.
Protection of children’s privacy
We acknowledge that our Web sites may be visited by children under the age of consent. The material on our pages is deemed suitable for all ages. It is possible that a child under the age of consent may provide personal information to us by filling out a form and submitting that form to us through the Web site. Should we discover that we have received information from a child under the age of consent, we will remove that information from our system.
Intrusion detection
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, we employ software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations, and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.
Re-targeting ads
We partner with FetchBack to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. FetchBack may use cookies or web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information such as IP Address, pages viewed, and if a conversion occurred during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt?out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
NAI Opt-Out: www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
FetchBack Opt-Out: www.fetchback.com/optout.html
Questions about Vesta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. privacy policies should be addressed to:
Vesta Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
5767 Thunderbird Rd
Indianapolis, IN 46236
(317) 895-9000
top
© 2020 Vestanutra.
About
Products & Services
NutraLink Blog
Contact
Privacy Policy
888-558-3782
Careers
ABOUT VESTA
Facility
Advantage
Sustainability
Latest News
MANUFACTURING
Contract
Development
Packaging
Methenamine
INGREDIENTS
Products
Nutraceuticals
Cosmetic
Custom Blends
Why Vesta
“NUTRALINK” BLOG
PODCAST
CONTACT