http://www.customshop.com/shop/privacy-policy
Home
Shop Now
Custom Shop Sport
Custom Dress Shirts
Custom
Shirts - Build Your Own
Pre-Designed Shirt Gallery
Duet Custom Dress Shirts
Custom Tailored Clothing
Custom Suit Fabrics
Custom Suits
Ermenegildo Zegna Fabrics
Custom Slack Fabrics
Custom Slacks
Custom Sport Coats
Cashmere Blazer & Sport Coats
Leather Blazers and Jackets
Blazer & Sport Coats
Ermenegildo Zegna Coat Fabrics
Gift Ideas
Accessories
Ties
NEW Ties
Custom Ties
Collegiate Ties
Collar Bars
Cufflinks
Blazer Buttons
Socks
Sunglasses
Eyeglasses
Gift Cards
Trunk Shows
All
Trunk Shows
Stores
Toledo, OH (Corporate)
Women's
Women's Suit Gallery
Women's Shirt Gallery
Women's Fabrics
Women's Custom Shirt Style Book
Gift Card
Careers
Contact Us
Your Cart is Empty
Home
/
The Custom Shop Clothiers - Custom Dress Shirts | Privacy Policy
Search
Go
The Custom Shop - Privacy Statement
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
The Way We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available at the bottom of each page in our site. The Information We Collect This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on The Custom Shop Clothier’s website. On some pages, you can make online purchases. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
(etc.) The Way We Use Information We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. We may also use the email address to send newsletters and/or promotional materials. You may un-subscribe at any time by replying to any email sent by The Custom Shop at sales@customshop.com.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Our Commitment To Data Security To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling our national headquarters toll-free at (888) 744-7806. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (888) 744-7806 or send us an email at sales@customshop.com.
Collar Styles
Cuff Styles
Measuring Guide
FAQ
Privacy Policy
About Us
5 Ways to Order
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Contact Us
>>>
Click to sign up for our Newsletter
© 2014 All Rights Reserved The Custom Shop Clothiers