http://www.asianpearls.net/privacy.html
Home
Store Front
Sales Info
Privacy
Contact Us
About Pearls
About Us
Privacy
This
privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for http://www.asianpearls.net.
Because this web site wants to
demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose
its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed.
If you feel that this company
is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact
webmaster@424help.com.
Information Collection and
Use
Asian Pearls is the sole owner
of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share,
or rent this information to others.
Order
We request information from the
user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information
(like name and shipping address) and financial information (like
credit card number, expiration date). We will never ask for a
social security number. This information is used for billing purposes
and to fill customer’s orders.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to administer
the site only. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable
information.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe
to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name
and email address. W do not send unsolicited mail of email newsletters.
You receive enough junk mail without us adding to it. The trees
are happier for it, and so are you, which makes us happy.
Security
You never need to worry when you
use our secured socket connection. If you are using a security-enabled
browser such as Microsoft&REG Internet Explorer 2.1 or greater, or
Netscape NavigatorTM version 2.0 or greater, you will be able to use
the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) industry-standard security technology
to encrypt your data.
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) provides
the capability to conduct end-to-end encrypted transactions designed
to prevent intermediaries from obtaining your confidential information.
Thus, you can place your order or request with confidence.
Your credit card also provides
you with important consumer protections that safeguard your online
purchases and limit your liability.
YOUR PURCHASE IS ALWAYS SAFE
AND SECURE AT AsianPearls.net
Asian Pearls takes every precaution
to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both
online and off-line.
When our order form asks users
to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that
information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption
software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as
our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such
as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes
locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’.
While we use SSL encryption to
protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in
our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users’
information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above,
is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a
customer service representative) are granted access to personally
identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected
screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they
must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information.
Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security
and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new
policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded
about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do
to ensure our customers’ information is protected. Finally,
the servers that we store personally identifiable information
on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
If you have any questions about
the security at our website, you can send an email to webmaster@424help.com.
Site and Service Updates
We also send the user site and
service announcement updates. Members are able to unsubscribe
from service announcements. We communicate with the user to provide
requested services and in regards to issues relating to their
account via email.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy
policy, we will post those changes on our Web-Site so our users
are always aware of what information we collect, and how we use
it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy
under which the information was collected.
Home |
Store Front |
Search |
Sales Info |
Privacy |
Security |
About Pearls |
About Us
Site design and layout by On-Site Computer Solutionshttp://www.424help.com