https://www.birkenstock.com/us/us-policies-return.html
The product has been added to your shopping cart!
BUY NOW, PAY LATER WITH
DETAILS
BUY NOW, PAY LATER WITH
DETAILS
BUY NOW, PAY LATER WITH
DETAILS
RETURN POLICY
BIRKENSTOCK.COM/US RETURNS
We have extended our Returns Policy for Holiday 2020.
This holiday season, orders through the 25th of December 2020 can be returned up until 31 January 2021 subject to our returns policy.
All other orders can be returned within 30 days of delivery.
Products purchased on www.birkenstock.com/us must be returned online at www.birkenstock.com/us/returns. They cannot be returned to a Birkenstock store or authorized retailer.
Footwear and accessories may be returned at no charge, in original purchase condition and packaging, within 30 days of delivery. All returns are subject to inspection. All packages, including original containers, must be unmarked and not defaced in any manner.
If you would like to return an item, please go to www.birkenstock.com/us/returns and follow the instructions.
If you would like to exchange an item, please call customer service at 844-505-4055 or email: info@birkenstockusa.com and they will be glad to help you.
Skin care items may be returned at no charge within 30 days of delivery.
After inspecting your return, we will issue a credit for the merchandise (including any applicable sales tax) to the original payment method used. Any shipping charges from your order will not be refunded. Please allow 2-3 weeks for the processing of your refund.
BIRKENSTOCK STORE RETURNS
Products purchased at a Birkenstock store must be returned to the store. Please contact the store directly:
BIRKENSTOCK SOHO
120 Spring St
(Between Greene & Mercer)
New York, NY 10012
Phone: 646.850.6940
Email: soho@birkenstockusa.com
BIRKENSTOCK VENICE
1208 Abbot Kinney Blvd
Venice, CA 90291
Phone: 310.310.8448
Email: VeniceBeach@birkenstockusa.com
AUTHORIZED RETAILER RETURNS
Products purchased from a Birkenstock authorized retailer or another online retailer cannot be returned online at www.birkenstock.com/us or at a Birkenstock store. Please contact the authorized retailer directly for information on their return policy.
Policies
Terms of Use
Terms of Sale
Privacy Policy
CCPA Consumer Notice
Do Not Sell My Info
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Tax Policy
Counterfeits