http://www.saddleright.com/privacy/
Toggle navigation
Western Saddle Pads
English Saddle Pads
Racing Pads
Navajo Single Weave Pattern Blankets
Navajo Wool Single Weave Solids
Wool Felt Liners
Comfort Cushions
Blog Reviews
Display Blog Reviews submenu pages
Rachel Long
Riding Warehouse
Testimonials
Sponsorships
Display Sponsorships submenu pages
Craig Cameron
Cole Cameron
Hallie Hanssen
Cody Keller
Jade Keller
Jolee Lautaret-Jordan
Jean Winters
Pecos Winters
Chad Smith
Kelsey Jo Lutjen-Treharne
John Samsill
Wylene Davis
Sam Berry
Sarah Morrissey
Sponsored Riders Events
Caring for Your Saddle Pad/Warranty
About Us
Display About Us submenu pages
Our History
Why SaddleRight?
FAQs
Active Dealers
Contact Us
Active Dealers
Contact Us
Privacy
SaddleRight, Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site (http://www.SaddleRight.com). Please note that when you access any external links from http://www.SaddleRight.com, they may have different privacy policies specific to those sites. We encourage you to read all applicable privacy policies.WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE GATHER FROM THOSE WHO VISIT OUR SITE?When you visit our Web site, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose, and information that we automatically collect as you browse our Web site.Information You Voluntarily Submit. We collect and store any information you enter on our Web site, or provide to us in offline contacts we have with you. Information is collected from visitors to the Web site in the following areas:ORDER FORMS - Some areas of the Web site may allow you to order products or services, whether or not for a fee. In connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction and that is furnished by you. This may include contact information, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone number and your credit card number. We may also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase.SURVEYS - At times, you may be asked to complete survey questions that appear on the Web site.E-MAIL - On several screens of our site, you also have an opportunity to communicate with us by E-mail. You may also choose to provide your e-mail address to receive communications from us or third parties.INFORMATION COLLECTED AND STORED AUTOMATICALLY - When you browse our Web site, you and your Web browser may also transmit information that we automatically collect. We do log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), the Web pages you visit and the time of your visit, and other click-stream data. This information may be combined with other personal information you have provided. The only other type of information automatically provided to us is the type of computer, operating system and browser you are using. This information is provided by your browser, which we use to improve the performance of our site.We may also place small data files, called "cookies," in the browser file of your computer's hard drive. These cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the Web site. We use the cookies to record Web site statistics. Most browsers automatically accept the cookies, but you usually can change your browser setting to prevent the acceptance of cookies. Certain Web pages may not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies.HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe use your personal information to communicate with you if and when necessary in connection with your use of our Web site, to respond to your questions, or to send you material and information you request. We may use your information to:Personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product information in which you are most interested.
Consider your suggestions
Possibly respond directly to you for clarification
Process your request for materials if you make one
Try to and answer your questions if you ask them
Register you for an event, contest or sweepstakes, if you request it
Provide you with e-mail messages and other information regarding upcoming events, new services and general information about our products and services. (NOTE: You may elect not to receive these communications, either when you initially register at our site, or at any time thereafter. See the section of this Privacy Statement called "Choice/Opt Out.")
We may also use your Web site information in order to help diagnose problems with our site. We may use all information we collect to analyze statistical use patterns and demographic data (basically, where our visitors come from and what demographic characteristics they have) and to improve our site to better serve our customers. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. We may also prepare and keep statistical records and other data about you and other users of our site, but we do that in a way that does not identify you or any other user personally. We may hire third parties to help us collect and analyze such data, and we may share such statistical data with third parties. Again, such statistical data will not specifically identify you or any other user. We use this information to help us make our Web site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the number of visitors to our Web site, what part of the Web site they are interested in, how long the use the Web site, and the types of technology our visitors use.DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHERSExcept in the limited circumstances stated in this paragraph, we do not sell, rent, license, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information of our Web site visitors to unaffiliated third parties. We may disclose your information to service providers who assist us in operating the Web site or conducting our business. We may also share such information among our subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to provide you with the information and services you request or in which you may otherwise be interested. We may disclose information about you if and when we believe it is necessary to comply with any law, rule, court order, or subpoena, or to enforce our legal rights or the rules of this Web site, or to protect our business, property and operations, or in connection with a sale, acquisition, merger or other business combination of our business with a third party. We may also disclose nonpersonally identifiable visitor information to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.Some areas of the Web site may allow you to conduct e-commerce transactions (event registration, donation, etc.). In connection with these transactions, we collect data necessary to complete the transaction that is furnished by you. This information may be furnished to a third party in order to facilitate the transaction.LINKS TO OTHER SITESWe may create links to other Web sites that we think may be of interest to you. We do not endorse any other Web sites, and our privacy policy applies only to your use of our Web site. We have not reviewed the privacy policies of any Web sites we link to our Web site, and you should read the privacy policies of each site you visit to determine what information that site may collect about you.SECURITYSince we are committed to your privacy and security, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to attempt to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. However, please remember that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us or from us, and you do so at your own risk. When you place an order or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems.CHANGES IN PRIVACY POLICYBy using our Web site, you consent to our collection and the use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy and procedures, we will post these changes on our Web site. You have the opportunity to review privacy policy each time you use the Web site so that you are aware of any modifications made to these policies.CHOICE/OPT OUTOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. You have the following options for reviewing or removing your information from our database to no longer receive communication from us. If you request your account information be deleted from our database, we may maintain information about individual sales transactions for recordkeeping and servicing.You can send e-mail by using our online form.Please note that due to e-mail production schedules, you may receive an e-mail message from us after you have provided your opt-out notice.QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICYIf you have questions about our Web site and our privacy policy or disclaimer, please feel free to contact us or send a message using our online form.GoogleGoogle's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
• Demographics and Interests ReportingWe along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
1-800-677-6970
info@saddleright.com
Western Saddle Pads
English Saddle Pads
Racing Pads
Navajo Single Weave Pattern Blankets
About Us
Active Dealers
Contact Us
Search
Sitemap
Privacy
Legal
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
© 2020 SaddleRight