http://www.ccmcoffee.com/privacy.html
Welcome to the freshest coffee on the internet
To Purchase Coffee. Select your product below, click
button.
Privacy And Security
ccmCoffee.com
is a licensee of the Verisign Privacy Program. This privacy statement covers
the site ccmCoffee.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its
commitment
to our users' privacy, it has agreed to disclose its
information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by
Verisign.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this
statement, they should first contact Walter Schroth by e-mail (info@wwsphoto.com)
Collection and Use Information Collection ccmCoffeeis the sole owner of the
information collected on www.ccmCoffee.com. ccmCoffee collects information from
our users at several different points on our Web site.
Registration
In order to use this Web site, a user must first complete the registration
form. During registration a user [is required to] give[s] contact information
(such as name and email address). We use this information to contact the user
about goods and services on our site for which he/she has expressed
interest.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide
contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial
information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is
used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble
processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information
about the user. [Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally
identifiable information while on our site.] We use [both] session ID cookies
[and] persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the
browser, the cookie simply terminates.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet
protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP),
referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to
analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate,
and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc.
are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and
in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in
accordance with the users wishes.
Sharing
Legal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may
need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a
good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current
judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web
site.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this
privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our
users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in
accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally
identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of
collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to
whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if
users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated
their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal
information be used in this new manner
Security at ccmCoffee.com-
Ensuring secure online purchasing is a vital part of our commitment to honor
your privacy. The ccmCoffee.com site utilizes SSL (secure socket layers) to
protect your personal information, including credit card numbers. SSL is used
in order to encrypt all personal information, including your name and credit
card number, so that it can't be read while being transferred from your web
browser to our Internet site. Orders can only be completed using a browser that
supports SSL. All versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer starting with 2.0
support SSL. All versions of Netscape Navigator starting with 2.0 support SSL.
If your browser does not support SSL or if you feel
uncomfortable sending your personal information over the Internet, you can
simply contact our customer service department to complete your order. Call us
at 1-800-682-0023  Please have your product, shipping, and credit
card information ready.
For tips and ideas on how to shop on the Internet
while protecting your privacy, check out How to Be Web Ready, by the United
States Federal Trade Commission (FTC). For more in-depth information read Site
Seeing on the Internet which is also published by the FTC and is loaded with
information on how to use the Internet wisely, while avoiding fraud and
maintaining your privacy.
Secure Shopping Guarantee:
The Fair Credit Billing Act states that you cannot be held liable by your bank
for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges on your credit card. We are so
confident in our security that if you are held liable for any part of the
$50.00, we guarantee to cover that amount, up to the full $50.00. We will cover
this liability only when fraudulent use of your credit card came as a result of
transactions made at ccmCoffee.com, through no fault of your own. You must
contact and notify your credit card company immediately in the event of
fraudulent use of your credit card, following their rules and procedures.
Home
History
Privacy
Contact
Us
All parts of this web site are
copyrighted by Walt Schroth Photography and
Caracolillo Coffee Mill and may not be reproduced
or copied without written permissionWeb Design and Web Hosting provided by Excalibur Services