http://www.dartswarehouse.com/index.php/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode
The online darts equipment store
Search
Shipping / Currency
Rest of World USD $
Ship to New Zealand
Billed in NZD $ - View in NZD $
Ship to Australia
Billed in AUD $ - View in AUD $
Rest of the world
Billed in USD $
View in GBP £
View in EUR €
View in HKD $
View in JPY ¥
View in SGD $
View in USD $
Darts
Dartboards
Flights
Shafts
Accessories
Gift Ideas
Buying Guide
News
About Us
Contact
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy:
We guarantee that we will not sell, lease or giveaway any details you provide us, including your email address, to any other party.
All information you supply is treated as confidential and will only be seen by those who are responsible for the processing and dispatch of your order. Your personal details are stored in our secure database, and will not be shared with anyone or used for any purposes other than ordering and contacting you.
We are periodically able to offer other products and services that we feel may interest our customers. So you may receive details of special offers from us in the future. However, should you prefer not to be contacted, please let us know and we will ensure that your name is withheld from these mailings. Dartswarehouse.com does not disclose private information to any person or company.
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control.  These website have their own privacy policies and we encourage you to review them.   We have no responsibilities for linked websites, and provide them solely for your information and convenience.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You can esily unsubscribe from these at any time.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@dartswarehouse.com or easily click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to PO Box 44
Katikati 3129
New Zealand.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Contact Us
helpdesk@dartswarehouse.com
Dartswarehouse.com
PO Box 44
Katikati 3129
New Zealand
Join us on Facebook
*shipping info world
Worldwide delivery
FREE standard shipping on small items on orders over $75
More information in our terms of trade
Secure Payment
We accept
Secure payment by
All New Zealand orders are GST inclusive.