http://www.fatquartershop.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Fat Quarter Shop is committed to protecting your privacy and any information you share with us!
Information we collect
We may collect information from users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit our site, register, log into their account, add an item to their cart, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. We will collect this type of personal information only if it is voluntarily submitted through such actions as placing an order or creating an account.
Like many websites, our site uses "cookies." Cookies are small data files placed on a user's browser or device by a website. These files contain an anonymous identifier that allows a website to recognize you when you visit. They do not contain any personal information.
A user may choose to set their web browser and/or device to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. This can be done through your browser and/or device settings. If they do so, note that some parts of the site may not function properly.
We may also use log files or pixels to track actions occurring on our site. These would collect data including your IP address, browsing activity on our site, and dates/times.
How we use collected information
The Fat Quarter Shop collects and uses visitor information for a variety of purposes. For example, we may use cookies and other personal information for the following purposes:
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information, site usage data, and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
We may use the information users provide about themselves when placing an order to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service – for example, shipping carriers.
To administer content, promotion, survey or other site features
To send users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
The email address users provide for order processing and/or when creating an account may be used to ask them questions, respond to their inquiries or send updates pertaining to their order and/or browsing history. If a user decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include new products, updates, related product or site information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe links at the bottom of each email.
In addition to using cookies as described above, Fat Quarter Shop uses cookies/advertising IDs in conjunction with third party companies for the purpose of advertising. This enables us to show our ads to visitors who are interested in our products on partner websites. Cookies or advertising IDs can be used to identify past browsing behavior and display relevant advertisements. We may also use cookies with third parties for affiliate marketing, site optimization and to measure both internal and external marketing efforts. At no time do we, or will we, share your personal information with any of these third parties.
We keep all customer information confidential and do not sell any information to any third parties.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect your personal information. This includes contracting reputable third parties to monitor the security of our site and data.
Sensitive and private information transferred between the site and users happen over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Our site is also in compliance with PCI (Payment Card Industry) vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for users. When you are paying for a product on our site, your payment is processed by a third party payment processor that specializes in secure online payment processing. If a user chooses to save a credit card on our site, the third party processor stores this information and our site can only reference the card through unique identifiers that do not reveal the full card details. This is a process called tokenization.
Your personal information
When you place an order through our site, we will hold your order information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete it. Account holders have the ability to update or remove their personal information at any time through their My Account page or by contacting customer service. If you would like to delete your account and other remaining personal information, please contact us through customer service and we can do that.
California residents have the right to request a report of their personal information, its sources, their purpose, and the types/names of third parties it may have been shared with over the previous 12 months. Please contact us to make a formal request. Verification of identify will occur before any request is addressed.
Related to any request to delete personal information, we may deny certain requests, or only fulfill some in part, as permitted or required by law. Certain information may need to be retained for tax or other recording purposes. We do not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights above, however, we would be unable to offer some products and ongoing programs without the related information.
Changes to this privacy policy
Our privacy policy may be updated at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.Our privacy policy was last updated on January 6th, 2020.