https://www.nononsense.com/privacy/
No nonsense Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
PLEASE CONTACT US AT (336) 228-5901 FOR ALL OF YOUR CONSUMER CARE NEEDS
My Bag
My Account
Search
Search
Advanced Search
Search
Menu
Leggings
New Arrivals
Popular
Plus Sizes
View All
By Style
Denim Leggings
Twill Leggings
Seasonal Leggings
Ponte Leggings
Cotton Leggings
Seamless Leggings
Layering Leggings
Sport Leggings
Plus Sizes
By Length
Shorts
Capri Length
Skimmer Length
Tights
New Arrivals
Popular
Plus Sizes
View All
By Style
Fashion Tights
Great Shapes Tights
Opaque Tights
Sheer Tights
Seasonal Tights
Footless Tights
By Opacity
Sheer 30 Denier
Opaque 40 Denier
Super Opaque 90 Denier
Blackout 110 Denier
By Panty
Shaping
Control Top
Sheer To Waist
Hosiery
Popular
Value Packs
Plus Sizes
View All
By Style
Classic Sheer
Premium Sheer
Knee High
By Panty
Control Top Sheer
Reinforced Panty
Shaper Panty
Sheer To Waist
By Collection
Great Shapes
Sheer & Silky
NO Seamless
Smart Support
Ultra Sheer
Multi Packs
Shaping
Popular
View All
By Category
Shaping Hosiery
Shaping Leggings
Shaping Tights
By Panty
All Over Shaper
Tummy
High Waist
By Opacity
Super Sheer
Sheer
Opaque
Blackout
Socks
View All
Women's
Sport Socks
Casual Socks
Liners
Trouser Socks
Knee Socks
Boot Socks
Slippers
By Collection
Ahh, Said The Foot
Color Expressions
Feel Good Compression
Soft & Breathable
Mens
View All
Style
No Show Socks
Ankle Socks
Crew Socks
Occasion
Dress Socks
Sale
View All
By Category
Leggings
Tights
Socks
Face Mask
Account
PRIVACY POLICY
I. General
Kayser-Roth Corporation respects the privacy of every individual who visits our websites or responds to our interactive advertisements. This Privacy Statement outlines the type of information Kayser-Roth Corporation will collect and discloses how we will use that information. Also this Privacy Statement shall provide directives on either setting up discretionary limits or, altogether, preventing your personal information from being collected or shared, when you visit Kayser-Roth Corporation websites or respond to our advertisements. This website is operated in the United States. Your Personal Information will be stored in the United States and will be subject to laws applicable in that country.
II. Personally-Identifiable Information
Kayser-Roth Corporation will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (that is, your name, address, telephone number, or email address) unless you provide it to us voluntarily. If you have voluntarily submitted any personal information in the My Account section of our website, we will retain it as long as the account is active. By creating an account on our website, your account will earn reward points that are redeemable in $5 increments based on your purchase history; you can learn more about our rewards program here. You may access or edit your Account Information at any time by logging in to your Nononsense.com account. However, if you would like to have your information removed, please contact us at consumercare@nononsense.com.
Nononsense.com may use your information, unless otherwise stated, as follows: a) to conduct customer needs analysis; b) to monitor quality control of product and services; c) to notify you of special offers or events; and, d) to contact you if necessary. Credit Card information is not stored online. Your information is treated as personal and confidential. Nononsense.com will not sell or lend this information to any third party. We do, however, share data with third parties when necessary to fulfill a transaction, complete a service, for administrative purposes, or when required by law. Additional information you voluntarily disclose, by either submitting product reviews on Nononsense.com or posting content on our social media pages, will become publicly available. Kayser-Roth Corporation is not responsible for any personal information you voluntarily disclose in these public forums.
This Privacy Policy was lasted updated June 25, 2019 and may be updated from time to time. Please check back periodically for further updates and changes. The most updated version will be the one that is available on this website.
III. Children
Kayser-Roth Corporation shall neither intentionally nor knowingly collect any personally identifiable information (that is, name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from individuals under thirteen years of age. If a child has provided us with personally-identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child should contact us at the e-mail address or phone number listed at the bottom of this Statement, in order to have this information deleted from our records. We will use reasonable efforts to promptly remove the child's information from our existing files.
IV. Non-Personally-Identifiable Information Collected Automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. Examples include: the type of Internet Browser you are using; the type of computer operating system you are using; ; IP address, geolocation, session activity and, the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site or advertisement.
V. Information We May Place Automatically On Your Computer's Hard Drive
No nonsense uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. We use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our websites. We will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected.
VI. Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
VII. Privacy
We use pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, visit their website at doubleclickbygoogle.com.
VIII. What are Your Rights?
You have the right to request details about the personal data we store for you, and request for this information to be removed or updated. Please contact us for more information.
IX. Who to Contact
Email questions or concerns regarding submission of personally identifiable information to the, consumercare@nononsense.com or call us toll-free at 1-800-575-3497 Monday - Friday, 9 AM-5 PM, Eastern Standard Time (Closed weekends and holidays).
Legal Terms and Conditions
I. Access to and use of Nononsense.com is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. You may browse this site for personal entertainment and information. However, please do not distribute, modify, transmit or revise the contents of this site without Kayser-Roth Corporation's written permission.
II. Kayser-Roth Corporation makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of content on these sites or the content of any site or sites "hot-linked" to this site. Neither Kayser-Roth Corporation nor any of its affiliates shall be liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect or punitive damages arising out of access to or use of any content of this site or the content of any site or sites "hot-linked" to this site.
III. The following names, logos and marks are those which are owned by others and used under license by Kayser-Roth Corporation: CoolSpun® Smart Yarns® are registered trademarks of Monsanto Corporation. CoolMax® is a registered trademark of Invista. Burlington® Socks is a registered trademark of Burlington Industries. MicroSupreme® is a registered trademark of Sterling Fibers, Inc.
IV. All content on these sites, including, without limitation, text, artwork, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads and data compilations, is the property of Kayser-Roth Corporation and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. No one may copy, distribute, alter, or create derivative works from such material without the prior written consent of Kayser-Roth Corporation. Systematic retrieval of data or other content from this site to prepare any collection, compilation, database or directory is strictly prohibited.
V. Nononsense.com is owned and operated by Kayser-Roth Corporation, an affiliate of Goldenpoint. Goldenpoint is located in Montova, Italy and is a privately held company.
Our Commitment to Accessibility
At Kayser-Roth Corporation we're committed to accessibility, diversity and inclusion. We believe all of our visitors should be able to easily shop online at Nononsense.com.
Whether you're using assistive technologies like a screen reader, a magnifier, and/or voice recognition software or switch technology, our mission is to make Nononsense.com your preferred shopping destination in all channels by delivering outstanding value, continuous innovation and experiences that fulfill our customer's expectations. We are currently in the process of modifying and updating our website to help ensure that it is accessible to all. If you are having difficulty with your browsing experience, contact us at the number below and we will be able to provide you further assistance.
Need help or have feedback?
Send us your feedback. If you love Nononsense.com, or if you experience any issues, please let us know.
Contact us online at consumercare@nononsense.com or using our contact us form here.
You can also call us toll-free at 1-800-575-3497 Monday - Friday, 9 AM-5 PM, Eastern Standard Time (Closed weekends and holidays).
Account
My Account
Wishlist
No nonsense Rewards
Help
Contact
Shipping Information
Returns
Our Guarantee
Size Charts
Company
About Us
Be Inspired
Ecoconscious
FAQ's
Terms and Conditions
Privacy/Legal
Accessibility
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Youtube
Instagram
© 2019 Nononsense.com / Kayser-Roth Corporation 1-800-575-3497 Monday—Friday 9am—7:30pm EST • California Supply Chains Act