http://www.divegoddess.com/terms/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Home
Terms
Terms
OVERVIEWWelcome to Dive Goddess website. Throughout the site, the terms “we”, “us” and “our” refer to Dive Goddess. Please read the following terms of service (“terms”) as they govern your use of our site. By using this site, you agree to follow and be bound by the following rules below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use this site in any way.
Additionally, Dive Goddess reserves the right to modify these terms at any time without prior notification. Site users must agree upon and abide by these changes accordingly. Please review this page periodically for changes. Any use of our site at any time constitutes full acceptance of our service terms.
USAGE RESTRICTIONSAll of the content that appears on Dive Goddess web site, including all visuals, text, audio and video clips are subject to copyright protections and /or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Dive Goddess. The entire content of the Dive Goddess web site is copyrighted as a collective work under U.S. copyright laws. Dive Goddess grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of the content on this website. Content of the Dive Goddess website is intended solely for the personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site.
NOTICEDive Goddess may contact you or provide you with service-related and/or promotional notices by means of postal mail, electronic mail, general site notifications and more using the contact information you have provided to us.
PRICING POLICYOur products are sold online only at limited quantities and availabilities. We have done our best to display our items as accurately as possible on the site but please be aware, variations in style, color, and size may occur as each item is hand-crafted. If you are not satisfied your purchase, please review our returns section for further assistance.
SITE USE
With use of this site, you agree that no comments or other user submissions submitted by you to the Dive Goddess website will violate any right of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal rights. You further agree that no comments submitted by you to the site will be or contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or obscene material. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make.
USER SUBMISSIONSDive Goddess strives to create an interactive relationship with the members of its site and services. User comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Dive Goddess on or by this site shall be and remain Dive Goddess property. Users assign all property rights and interests to Dive Goddess allowing our company unlimited use, commercial or otherwise, of any comments. Furthermore, Dive Goddess shall be under no obligation (1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay to users any compensation for any comments; or (3) to respond to any user comments.
If you choose to publicly share any images of any Dive Goddess products through any social media website or other online or publicly available service, including any such image accompanied by a hashtag (i.e., a word or phrase preceded by “#”) reference using any of our trademarks or any other terms, slogans or keywords referencing Dive Goddess or its products, you hereby grant to Dive Goddess a worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid-up, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, transferable and fully sublicensable (through multiple tiers) license, without additional consideration to you or any third party, to store, reproduce, distribute, perform, and display (publicly or otherwise), create derivative works of, adapt, modify, and otherwise use and exploit such photos, in any format or media now known or hereafter developed, in connection with Dive Goddess's (and its successors’, affiliates’ and designees’) business.
CORRECTION OF SITE ERRORSThe information on Dive Goddess website may contain typographical errors or inaccuracies. We reserve the right to update any information we see fit at any time without prior notice. Please note that such errors may relate to product information, pricing and availability. In these instances, we shall have the right to terminate any orders involving pricing errors or inaccuracies. We apologize for any inconveniences.
INDEMNITYBy use of this site, you agree to indemnify and hold Dive Goddess (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, and employees) harmless from any claim or demand, as well as losses, expenses, damages and costs, resulting from any violation of these terms of service or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct).
MODIFICATION/TERMINATION OF WEBSITEIn the event of termination, you will still be bound by your obligations under these terms of service, including the warranties made by you, and by the disclaimers and limitations of liability. Dive Goddess shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination of your access.
THIRD PARTY LINKSTo improve our site, Dive Goddess may use and promote services provided by outside third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Dive Goddess, we do not control these services and make no representations regarding these persons or entities. We are not liable or responsible for the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, reliability or availability of, any such parties. Outside sites linked on our site, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITYDive Goddess shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials and services on this site or the performance of any its products (even if Dive Goddess has been advised of the possibility of such damages).
CONTACT USQuestions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at SUE@DIVEGODDESS.COM
×