http://www.masterbuilt.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
SmokersGrillsFryersAccessoriesGearOutlet
Recipes
Support
Cart
Close
Your cart is empty
Join our mailing list for exclusive offers
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
Have you REGISTERED your product? You MUST register your product prior to submitting a support request.
Product Registration
You MUST upload a picture of your receipt, the model number, and the serial number
for your registration to be valid. Once you register your product you will receive a thank you response. Please do not respond to that auto-generated email, as we will not receive your response.
Parts
All available parts are found by searching above.
All non-warranty parts MUST be ordered online.
If not listed here, it is not available, and you will need to check other sources such as appliancefactoryparts.com, for their availability.
Instruction Manuals
If you are troubleshooting an issue or any type of error code, PLEASE
refer to your manual for assistance.
Help Topics
Here are some helpful troubleshooting links
Gravity Series FAQs
Smoker FAQs
Fryer FAQs
Masterbuilt App
Return/Warranty Policy
Privacy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Masterbuilt Manufacturing, LLC collects,
uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the
www.masterbuilt.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all
products and services offered by Masterbuilt Manufacturing, LLC.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways,
including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place
an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other
activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be
asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card
information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal
identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information
to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that
it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact
with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the
type of computer and technical information about Users' means of connection to our Site,
such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar
information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on
their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them.
User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are
being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Masterbuilt Manufacturing, LLC may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices, and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Masterbuilt Manufacturing, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Third-party Data Collection
Third-party companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visit to this web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.
To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising by those third parties that are members of self-regulatory programs such as the Network Advertising Initiative, please visit the NAI’s website (www.networkadvertising.org) which will allow you to opt out of Interest-Based Advertising by one, or all, NAI members.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Masterbuilt Manufacturing, LLC
www.masterbuilt.com
1 Masterbuilt Court Columbus, GA 31907
(706)327-5622
Contact Us
Last updated on February 18, 2020
Close