http://www.blazie.co.uk/site/cookie_policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
Making Software Applications Accessible
Making Websites Accessible
Training
End-to-End Consultancy
Products
JAWS® Screen Reading Software
MAGic® Screen Magnification Software
Openbook® Scanning and Reading Software
Application Add-ins
Support
About
Contact
Cookie Policy
Please take a moment to read our policy
Home
Cookie Policy
Home
About
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
About cookies
This website uses cookies.
By using this website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to Blazie's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
This policy is updated from time to time. The latest version is published on this page.
This website cookie policy was updated on 10 February 2016.
Cookies are files sent by web servers to web browsers, and stored by the web browsers.
The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables a web server to identify and track web browsers.
There are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.
Cookies on our website
Blazie uses the following cookies on this website, for the following purposes:
To identify users who use this website
To gather general user information, such as location and visit duration, to improve our website service
Google cookies
Blazie uses Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website.
Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers.
The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store and use this information.
Google's privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Third party cookies
When you use this website, you may also be sent the following third party cookies, which may be used for the following purposes:
To identify users of third party content
To gather user behaviour and statistics for improved service or marketing
Refusing cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies.
In Internet Explorer, you can refuse all cookies by clicking "Tools", "Internet Options", "Privacy", and selecting "Block all cookies" using the sliding selector.
In Firefox, you can adjust your cookies settings by clicking "Tools", "Options" and "Privacy".
Blocking cookies will have a negative impact upon the usability of some websites.
Who We Are
Formed in 1999, Blazie has
provided assistive technology services for
numerous organisations across the UK and Ireland
looking to improve accessible technology
for their users.
More about us
Useful Links
About
Services
Products
Support
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Freedom Scientific
Get in Touch
We'd like to hear from you. If you have any questions or comments,
please give us a call or send us an email and we'll contact you as soon as possible.
Midsummer Court, 314 Midsummer Boulevard
Milton Keynes, MK9 2UB
+44 (0) 1908 843 680
info@blazie.co.uk
© 2020 Blazie - All rights reserved.