http://www.thelightingsuperstore.co.uk/privacy
Lighting By Room
Bathroom Lighting
Bathroom Ceiling
Class 2, Double Insulated
LED Bathroom
Mirrors & Mirror Lights
Shaver Lights
Shower Lights
Bathroom Wall
Bathroom Zones Explained
Bedroom Lighting
Bedside Lamps
Bedside Lamps With USB
Bedroom Ceiling Fans
Bedroom Ceiling Lights
Bedroom Wall Lights
Reading Lights (Wall)
Children's Lights
Conservatory Lights
Ceiling Lights
Fan Lights
Floor & Table Lamps
Wall Lights
Dining Room Lights
Ceiling Lights
Floor Lights
Wall Lights
Hallway Lights
Kitchen Lighting
Cabinet Lights
Ceiling Lights
Ceiling Pendants
Island & Breakfast Bar
Plinth & Kickboard
Recessed Downlights
Spotlights
Office Lighting
Office Ceiling Lights
Office Desk Lights
Office Wall Lights
Interior Lighting
Ceiling Lights
Class 2, Double Insulated
Crystal Chandeliers
Flush Fittings
Multi-Arm Modern
Multi-Arm Contemporary
Multi-Arm Traditional
Non Electric Pendants
Pendant Ceiling Lights
Rise and Fall Pendants
Semi Flush Fittings
Stairwell Pendants
Crystal Lighting
Crystal Chandeliers
Crystal Floor Lamps
Crystal Flush & Semi-Flush
Crystal Table Lamps
Crystal Wall Mounted
Fans
Ceiling Fans
Fan Accessories
Floor Lamps
Contemporary Floor Lamps
Crystal Floor Lamps
Modern Floor Lamps
Mother & Child
Reading Lights
Traditional Floor Lamps
Touch Floor Lights
Spotlights
Clamp On
Class 2 Spotlights
Downlights
Fire Rated Spots
LED Downlights
LED Spotlights
Mains Voltage
(Inc LED Options)
Track and Wire Spots
Table Lamps
Task Lights & Desk Lamps
Modern Table Lamps
Contemporary Table Lamps
Traditional Table Lamps
Crystal Table Lamps
Touch Table Lamps
Wall Lights
Class 2, Double Insulated
Contemporary
Crystal Wall Lights
Modern
Picture Lights
Plug in
Traditional
Wall Reading Lights
Wall Washers
Class 2, Double Insulated
Modern Lighting
Lights with USB Ports
Shades
Tiffany
Touch Lights
Under Shelf Lights
Outdoor Lighting
Brick Lights
Class 2, Double Insulated
Coastal Lights
Corner Brackets
Decking Lights
Floodlights
Floor & Table Lamps
Garden Wall Lights
Lamp Posts
Outdoor LED
Lanterns & Flush Lights
Outdoor Spot Lights
Porch Lights
Security Lights
Outdoor Sensors
Solar Lights
Walk/Drive Over
LED Lighting
LED Ceiling Mounted
LED Candle Bulbs
LED DownLights
LED Floodlights
LED Floor Lamps
LED Garden & Outdoor
LED GU10 Light Bulbs
LED Light Bulbs
LED Spotlights
LED Strip Lights
LED Table Lamps
LED Wall Mounted
Accessories
Dimmer Switches
Fire Protection
Interior Sensors
Remote and Touch Control
Miscellaneous Accessories
Shade Carriers & Adaptors
Switches and Sockets
Transformers & LED Drivers
Bulbs
Candle Bulbs
Coloured Bulbs
Fluorescent Bulbs
GLS Bulbs
Golf Ball Bulbs
Halogen Bulbs
LED Bulbs
Pygmy Bulbs
Reflector Bulbs
Unusual Bulbs
Latest Products
Clearance
Facebook Reviews
2020 Festive Opening Times
Loyalty Reward Scheme
Best Price Guaranteed
Home / Customer Help / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and How We Use Your Personal Data
In addition to reviewing this privacy policy, please read our Terms
and Conditions.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the
most recent revision will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued
access of The Lighting Superstore.co.uk by, you will constitute your acceptance
of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
It is the goal of The Lighting Superstore.co.uk to bring you information
that is tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, protect
your privacy. The following is a summary of the various ways we treat
the information you provide us while using our site.
Cookies
If you don't have cookies enabled in your browser for this website then you won't be able to place an order online. The cookies we use are totally harmless and we never use them to record sensitive information about you. If you are unable to use the online shopping basket, then you can still place an order by calling 01225 704442, where our customer service team will be more than happy to help.
Like virtually all web sites we use cookies, nuggets of information that are placed by a Web site in a storage place on your own computer. Our shopping cart uses a cookie known as a "Session Cookie" Also called a transient cookie, a cookie that is erased when you close your Web browser. The session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed. Session cookies do not collect information from the your computer.
We may also use cookies for the purpose of Analytics and to enable us to improve our customer experience.
If you are not happy about our web site storing a cookie on your computer, your web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, then this web site's shopping cart may not function correctly, you will still be able to browse the pages of this web site and order via telephone 01225 704442 (9am - 5pm Mon-Sat).
The Type of Information The Lighting Superstore Collects
The Lighting Superstore.co.uk generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you make an order you are asked to provide information, such as your e-mail address, postal address, name and phone number.
Your contact details and delivery address is passed to our appointed couriers but will only be used by them to carry out the delivery of your order.
How Your Information is Used
The Lighting Superstore.co.uk uses this information to provide you with the service or product you have requested.
The Lighting Superstore.co.uk never has and never will sell any information about our users to any third parties nor will we pass your details on free of charge to any third parties apart from occasions when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose.
IP Addresses
Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our Web site.
Kids and Parents
The Lighting Superstore.co.uk is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 16. Minors between the ages of 16 and 18 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases on this site.
If you have other concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, you may also e-mail our Privacy Policy Coordinator. We welcome your feedback.
You Can also send us regular surface mail at the following address:
Privacy Policy Coordinator
The Lighting Superstore.co.uk
Unit G11
Avonside Enterprise Park
Melksham
Wiltshire
SN12 8BT
Last Revised 18/06/04
COVID-19 Message | Updated 24/11/20 14:04:50
Back to the top
Without JavaScript enabled you won't be able to enjoy all of this website's features.
© 2020 The Lighting Superstore Ltd. Company Number: 07649594. VAT Number: 328 2420 76