http://www.gregorysgroves.com/privacy
IT'S NOT TOO LATE TO SAVE 25% ON ONE GIFT!
Use code NTL25.
SAVE NOW!
Home
privacy
Privacy Policy
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION
We use the information you provide about yourself when inquiring for services. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that inquiry. We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our web site if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our web site will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out a subscription form. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us. Be aware that we will require your full name, address and phone number to help you. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us using the information on our CONTACT US page.
Email Signup
Connect with us
Sign up for Email
special offers from Gregory's Grove