http://www.golfteesetc.com/pages/privacy-policy
Free Shipping on all order over $50
Search
Home
Shop For Products
Personalized Items Tournament Gifts
Personalized Golf Tees
Personalized Golf Balls
Personalized Golf Ball Markers
Personalized Divot Tools
Tournament / Tee Packs
Personalized Golf Hats
Personalized Golf Pencils
Personalized Golf Towels
Personalized Golf Shirts
Personalized Golf Umbrellas
About Us
Contact Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our website uses Secure Socket Layer encryption technology. This means that all information that you send through our website including your name, address and payment information is kept completely secure. This means that you do not have to worry about your information getting being intercepted online. Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology. We DO NOT store or see any credit card numbers ourselves. These are handled securely by our payment provider.
We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.
Your contact information is only ever used by "Golf Tees Etc.". We will never sell on your details or even “rent” them to another company. Your email address is the main contact information we will use. We will send you confirmation emails as well as special promotions occasionally unless requested otherwise. Your phone number is used only to contact you if there is a problem with your order. Your number will also be placed on our shipping labels in case the courier needs to contact you.
We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.
We use analytics tools and other third party technologies, such as Google Analytics and DoubleClick Cookies, to collect non-personal information in the form of various usage and user metrics when you use our online Sites and/or Services.
The third party analytics companies who collect information on our Sites and/or Services and other online products and/or services may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other websites and/or other online or mobile products and services relating to your activities across their network of websites as well as online and/or mobile products and services. Many of these companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies.
In addition to our use of technologies as described herein, we may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of TechSmith Sites and/or Services and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of GolfTeesEtc.com and/or Services. For more information about this practice, please see the "Third Party Advertising Technologies" section below.
You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Google has additional information available about third party advertising technologies. See their Advertising and Remarketing Guidelines and Restrictions.