http://www.estatefurs.com/legal/
The largest online selection of Estate Furs and Pre-owned Luxury Outerwear
Women
Women's Coats
Women's Jackets
Women's Strollers
Women's Vests
Women's Stoles
Women's Ponchos
Women's Shawls
Women's Capes
Women's Parkas
Men
Men's Jackets
Men's Coats
Men's Strollers
Sale
Fur Services
Fur Storage
Fur Repairs
Fur Appraisals
Fur Cleaning & Conditioning
Fur Restyling
Resources
FAQ
Size Guide
Financing
Testimonials
About
Shopping Cart
My Account
Register
Home
Women
Women's Coats
Women's Jackets
Women's Strollers
Women's Vests
Women's Stoles
Women's Ponchos
Women's Shawls
Women's Capes
Women's Parkas
Men
Men's Jackets
Men's Coats
Men's Strollers
Sale
Fur Services
Fur Storage
Fur Repairs
Fur Appraisals
Fur Cleaning & Conditioning
Fur Restyling
Resources
FAQ
Size Guide
Financing
Testimonials
About
Limited Time Designer Sale
Private Sample Sale
Limited Time Designer Sale
Private Sample Sale
Legal
Home
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Sorry, no CODs.
Delivery: Items
will be shipped UPS and signature will be required.
Insurance: All
items shipped are insured for full value until delivered to your location.
Applicable sales tax rates apply.
Order Tracking: To
determine the status of your order, e-mail: info@estatefurs.com In your e-mail,
include your order date, name, and billing address. We'll acknowledge your
e-mail upon receipt and provide you with a status report within 2 business
days.
Order Cancellation: To cancel your order, e-mail: info@estatefurs.com In your e-mail,
include your order number, name, billing address, and items being cancelled.
Once an order has been received or transmitted to a vendor for factory-direct
shipment, there will be a cancellation fee of $25.00. If cancellation is
received after 24 hours of placement of order, a cancellation fee of 30% of
purchase will apply. You are responsible for shipping and handling charges both
ways of canceled orders that have shipped.
Returns: We offer
a 5 day satisfaction money back guarantee. If within 5 days of receipt you are
not pleased with your order, please e-mail: info@estatefurs.com for a return authorization. Send it back to us in unworn condition with
original tags attached, in original packaging. Upon return, complete inspection
and approval, we will process an exchange or refund (less postage/packing
charges). Please be sure to include copy of your invoice.
We recommend you send your return via FedEx, or second day
UPS service. For your own protection insure items for full value. Approved
refunds will be made in the manner of original payment. Please allow 2 to 3
billing cycles for your refund to appear on your statement.
Security: When you
make a purchase, our server uses a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to connect with
you. This protocol will encrypt your credit card information, guarding it from
interception and misuse. Your security and safe shopping environment is our
primary concern.
Privacy Policy
Estate Furs (www.estatefurs.com) has created this privacy
statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following
discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the website
www.estatefurs.com
We use cookies to deliver content specific to your
interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time
you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact
information (like name and email address) and unique identifiers. We use
customer contact information from the registration form to send the user
information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used
to contact the visitor when necessary. Unique identifiers are collected to
verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request
information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information
(like their email address) and unique identifiers. Contact information from the
order form is used to send information to our clients. The customer's contact
information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's
identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Our online forms ask visitors for contact information (like
their email address) and unique identifiers. We use contact data from our forms
to send the user information about our company and develop customized solutions
for our clients. The client's contact information is also used for contact when
necessary. Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify
the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the
loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice / Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving communications from us at the point where we request information
about the visitor.
This site gives users the following option for removing
their information from our database to not receive future communications or to
no longer receive our service.
1. By email: info@estatefurs.com
Correct / Update
This site gives users the following option for changing and
modifying information previously provided.
1. By email: info@estatefurs.com
If you have any questions about this privacy
statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you
can contact us at info@estatefurs.com
Call Us
877-336-5520
Text Us
317-844-8733
We're Available
10:00am-5:00pm EST M-W
TH: Closed for Thanksgiving
10:00am-5:00pm EST Fri-Sat.
Shop Pre-owned Furs
Fur
Alpaca
Cashmere
Leather
Rainwear
Shearling
Suede
Wool
Ski Garment
More Information
Fur Services
FAQ
About Us
Sizing Guide
Testimonials
Help & Support
Guaranteed 5-Day Return Policy - Learn More
Shop with Confidence
Site secured with 256-bit SSL encryption.
Contact Estate Furs
1361 South Rangeline Road, Carmel, IN 46032
Email: info@estatefurs.com
Call at 877-336-5520
Text at 317-844-8733
@estatefurs
@estate_furs
©
EstateFurs.com. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy
Search
×