https://www.lazeme.co.uk/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Menu
Search
My Account
My Basket
Apply Discount Code
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Search:
Login
My Wishlist
My Account
Lazeme - Designs for lazy living
Free UK Delivery & Returns | t: 01536 330713
Menu
Home
WomenLingerieBrasBriefs, Shorts and ThongsBabydolls & ChemisesBRIDALCami and French KnickersCorsets, Basques & WaspiesFreya DECO LingerieFreya FANCIES LingerieSHAPEWEAR and BodiesSPORTSWEAR and AthleisureSuspender BeltsThermals & LoungewearSleepwearSilk NightwearPyjamas and LoungewearCami & ShortsRobes, Wraps & KimonosSwimNEW SwimwearPRE-ORDER SwimwearBikinisTankinisSwimsuitsELOMI SWIM Sizes 16-26Beachwear and SarongsBeach Kaftans and TunicsMaxi DressesBeach BagsScarves and PashminasLadies Clothing - AllDressesTops and TunicsSaleSWIMWEAR SALELINGERIE SALE£5 KNICKERSBEACHWEAR SALESLEEPWEAR SALEGreetings Cards
Brands
Beautiful Bottoms
Bellaju
Bluebella
B.tempt'd
Calla Lily
Charnos
Cyell
Elomi Lingerie
Elomi Swimwear
Fantasie Lingerie
Fantasie Swimwear
Fauve
Freya Lingerie
Freya Swimwear
Goddess
Huit
Lepel
Moontide
Mouille
Mya Beach
Panache
Parfait
Tutti Rouge
Wacoal
Advice
Bra Style Guide
A Perfect Fitting Bra
Bra Fitting VideoBra Fitting Problems
Bra Size Calculator
Bra FAQs
Breast Care Guide
Philosophy
Help
Blog
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Cookies Policy
LAZEME LIMITED ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our terms of use Website Terms and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), the data controller is LAZEME LIMITED of Carlton House, High Street, Higham Ferrers, NN10 8BW.  We have a nominated Data Protection Officer who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice.
Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site [www.lazeme.co.uk] (our site). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our newsletter, post comments and feedback or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a competition or promotion and when you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfilment of your orders.
Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP Addresses And Cookies
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file, a small text file, which is stored on the hard drive of your computer, phone or other web enabled device.  They are not harmful and do not contain any confidential information such as your address or credit card details. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help interaction between you and the website making it faster and easier as they remember who you are and the last time you came to the website.  They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service.  Generally cookies are used to improve your browsing and shopping experience.  By using our site, you also consent to the use of these cookies. They enable us:
To estimate our audience size and usage pattern.
To store information about your product preferences, and so allow us to customise our site according to your individual interests.
To speed up your searches.
To recognise you when you return to our site.
To store the content of your online shopping basket whilst you browse the site and complete an order.
We also offer you the facility to share your experience on our site through social sites such as facebook and twitter.  By using these features, you are also consenting to allow cookies from these providers.  Information on how these providers use cookies can be found on their websites.
We also use behavioural cookies that are liked to services provided by third parties, such as Like buttons and Share buttons.  The third party provides these services in return for recognising that you have visited our website.  We use behavioural cookies to link to social networks like Facebook, who may subsequently use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites. We provide anonymously recorded on-site activity generated from our affiliate partners (via Refersion) for the purpose of paying a commission to affiliates for sales which they have directly driven.
As part of our privacy policy we require your consent to use cookies.  To withdraw your consent, or if you want to be notified on every occasion a cookie is about to be used, you may amend the settings or may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site, including integral aspects of ordering, adding items to your shopping basket or accessing your account. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you log on to our site.
Cookies set prior to you changing your settings will still be on your computer and you can remove them using your browser settings.  To find out more about cookies see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ and www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Safe Storage Of Your Personal Data
Protecting your credit card and order information is important to us. All purchase information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All our online transactions are carried out through Sagepay, a globally recognised payment processing organisation. They handle all your details on their secure servers and all transactional information, including credit card details, is encrypted before transmission. We never see or hold your card details on file at any time in order to give greater security and peace of mind.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Uses Made Of The Information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at unsubscribe@lazeme.co.uk or clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of all our newsletters.  You may also log in to your account and unsubscribe there.
If you are a new customer we will contact you by electronic means concerning your order only if you have consented to this by providing your email address.
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the new 2018 GDPR compliance regulations.
Disclosure Of Your Information
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Lazeme Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Lazeme Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Your Rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes.  All customers who have completed a purchase online will receive our regular newsletter but you can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at unsubscribe@lazeme.co.uk, by clicking on 'unsubscribe' at the bottom of all emails or by logging in to your account and unsubscribing there.
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access To Information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Please address any request to The Data Controller, Lazeme, PO Box 7298, Kettering, NN16 6ES.
Your Consent and Changes To Our Privacy Policy
By using our website and submitting your information to Lazeme Ltd you consent to the collection and use of this information by Lazeme Ltd.  Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@lazeme.co.uk
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
_utma, _utmb, _utmc, _utmz
Google Analytics - Lazeme uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google. We use Google Analytics to collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The anonymous information includes the number of visitors to a site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visit.
helpful guides
Size Guide & International Conversion Charts
Bra Size Calculator
Bra Fitting Guide
Bra Fitting Video
Bra Style Guide
Freya Lingerie
Fantasie Lingerie
Lingerie Lookbook
customer care
Contact Us
Customer Services
Delivery
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Website Terms
about
Our Philosophy
Customer Feedback
Brands
Reviews
newsletter Sign up to receive news about our latest collections and exclusive offers
Subscribe
© 2008-2017 Lazeme Ltd. All Rights Reserved.