https://www.englinsfinefootwear.com/policies/
(800) 705-7463(800) 705-7463 Mon-Fri 9am-6pm Eastern.
FREE Shipping Free Returns, For One Year
Secure Checkout Worry Free Shopping
Home
Policies
Policies
Shipping
Free Economy Shipping to the continental United States via UPS Surepost on orders of $50 or more. Upgrade to UPS Ground and typically receive your package one day earlier for $5.
Shipping costs for orders less than $50 will be determined by item size, but generally fall in the $5-$10 range.
We currently ship to North America, Europe, and Australia.
Some products may not be available for immediate shipment. Please contact us if you would like to confirm if the shoe is in stock.
Visit the Shipping Policies page to see all shipping policies and information.
Returns & Exchanges
Free Returns & Exchanges for one year.
Free return shipping and Free exchanges are not available for international orders.
Products must be in brand new, unworn condition.
Visit the Returns & Exchanges Policies page to see all Return & Exchange policies and information.
Sales Tax
We must charge tax to any orders originating from or shipping to Indiana or Illinois.
Indiana Sales Tax is 7%
Illinois Sales Tax is 6.25%
Visit the Sales Tax Policies page to see all Sales Tax policies and information.
Price Matching
Find a lower price and we will match it.
Exact color, size, and width must be in stock and available for purchase at the competitor's website.
Price Match Guarantee only valid on internet advertised pricing.
We do not match clearance prices because many times we can and do continue to order these products from the manufacturer. We consider a clearance price to be any price more than 20% off the manufacturer's suggested retail price.
Visit the Price Matching Policies page to see all Price Matching policies and information.
Privacy & Security
EnglinsFineFootwear.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We will not sell, trade, or rent any of your personal information to any third party. If you have further questions regarding site security, please feel free to contact us.
All of your transactions are protected by SSL encryption software. We guarantee that every purchase you make at www.englinsfinefootwear.com is 100% safe.
Visit the Privacy & Security Policies page to see all Price Matching policies and information.
Loading... Please wait...
×
×