https://www.hoodfinishing.com/privacy-policy/
Premier Supplier of Wood Finishing and Refinishing Products
About us
Testimonials
Contact us
Home
Links
Our Catalog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Being transmitted over the internet. Our secure servers fully encrypt sensitive data for safe, trouble-free transactions. We utilize the latest security methods and fraud detection techniques to protect any and all information you entrust to us.
Credit card information transmitted online is encrypted while in transit, so even if the information is intercepted, it is useless to a would be thief in that it is encrypted. Shopping with us on line with your credit card is safer than going to your local store or otherwise. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to insure the safety of your transaction.
Privacy Policy
At hoodfinishing.com we are committed to protecting your privacy. When you do an inquiry or place an order with us, we use the information we collect about you to process an order or send you the requested information only, and never sell or pass the information to third party vendors or otherwise. We don’t even badger you with e-mails or offers after the fact.
We respect your privacy!
30 Days Money Back Guarantee
If you are not satisfied with our products we have a firm 30 days money back guarantee. Return the unused portion of the product, with proof of purchase (include a copy of the original and dated sales order) and we will refund you your money less shipping.
NO RETURNS OR REFUNDS AFTER 30 DAYS.
Keep in mind however that our finishes, stains and finish removers, etc, have been proven for many, many years. So, if something does not work as expected, the issue maybe on your end and not the product.
If all fails, please read the label first and follow the directions accordingly, then, if there is still an issue with product performance, do call us at 1-800-229-0934 and ask for tech support. That simple.
Your Best Source For Wood Finishing and Refinishing Products ...
18 Mill Street
Lodi, NJ 07644
1-800-229-0934
973-473-1648
donna@duxpaint.com
bea@duxpaint.com
www.hoodfinishing.com
PRODUCTS CATALOG2020/2021
PRICE LIST2020/2021