http://www.neuchatelchocolates.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement Thank you for shopping at www.neuchatelchocolates.com. Neuchatel Chocolates has created this statement to inform our customers that we respect your privacy. We do not and will not give away, trade, sell or release any information obtained from our customers unless required by law. We keep the information that you provide us to reference your previous purchases, track your orders and improve your overall shopping experience at www.neuchatelchocolates.com.
Member Registration Form Neuchatel Chocolates does not require its visitors to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. If you choose to register for Neuchatel Chocolates Membership, the provided information you supply is used to enhance your shopping experience. Filling out the order form is faster for members, but membership is not necessary to order.
Order Form We keep the information that you provide us to reference your previous purchases, track your orders and improve your overall shopping experience at www.neuchatelchocolates.com. From time to time we may e-mail our customers about special promotions or offers that we may have available. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our e-mail list, please contact us via e-mail at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com or call us at: 610-932-2706.
Security This site uses security measures to protect our customer information from unauthorized viewing, misuse, or alteration while under our control. These security measures include the use of Secured Socket Layers. Our Secure Payment processing is securely transmitted from your browser to our servers using 128 Bit SSL encryption.
All on-line transactions are conducted through a secure connection which has been verified and authenticated by GeoTrust. Click on the GeoTrust icon for security information pertaining to the Neuchatel Chocolates on-line store.
Choice/Opt-Out When you place an order via www.neuchatelchocolates.com or via phone: 610-932-2706, we keep your information on file to reference your previous orders, track packages, and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We may also contact you via e-mail from time-to-time to keep you up-to-date on the latest Neuchatel Chocolates news or to send you our latest catalog. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, prefer not to receive our catalog, or have a new address, please call us at 610-932-2706 or e-mail us at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com .
Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and security, please call us at: 610-932-2706 or e-mail us at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com .
THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT WWW.NEUCHATELCHOCOLATES.COM!
Tweet
From The Blog
“Our party celebrating the golden wedding anniversary of our friends waslast week.
Everyone loved your chocolates -- both because the presentationwas fantastic and taste was fantastic. Great job!
Thanks a bunch.”
Jan