https://www.bestkiteboarding.com/support/privacy-policy/
Home
Support
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
compliant with the European General Data Protection Regulation
This privacy policy sets out how Best Kiteboarding uses and protects any information that you give Best Kiteboarding when you use this website. Best Kiteboarding is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. We work fully compliant with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), your consent is essential for us.
You can check the data we store about you any time. Also you can rectify your personal data in our files or ask us to delete the information about you where the information is not necessary to comply to legal requirements like invoices or shipping documents.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Best Kiteboarding may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes but we will also reach out to you where appropriate or legally mandatory to inform you directly.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name
Contact information including email address
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Your purchasing process in our webshop such as placing an order, abandoning your cart, your IP as well as your payment information. Depending on the payment option you choose your necessary payment details will also be transmitted to your payment gateway of choice. More about this part in the next paragraph
What we do with the information we gather
In order to offer you the best possible user experience and provide the products, features and functions you expect from us we also use external services like plugins, gateways or software solutions.
These can be 3rd party providers who process your data on our behalf. By using this website and acknowledging this privacy policy you agree to these workflows and the related way your personal information is processed. We like to be very transparent about which services these are, what we use it for and where you can get further information about their privacy policy.
Stripe – to process payment by Credit Cards. Check the policy on their website
PayPal – You will be redirected to PayPal with necessary transaction details in order to finalise your purchase on the PayPal portal. We receive the information about the successful payment from PayPal as a result. Check the policy on their website
MailChimp – If you agree to receive a newsletter, your data is shared with MailChimp. Data varies based on the form where you sign up for the newsletter. Minimum set of data is email and name. The information could also include interests, geographical location etc. if you specifically agreed to such usage. MailChimp is a so called marketing automation software and can also record your purchasing process in our webshop in order to provide you with better and more relevant information for future purchases but only to the extend you agreed to receive this information. Check the policy on their website
Wufoo forms – We are using third party forms to collect data because these forms are easier to setup and manageable from a central user interface. The data you enter in these forms is stored on Best Kiteboarding’s Wufoo account and provided to Best internal email recipients or special tools (such as Jira Warranty Manager, Check their policy) to provide the service you requested by actively filling this form and sending the data. Such services can be product registration, warranty claims or your signup for a certain program or activity. Check the policy on their website
JivoChat – We use the external service JivoChat to talk to you on our website or take the conversation to Facebook, email, phone, Telegram or Viber from there in real time. Please read JivoChat’s privacy information for further details.
Holded – Your customer information can also be copied to our ERP system Holded. This information includes customers profiles with name, email address, invoicing and occasionally differing shipping address together with the order information. This process is only taking place in case you were placing an order. Check their policy.
Google Analytics – Your actions on the site may also be tracked by Google Analytics to gather statistical data and better understand your needs and interests as our visitor. Check their policy.
Facebook Pixels – There is a Facebook Pixel installed on our website which may identify you as a Facebook user in order to contact you on Facebook or learn more about you only to the extend you agreed to with your privacy settings on Facebook. Check their policy.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
Why we gather information about you
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each email or you may contact us via our site.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
The information we gather is stored in multiple Data Center locations across the Globe. All of them have multiple layers of security, including firewalls, antivirus protection, and engineering teams to fix possible outages ASAP.
Our website bestkiteboarding.com and most of the website’s content is stored at Factoria Digital. Check the policy on their website
Forms data are stored at Wufoo servers.
Payment processing data is stored at respective payment processors such as (Stripe, PayPal). This info is used later for tracking any fraudulent transactions and customer disputes.
All information processing on the site is encrypted with security certificates to not be easily obtained via browsers.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. We try to be very clear about the fact where we place an external link on our website. You will also notice that the title of the link will warn you about being redirected to the other, external website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at policy@bestkiteboarding.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to policy@bestkiteboarding.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the address provided below. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
How to Contact Us
Sonora Time Plus S.L.
https://www.bestkiteboarding.com/
CIF: B88141387CL Castellar de la Frontera, 224 Pol. Industrial La Vega11380 Tarifa España
policy@bestkiteboarding.com
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Last Update: May 5, 2020
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.