http://www.blazie.co.uk/site/privacy_policy
Toggle navigation
Home
Services
Making Software Applications Accessible
Making Websites Accessible
Training
End-to-End Consultancy
Products
JAWS® Screen Reading Software
MAGic® Screen Magnification Software
Openbook® Scanning and Reading Software
Application Add-ins
Support
About
Contact
Privacy Notice
Please take a moment to read our policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Home
About
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Privacy Notice – Blazie Engineering Limited
1. Introduction
Please read this privacy notice carefully as it sets out how and why Blazie Engineering Limited (“Blazie”, “we”, “us”, “our”) uses your personal information when you access our website and/or services, as well as explaining certain legal rights that you have under data protection laws.
At Blazie, we provide specialist assistive technology services (the “Services”). In accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018, Blazie is registered on the public Register of Data Controllers as maintained by the UK’s data protection regulator, the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). This means that Blazie is legally responsible for handling your personal information.
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy notice please contact us via:
Telephone: Barry Webb or Terry Clarke, 01908843680
Email: terry.clarke@blazie.co.uk
We may change this privacy notice from time to time by updating this page. This privacy notice does not apply to any third-party websites to which you may be directed from our website and we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third parties and your use of them is at your own risk.
This website privacy policy was updated on 19 November 2020.
2. What personal information do we collect about you?
In order to provide our Services, we will need to collect and use certain information about you such as:
your name;
job title and nature of your role;
name of the organisation you work for;
email address;
postal address;
telephone number;
any equipment/software you use or wish to have customised; and
the products/services you are interested in.
We will also need to ask about disabilities/health conditions that you may have in order to best tailor our Services to your needs. Such information is categorised as sensitive personal information under data protection laws and so we ask for your consent before collecting this information from you. For more information about the legal bases which we rely on to use your personal information, please see section 4 of this privacy notice.
Note that we may collect the above information either directly from you, or from third parties such as the organisation you work for (e.g. where we are entering into a contract directly with it, rather than with you), or via a referral from Access to Work or a relevant charitable organisation, such as the RNIB.
Payment card information
In addition, where we enter into a contract directly with you, we will need to collect and use your payment information, including your credit/debit card details. This type of information is processed strictly in accordance with relevant payment card industry standards.
Automated interactions
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect information from your device by using cookies and other similar technologies. Processing such information is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interests in improving our website and providing a more relevant service to our customers. This information is not used to develop a personal profile of you. For further details, please see our cookies policy.
3. How do we use your personal information?
Your personal information will be used so that we can provide our Services to you, such as conducting assessments, coding, training and reporting. This includes using the information you provide to us in order to assess what IT adjustments you require to perform your job role or your organisation requires to provide accessible technology to its userbase.
We may use email and/or telephone to contact you, to arrange remote assistance, onsite visits, training sessions or any other matters relevant to providing you with our Services.
4. On what legal basis does Blazie process your personal information?
There are a limited number of grounds on which an organisation is permitted to handle personal information, known as the “legal basis for processing”. In general, we need this information because it is necessary in Blazie’s legitimate interests to provide our Services to you, but only in circumstances where these interests are not outweighed by the need to protect your privacy. Alternatively, where we have entered into a contract with you directly as an individual (i.e. rather than via the organisation you work for), we need your personal information to be able to perform our contract with you.
Furthermore, we rely on obtaining your explicit consent for handling sensitive information about you such as your disability/health status. Please note that you may withdraw consent at any time after you have given it, although this would not affect the lawfulness of Blazie’s prior use of that information. However, due to the specific nature of our business, it is essential for us to collect and use sensitive personal information to be able to provide our Services to you and so withdrawing your consent could directly impact our ability to engage with you.
5. Does Blazie use your personal information for marketing purposes?
As a general rule, we will not contact you through direct marketing, but if this changes in the future and we feel it appropriate to reach out to you, we will of course comply with applicable direct marketing laws.
6. Who do we share your personal information with?
We may share information that you have provided to us with the organisation that you work for, with Access to Work, or other charitable organisations acting on your behalf in order to report our assessment findings and quote for anticipated work for example. We may also share your personal information as necessary with other service providers acting on our behalf, who will only use the information to provide that service. However, we will retain control of your data and any third party service provider that we use must act in accordance with the Data Protection Act 2018. We may also share your personal information with a purchaser or potential purchaser of our business.
In some circumstances, we may have to disclose your personal information for legal or regulatory purposes, such as where a court, the police or other law enforcement agency or regulatory body has asked us for it.
7. Is your personal information transferred overseas?
Blazie does not currently transfer personal information outside of the UK, but in the event that we do in the future, we will put in place contractual or other appropriate protections to ensure that your information is safeguarded to the same standards as UK data protection law.
8. What rights do you have concerning your personal information?
You may have various legal rights in relation to your personal information, such as the right to complain to the ICO (see section 9 below). This privacy notice does not list every right that you have under the Data Protection Act 2018, but we have set out the ones we consider most relevant to the handling of your personal information by Blazie in the context of providing our Services to you.
You may have the right to ask Blazie to:
provide a copy of your personal information;
correct any inaccuracies in your personal information;
withdraw your consent at any time to Blazie handling your personal information, where we rely on consent as the legal basis to do this (see section 4); and
delete your personal information, where there is no lawful justification for Blazie to retain it.
You may also have the right to object to Blazie using your personal information, where we do this for the purposes of our legitimate interests as outlined in section 4 above. If you lodge such an objection, we will stop using the relevant information unless we identify compelling legitimate grounds for continuing to use your personal information which override your rights and interests.
To exercise or enquire about the above rights, please see section 13 below.
9. Complaining to the ICO
If you are unhappy with the way Blazie is handling your personal information, please let us know.
Alternatively, if you do not agree with the way we have processed your information or responded to your concerns, you have a right to submit a complaint to the ICO:
https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
10. How long do we retain your personal information for?
We will hold your personal information for as long as is necessary for the relevant service you have requested or as required by law, or for accounting or regulatory purposes, or as otherwise described in this privacy notice.
11. Children
We do not typically provide our Services to children under the age of 18, but occasionally we may work with school students. Such interactions will of course take place after obtaining the child’s and/or parents’ consent as appropriate.
12. How do we keep your personal information secure?
We are committed to ensuring that any personal information that you provide to us in the course of using our Services is kept securely. This includes implementing appropriate physical and technological security measures, such as access controls and careful selection of staff and third party service providers.
13. How can you contact us?
If you have any queries relating to this Privacy Notice, please contact Blazie’s office manager, by emailing barry.webb@blazie.co.uk.
Who We Are
Formed in 1999, Blazie has
provided assistive technology services for
numerous organisations across the UK and Ireland
looking to improve accessible technology
for their users.
More about us
Useful Links
About
Services
Products
Support
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Freedom Scientific
Get in Touch
We'd like to hear from you. If you have any questions or comments,
please give us a call or send us an email and we'll contact you as soon as possible.
Midsummer Court, 314 Midsummer Boulevard
Milton Keynes, MK9 2UB
+44 (0) 1908 843 680
info@blazie.co.uk
© 2020 Blazie - All rights reserved.