http://www.sewterific.com/privacypolicy.htm
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Sew Terific Designs.
Our postal address is
Aiken, SC 29803
(Please e-mail
teri@sewterific.com for street
address).
We can be reached via e-mail at teri@sewterific.com
or you can reach us by telephone at (803) 341-1251 Mon.-Fri. 8:30 am - 3:30 pm Eastern time.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes and .
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address, writing to us at the above address.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, writing to us at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Click on thumbnail below to go to
collection:
Baskets:
Redwork:
Holiday:
Alphabets:
Children:
Red Hat:
Appliqué:
Primitive Designs:
More Teri-fic Designs:
Mix 'n Match Singles:
Animals
Baskets
Bears
Children
Christian
Clocks Crafts/Sewing  Double
Appliqué
Holiday-Fall Holiday-Spring
Holiday-Summer
Holiday-Winter
Misc.
Moms SC
Sports
Transportation
All design files and derivative works are Copyright
1998 - 2019 Sew Terific Designs.  Feel
free to embroider these designs for personal use or on items for sale.  You may not
transfer, sell, share, or post these design files or images of them anywhere without written permission.
See www.copyright.gov
or
www.WhatIsCopyright.org
for
more information on copyrights.