http://www.unitedsportapparel.com/privacy-policy
An error has occurred.
Error: Hotcakes Mini Cart is currently unavailable.
Fairfield, NJ Showroom will open Today at 9 AM
Design Your Jacket
Find Your School
How It Works
Corporate Jackets
Styling Celebrities
In Movies
In Music
Need Help?
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
FAQ
Find Your Size
Jacket Style Gallery
Press Room
View our Catalog
Fairfield, NJ Showroom will open Today at 9 AM
Design Your Jacket
Find Your School
How It Works
Corporate Jackets
In Movies
In Music
About Us
Blog
Contact Us
FAQ
Find Your Size
Jacket Style Gallery
Press Room
View Our Catalog
Privacy Statement
United Sport Apparel is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the United Sport
Apparel Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the United Sport Apparel website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Information Collection:
United Sport Apparel collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. United Sport Apparel also collects
anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by United Sport Apparel. This information can include: your IP address, browser type,
domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by United Sport Apparel for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to
provide general statistics regarding use of the United Sport Apparel Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through United Sport Apparel public message boards, this information may be
collected and used by others. Note: United Sport Apparel does not read any of your private online communications.
United Sport Apparel encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from United Sport Apparel so that you can understand how those Web sites
collect, use and share your information. United Sport Apparel is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the United Sport Apparel and United Sport Apparel
family of Web sites.
Information Use:
United Sport Apparel collects and uses your personal information to operate the United Sport Apparel Web site and deliver the services you have requested. United Sport Apparel also uses your
personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from United Sport Apparel and its affiliates. United Sport Apparel may also contact you via surveys to
co 						nduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
United Sport Apparel does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. United Sport Apparel may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a
particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, United Sport Apparel may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries.
All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to United Sport Apparel, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your
information.
United Sport Apparel does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
United Sport Apparel keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within United Sport Apparel, in order to determine what United Sport Apparel services are the most popular.
This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within United Sport Apparel to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
United Sport Apparel Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: 						(a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on United Sport Apparel or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of United Sport Apparel; and, (c) act under
exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of United Sport Apparel, or the public.
Use of Cookies:
The United Sport Apparel Web site uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be
used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For
example, if you personalize United Sport Apparel pages, or register with United Sport Apparel site or services, a cookie helps United Sport Apparel to recall your specific information on
subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same United Sport
Apparel Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the United Sport Apparel features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the United Sport Apparel services or Web sites you visit.
Information Protection:
United Sport Apparel secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. United Sport Apparel secures the personally identifiable information you provide
on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other
Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement:
United Sport Apparel will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. United Sport Apparel encourages you to periodically review this
Statement to be informed of how United Sport Apparel is protecting your information.
Privacy Administrator
United Sport Apparel
20 Gloria Lane
Fairfield, NJ 07004
973-575-7840
info@unitedsportapparel.com