http://www.salsaexpress.com/t-privacy.aspx
Just $7.99 flat rate shipping on your entire order!
Checkout
View Cart (0)
Account
My Account
My Orders
Login
Fiery foods since 1991!
Offering more than 2,000 items!
Salsa, Hot Sauce, Condiments and More!
Toggle navigation
Menu
Gift Ideas
Salsa
Hot
Medium
Mild
Bean Salsas Chipotle Salsas
Corn Salsas
Fruit Salsas
Garden Salsas Garlic Salsas
Green/Tomatillo Salsas
Olive Salsas
Salsa Mixes
View All Salsas
Hot Sauce
Mild
Medium
Hot
Super Hot
Unique Cayenne
Chipotle
Fruity
Garlic
Ghost Pepper Habanero
Jalapeno
Other Pepper Varieties
Collectors
View All Hot Sauces
All Categories
Gifts
Samplers
Dietary Need
Salsa
Hot Sauce
Queso and Dips
Chili
BBQ Soups and Stews
Dip Mixes
Cheeseball Mixes
Seasoning Mixes
Gravy Mixes
Breads and Biscuits
Batters and Breadings
Condiments Jellies, Jams, Etc.
Snacks
Drink Mixes
Meal Ideas
Accessories
Sales & Specials
Browse Brands
Sales & Specials
About Us
About Us
FAQs
Shipping
Contact Us
We recognize and respect your desire for privacy and security as you visit our site. When you visit our site to view any pages or review product information, you do so without telling us who you are and without revealing any personal information. While we do not collect identifying information about visitors to our site, we do use standard software to collect information for the strict purpose of tracking activity on our site. This allows us to better understand how many people use our site and which pages and features are most popular. The only information we normally collect and store is:
The name of your Internet service provider.
The web site that referred you to us (if any).
The date and time the pages were accessed.
The page or pages you requested.
There are instances where you may elect to provide us with personal information. If you fill out one of our feedback or request forms or send us email, you are transmitting the information that appears to you in the form or the message. This will typically include information like your name, email address, the kind of request you are making, and any other information necessary to fulfill your request. You never transmit personally identifying information that you do not enter yourself. And this is always your option; this information cannot be collected unless you specifically elect to send it to us. This information is used internally only for the purpose of fulfilling the request or for contacting you directly and is not given or sold to any other organization.
When you place an order with us, you submit personally identifying information via our secure checkout. This information is encrypted, or scrambled, by your browser before it is transmitted back to our web site. This effectively prevents anyone from intercepting and reading any personal information about you. Note that this encryption does not take place if you send us email, but only when you use your web browser and our secure checkout system.
Our website and shopping cart system is fully certified by Visa/Mastercard to meet CISP/PCI PABP requirements for payment processing. We do not store any of your credit card data other then the last four digits (for transaction identification purposes).
Other personal information is stored securely and is used to service your account and provide you with useful account management tools. If you indicate a desire to be on our mailing list, you will receive occasional emails regarding new offerings, promotions, newsletters and other special announcements. As a customer, we may contact you very occasionally via email regardless of your indication to receive regular emails. We currently do not use direct mail or telemarketing methods as a form of contact with our customers but we reserve the right to do so in the future.
If you are purchasing from us for another person, the information you provide us about the recipient is not used for any purpose other than order fulfillment.
Under no circumstances is information regarding you or your gift recipient given or sold to any other organization.
We hope you find our website useful and informative and are always willing to answer questions and receive suggestions. Thank you.
* We reserve the right to change our privacy policy. A revised policy statement will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions will be posted at least 30 days prior to its effective date.
Customer Service
Contact Us
Order Tracking
Your Account
Store Policies & Info
Shipping
Returns
FAQs
Privacy Policy
Security
Helpful Links
About Us
Site Map
Payment Methods
© 2020. All Rights Reserved.
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Update Totals
Close
Checkout
Loading...