http://www.sylmasta.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home / Terms and Conditions
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of our website; by using our website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use our website.
Supplier Code of Conduct
All Sylmasta suppliers are bound by the terms of Sylmasta’s Supplier Code of Conduct.
Supplier-Code-of-Conduct-2018
Environmental Policy
Sylmasta-Environmental-Policy
Content
This Site is owned by Sylmasta, Unless otherwise stated, we or our licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website. Subject to the licence below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions. You must not:
(a) republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
(b) sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
(c) show any material from the website in public;
(d) reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on our website for a commercial purpose;
(e) edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or
(f) redistribute material from this website except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution.
Charges for the use of our intellectual property will be implemented if Sylmasta find these contidtions are breached. Sylmasta charge a flat rate of £5 a day for stolen inellectual property and will backdate to the earliest point of useage.
About Us
This web site is owned and operated by Sylmasta Ltd who are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments or if you need to contact us, please email us using the link on the store page or use the details below.
Our Contact details
Sylmasta Ltd
Halland House, Dales Yard Lewes Road Scaynes Hill West Sussex RH17 7PG United Kingdom
Phone: +44 (0) 1444 831459
Fax: +44 (0) 1444 831971
Email: sales@sylmasta.com
VAT Number: GB 620 6627 58
Coupons
Only one coupon is valid per order, unless otherwise stated.
Making A Purchase
If you prefer to place your order direct or have a query you would like to discuss before purchasing, simply telephone us on 01444 831459
Sylmasta are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments please email us at: suggestions@sylmasta.com.
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on ‘Checkout’ and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
We accept card payments. If you are shopping from outside the UK, place your order and your card company will convert the transaction to your own currency.
We accept Visa and MasterCard. Backordered items are not charged until they are shipped. If you do not wish to pay online, you may send your card information via phone, fax or by post.
If you have made a mistake in your order and cannot correct it in the shopping cart, contact us and we will correct the mistake.
When confirmation of your order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Shipping And Handling Whilst Sylmasta endeavours to ensure that all shipping costs and taxes are accounted for when an order is placed, very occasionally an order may be subject to unanticipated shipping charges or taxes.
Should this occur, we will inform you of these additional costs prior to shipping, giving you the option to authorise their payment or to cancel your order with a full refund.
Delivery Schedule
We will normally dispatch your order within 5 working days.
UK orders are normally received within 2 days following dispatch.
International orders are generally received within 5 to 10 days of dispatch.
Occasionally, we may be out of stock of one of your items. In such events, we shall endeavour to dispatch your order as soon as the item is back in stock.
We reserve the right to add any additional carriage charges and import taxes to orders, we will notify you first and give you the oppotunity to cancel the order.
We will always supply information on request to support these additional charges.
Delivery shall be deemed to be effective when the Goods are unloaded at the delivery address nominated by the Buyer or his agent for delivery, except where the Goods are to be collected by the Buyer or his agent, when delivery shall be deemed to be effective when the Goods are loaded onto the vehicle collecting them. The Company reserves the right to deliver Goods by instalments and in such event each instalment shall be treated as a separate Contract provided that deliveries of further instalments may be withheld until the Goods or materials comprised in earlier instalments have been paid for in full. We make every effort to abide by any agreed delivery date but we can accept no liability in respect of non-delivery or delayed deliveries.
You agree that proof of delivery supplied by our delivery company is sufficient evidence to establish that goods have been received.
Back Orders
Occasionally, we may be out of stock of one of your items. In such events, we shall endeavour to dispatch your order as soon as the item is back in stock.
Should any item ordered be out of stock for longer than 30 days, we will offer you a full refund for that item.
Tax Charges
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added.
All orders placed outside of the European Union, are exempt of VAT tax.
OUR VAT NUMBER IS: GB 620 6627 58
Credit Card Security
When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site.
Guarantee Incorrect Delivery of Goods
In the unlikely event of an incorrect delivery, please notify us as soon as is practicable, where possible within 2 working days.
Faulty goods
Notify us of faulty goods by email, fax or telephone, as soon as is practicable, where possible within 2 working days, with details of the problem.
Disclaimer
Sylmasta and its agents cannot assume liability or responsibility for results obtained in the use of its products by persons whose methods are outside or beyond our control. It is the user’s responsibility to determine the suitability of any of the products and methods of use or preparation prior to use mentioned in our literature and furthermore the users responsibility to observe and adopt such precautions as may be advisable for the protection of personnel and property in the handling and use of any of our products.
Reaching Us If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the store page, alternatively, you can call on +44 (0) 1444 831459 (International +44 +44 (0) 1444 831459) or fax us on +44 (0) 1444 831971 or write to us at Halland House, Dales Yard Lewes Road Scaynes Hill West Sussex RH17 7PG United Kingdom
Privacy Policy
Sylmasta Ltd do not disclose buyers’ information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party.
Cookies are used on this shopping site where they are strictly necessary for the site functionality or to improve your experience with the website by following how you use the website. They are used to aid navigation, to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart and to ensure that the website is. If you log in to an account, your logged-in status is recorded in a temporary cookie. If you select the ‘Remember Me’ Option in the checkout, a cookie will be used to remember your details. You can turn off cookies by blocking them in your browser Privacy settings. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or benefit from the other features that use them.
Data collected by this site is used to:
a. Take and fulfil customer orders.
b. Administer and enhance the site and marketing services.
c. Only disclose information to third-parties for goods delivery purposes.
Returns Policy
Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive.
You are entitled to cancel your order and return the goods within 7 working days for a full refund, including the cost of delivery. Please note that Sylmasta may apply a 15% restocking charge. Do this by contacting us by email or telephone and quoting the order number supplied to you. Your refund will be paid within 30 days. You are responsible for the cost and risk of loss or damage when returning the goods, so you should take out enough postal insurance to cover their value. This cancellation policy does not affect your rights when we are at fault – for example, if goods are faulty or misdescribed.
Any goods returned should be in saleable condition.
These terms apply to your order. We may change our terms and conditions at any time, so please do not assume that the same terms will apply in the future.
None of these terms affect your legal rights and these are not diminished in any way. If any term is held to be invalid under any applicable statute or rule of law, that term is automatically omitted from the terms to minimum extent necessary to comply with the law and without affecting the validity or enforceability of the remainder.
Modern Slavery Policy
Sylmasta complies with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and the Equality Act 2010 and this is reflected in the below policy.
Child Labour
No employees below the minimum work age are employed within the organisation.  The ages of employees are verified before employment with Sylmasta.
Forced Labour
Sylmasta recognises the right of workers’ freedom of movement, does not withhold original identification, and does not use debt bondage etc. Sylmasta do not use advanced resignation letters or force workers to work past their resignation date. No stage of human trafficking is tolerated within the organisation or by suppliers.
Cookies are used to ensure you are given the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.OkPrivacy policy