https://www.hearstmagazines.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
COVID-19 Update - Stay up to date with the status of your subscription delivery and orders
Menu
close
Home
Magazine SubscriptionsBestCosmopolitanCountry LivingELLEELLE DecorationEsquireGood HousekeepingHarper's BazaarHouse BeautifulMen's HealthPrimaRedRunner's WorldTown & CountryWomen's HealthBeauty Boxes ELLE Beauty Advent CalendarEsquire + Beast Grooming BoxGood Housekeeping Beauty BoxHarper's Bazaar Award Winners Beauty BoxRed Beauty BoxChristmas Gift Shop Best SellersMagazines with Free Gifts For the Trendsetter For the Home LoverFor the Outdoorsy Type For the FoodieFor the Fitness Fanatic For the Beauty LoverGift BoxSingle issuesCosmopolitan Single IssuesCountry Living Single IssuesELLE Single IssuesELLE Decoration Single IssuesEsquire Single IssuesGood Housekeeping Single IssuesHarper's Bazaar Single IssuesHouse Beautiful Single IssuesMen's Health Single IssuesPrima Single IssuesRed Single IssuesRunner's World Single IssuesWomen's Health Single IssuesSpecial EditionsCountry Living SpecialsELLE Decoration SpecialsEsquire SpecialsGood Housekeeping SpecialsHarper's Bazaar SpecialsHouse Beautiful SpecialsMen's Health SpecialsPrima SpecialsRunner's World SpecialsTown and Country SpecialsWomen's Health SpecialsPrima PatternHolidaysGood Housekeeping HolidaysCountry Living HolidaysPrima HolidaysRed EscapesWomen's Health HolidaysRenewals
Account
Home
Terms and Conditions
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Please ensure we have all of your most up to date contact details so we can let you know of any important updates regarding your subscription.  Update your contact details here.
New subscriptions:
In order to offer you our fantastic savings, subscriptions may not include promotional items packaged with the magazine at newsstand.
If you’ve supplied a valid email address, your order will be acknowledged via email within 48 hours with confirmation of your start issue. Alternatively, if we don't hold an email address, your order will be acknowledged within 5 working days by post.
Savings are based on the UK basic cover price of magazines, offers are valid for specified region and by payment method advertised only.
If the magazine you subscribe to offers a regular free email newsletter and we have your valid email address, we will automatically be opted-in to receive this. Whilst you're waiting for your issue to arrive, your newsletter will be sent within 5 days. Should you wish to opt-out of the free email newsletter you are entitled to do so at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained within the email. Opting out of the free email newsletter does not alter any of the subscription terms and conditions. If you choose not to renew your subscription of if you cancel your subscription, you will continue to receive the free email newsletter and you can opt out of these any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link.
If we have your email address, we will send you service emails relating to your subscription such as issue dispatch notifications, feedback surveys, and these will be sent regardless of your marketing communication preferences - to ensure you receive these notifications please update your details here.In addition, as part of your subscription agreement, Hearst may contact you for research purposes to find out about your experiences with the magazine.
Free welcome gift(s) are subject to availability, should we run out of the listed item you will be offered an alternative product of a similar value. The welcome gift will be sent separately to your magazine and we ask customer to allow up to 28 days for delivery. We will notify you via email once the gift has been dispatched or if there are any unforeseen delays. Please note, free gifts are sent to the billing address of the payer and not the gift recipients.
Subscription terms vary depending on the magazine, the number of issues in your subscription will be outline in your acknowledgement email or letter.
Magazine frequencies are subject to and we receive the reserve the right to adjust these at any time, we’ll notify customers in advance of any changes and inform you, should this change your debit debt collection dates.
During your subscription term we reserve the right to increase your direct debit payment, however we’ll notify you prior to changes by email or by post.
Gift Subscriptions: If you've purchased a gift subscription, please note, we will notify you once we have dispatched the 1st issue to the recipient. If the recipient wishes to receive future service emails relating to their subscription, they can update their details here.
Direct Debit offers: An initial payment for the number of issues specified in the applicable offer will be taken and the subscription will continue at the step-up rate specified, unless you are notified otherwise.
One-off payment offer: If you are not entirely satisfied with your subscription, you can request a refund for any un-mailed issues at any time.
Prima Pattern: If you would like to receive the complimentary pattern as part of your subscription, please contact us requesting to opt in.
For UK subscription enquiries, please telephone +44 (0)1858 438838. For overseas subscription enquiries, call +44 (0)1858 438794 or visit our FAQ's
Subscription Cancellations:
Direct Debit Subscriptions will automatically renew and can be cancelled anytime. Please note, future subscription terms will be cancelled so be sure to contact us 28 days before your next payment is due.
Should you wish to cancel your subscription, you can do this at any time by contacting us.
If you cancel your subscription, as part of your subscription agreement and regardless of your marketing communication preferences, Hearst may contact you for research purposes to find out about your experience with the magazine and look to find an alternative solution which fits your needs. Just to reiterate this contact is regardless of their marketing communication preferences.
If there is an issue processing your order or your magazine is returned as undelivered by Royal Mail, Hearst will contact you immediately to ensure you receive an uninterrupted service.
Subscription Renewals:
You will receive all issues specified in the applicable offer. For more information please refer to Terms and Conditions specified on the applicable offer.
To ensure you don’t miss any issues, we will contact you before the expiry date of your magazine to remind you to renew to ensure you receive an uninterrupted service .
As park of your subscription agreement and regardless of your marketing communication preferences, Hearst will contact you up to 3 months after expiry with renewal reminders and we can backdate any missed issues where possible.
Beauty boxes:
Your order should be delivered within roughly 7-10 from when the package leaves the warehouse. Occasionally, due to problems that are beyond our control e.g. Holidays, late delivery of stock/weather conditions, it is possible that orders may be delivered later than 7-10 working days after placing your order.
If an item is missing or damaged, please send a photograph to beautyboxes@subscription.co.uk stating your full name, order number, reason for return. Once we receive your request our Customer Service team will then be able to assist you and provide a suitable solution.
If you are not entirely happy with your purchase, please return your box in all the original packaging with your order details and proof of payment with ‘RETURN’ clearly marked on the outer box. Please note, in order to receive a full refund, the box and contents must not be used and in their original packaging. If the items are found to be used, Hearst reserve the right to refund. Return Address - Europa Warehouse, Unit 4 Shipton Way, Express Business Park, Northampton Road, Rushden, Northants, NN10 6GL.
Customers are responsible for paying the duty and other customs clearing expenses.
The customer is responsible for return delivery charges and we recommend you return items via insured, registered or recorded delivery.
Although we endeavour to ensure that the information on our website is accurate and reliable, there may be instances where descriptions or products may contain pricing errors, typos and other errors which we may correct without liability.
We also reserve the right to cap quantities purchased and to amend, suspend, or terminate a promotion at any time due to inventory, shortages, or user breach - including after an order has been placed/processed.
Actual colours/shades may vary from the colour on your screen due to monitor colour restrictions, therefore colour finishes displayed online are intended as a guide only.
In some circumstances where a certain product is unavailable another product of equal or higher value will be used as a substitute.
Subscribers will receive a 20% discount off any full price beauty box, if the box is discounted during sale periods, the 20% discount doesn’t apply.
Red Smart Academy Courses:
It is important that you have read and understood these conditions as you will be deemed to have accepted them when you make a payment to Falmouth Flexible or to Hearst UK for your Red Smart Academy course.
1. Who is Red Smart Academy?
1.1. Red Smart Academy is a partnership between Falmouth Flexible and The National Magazine Company Limited established to provide personal and professional development courses.
1.2. Falmouth Flexible is the trading name used by Falmouth University for the delivery of their portfolio of online courses. Falmouth Flexible Limited is the name of the company set up with the sole purpose of delivering the Falmouth Flexible courses. Falmouth Flexible Ltd, whose registered address is at Kett House, Station Road, Cambridge CB1 2JH, is registered in England under company number 10062305.
1.3. Falmouth University delivers these courses in partnership with Cambridge Education Group Ltd (CEG)
1.4. Red Magazine is part of Hearst UK, the trading name of The National Magazine Company Ltd, whose registered address is 30 Panton Street, Leicester Square, London SW1Y 4AJ; registered in England under the company number 112955.
2. Booking
2.1. Bookings for the course must be made using the form available on the Falmouth Flexible website or via the Hearst UK website.
2.2 By accepting your place, you warrant that you have a comfortable level of English language (speaking, listening, reading & writing) proficiency that will enable you to comfortably engage with and successfully complete the course.
2.3. The course is delivered wholly online; by accepting a place you warrant that you have a reliable internet connection capable of supporting your participation on the course; the minimum internet speed required is 512kbps.
2.4. We cannot accept your booking unless you are aged 18 or over. By submitting your booking, you warrant that you are aged 18 or over. If this turns out to be incorrect, we will be entitled to cancel your place on the course on written notice to you.
3. Fees and payment
3.1. Full payment of fees must be received prior to the commencement of the course. Your place cannot be guaranteed until a completed booking form and full payment has been received. You will receive an acknowledgement of your payment and acceptance to the course within 3 working days from your payment being made.
3.2. Fees can be paid via the Checkout on our on the Hearst Magazines website www.hearstmagazines.co.uk/red-smart-academy or the Falmouth website (https://flexible.falmouth.ac.uk/red-smart-academy/) and can be made by Credit or Debit card or PayPal. We do not accept bank transfers or cheque.
4. Cancellation by us
4.1. Please note that all courses are subject to minimum numbers and may be cancelled if too few bookings are received.
4.2. If we cancel a course we will endeavour to give you at least two weeks’ notice and offer a place on a subsequent course or a full refund for the course fee.
4.3. We reserve the right to the following:-
4.3.1 amend the course content
4.3.2. change the courses dates
4.3.4. substitute lecturers and tutors;
5. Cancellation by you
5.1. You have the right to cancel your acceptance of the place within 14 days of the receipt of payment. You do not need to give a reason, but you must inform us in writing by email at:
5.1.1. If purchased via redsmartacademy.co.uk, please email Red Smart Academy.
5.1.2. If purchased via hearst.co.uk, please contact redsmartacademy@hearst.co.uk
5.2. If you cancel within this period and you have not enrolled on the course or accessed the course content, you will receive a full refund of fees paid. If you withdraw after the 14 day period, no refund will be given.
5.3. If you cancel within 14 days of receipt of payment but you have enrolled on to the course and accessed the course content, you will be entitled to a refund minus an administration fee of £50 and a deduction for the content you have accessed.
5.3.1 The deduction will be calculated based on the number of weeks’ content you have accessed (for example, if the total cost of a four-week course is £400 and you have accessed one week’s content, you will be deducted £100 + £50 administration fee = total refund of £250).
5.4. We aim to process refunds within 3 weeks of your request. Please note, at busy periods this may take longer.
5.5. All refunds will be calculated in Pounds Sterling. No refund for any shortfalls due to exchange rate fluctuations, or other compensation for any bank or other charges incurred shall be made.
5.6. All refunds will be only paid to the original payee.
5.7. You can also request to defer your place to a future instance of the course should there be one within the next 12 month period. Please contact the e-mail address above. All requests will be considered and agreed at our discretion.
6. Non-attendance
6.1. Non-attendance due to illness, for personal or professional reasons, or due to technical problems arising from your services or equipment, does not guarantee the right to a refund, extra tuition or a course transfer. However, in such an event we will consider all the circumstances and take such action that we consider to be fair and reasonable.
6.2. Please note that if alternative options are offered there may be an additional administrative or fee charges. If this is the case, this will be made clear prior to any alternative being agreed.
7. Certificates
7.1. On completion of a non-credit bearing short course, Red Smart Academy and Falmouth University will provide you with a certificate of completion (unless you fail to engage with or complete the course). The name given on the booking form will be the one that appears on the certificate and it will be emailed to the address given at the point of booking.
7.1.1 7.1.1. The certificate of completion offered is dependent upon your full participation with the course and will be issued on completion of a multiple-choice quiz at the end of the course. Whilst there is no formal assessment of your learning, students are expected to engage with scheduled sessions and the course content. If it is found that you have not been logging in to the course VLE, we reserve the right not to issue the certificate of completion and no refund will be made in this circumstance.
7.2. Please note that the certificate does not entitle you to any university credit.
7.3. If you fail to complete the course you will not be entitled to retake it. If you wish to take the course again you should rebook and pay again for the next available date.
8. Code of Conduct
8.1.Participants are expected to conduct themselves in a professional manner and with respect for the online environment, fellow participants, teachers and support staff. If a participant becomes persistently disruptive, they may receive a verbal or written warning and, if this does not resolve the situation, we reserve the right to withdraw you from the course without refunding any fees paid or issuing the certificate of completion.
9. Disabled participants
If you have study support needs related to a disability, including dyslexia and other specific learning needs, mental health conditions, or other health conditions, we will seek to support you whenever reasonably possible. If you have not yet disclosed that disability, we would encourage you to do so at the earliest opportunity to assist us in putting in place the appropriate support in good time. You can tell us about the support you need by disclosing your disability before or during your application, or once you have accepted a place on your course; please email us to
Red Smart Academy to discuss your requirements.
10. Complaints
10.1.If you have any complaints about the course or associated services, please raise this with us in writing to Red Smart Academy as soon as possible and not later than within 14 days of the dissatisfaction occurring. We will provide a written acknowledgment within five working days; we aim to complete an investigation and a written response sent within 20 working days, although this period may need to be extended if affected by University vacation periods and/ or depending on the complexity of the complaint.
11. Data Protection
11.1.The data contained in your application form which is necessary for the management and administration of the course will be processed by Falmouth Flexible Ltd and Hearst UK for these purposes, and otherwise in accordance with Hearst UK’s and Falmouth Flexible Ltd’s Privacy Notices which can be found here:
• Falmouth Flexible Ltd, (covered by CEG Ltd Privacy Notice).
• Hearst UK http://www.hearst.co.uk/privacy-notice
12. Variation of Conditions
12.1.We may, by written notice, vary these terms and conditions as may be necessary to comply with the laws and regulations of England and Wales or amendment thereof.
12.2.We additionally reserves the right, upon giving written notice of such change to all affected participants, to make an addition, amendment or alteration to these conditions as is deemed necessary by us. You may cancel your agreement with us, and receive a full refund, if you do not agree to amendments made under this clause.
13. General
13.1.The relationship between us shall be governed by and in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and we and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England and Wales.
13.2.A Person who is not a party to the Agreement has no right under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce or to enjoy the benefit of any term of this Agreement.
13.3.shall not be liable for any failure or delay in the performance, in whole or part, of any or our obligations arising from or attributable to acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond our reasonable control including, but not limited to strikes, lock-outs or other industrial disputes (whether involving our workforce or the workforce of any other party), act of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of plant or machinery, fire, flood, storm, pandemics, epidemics or other outbreaks of disease or infection, failure in the public supply of electricity, heating, lighting, air conditioning or telecommunications equipment.
TOP