http://www.toolline.com/index.php?file=policies#returns
Home
About Us
Contact Us
View Cart
Login
Search
Shipping Policy
Freight Terms
Freight Shipments Damage and Loss
Returns Policy
New Returns
Broken or Warranty Claim Returns
Repair under Warranty Returns
Out of Warranty but Repairable Returns
Returns Preparation Guidelines
International Orders
Payment Terms
Freight Terms
Online Ordering Policy Statement
Security Statement
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Confidentiality and Privacy
Shipping Policy
Freight Terms
Freight is prepaid for small package shipments greater than $350.00, and truck shipments greater than $900.00 from any ToolLine warehouse.
Freight prepaid terms do not apply to special orders, direct shipments or shipments outside of the continental United States.
Certain freight intensive items are FOB shipping point (some compressors, bead blasting cabinets, valve machines, etc.)
Certain additional fees for truck shipments are not covered under the prepaid terms (lift-gate, residential delivery, non-network carriers, etc.). These fees will either be billed at time of order, or after delivery.
ToolLine offers next day and 2nd day shipping to any U. S. Destination and Puerto Rico.
ToolLine uses FedEx or UPS for cartons/items weighing 70 lbs. or less.
Requested added service or unapproved carrier fees will be added to all shipments.
Freight Shipments Damage and Loss
Please be aware that freight delivery shipments often encounter rough handling resulting in damage or loss. In order to hold the freight companies accountable, the shipment must be thoroughly inspected before signing the delivery document. This includes inspecting for concealed damage.
Whether the shipment will be received by you, a colleague, a family member or a customer it must be inspected.
If the receiver of the shipment has a waiver with the LTL carrier for "No signature required", this authorization relieves both ToolLine and the carrier from any responsibility.
Damaged shipments must be refused or notated on the delivery document.
Returns Policy
New Returns
ToolLine will gladly accept any new returned item purchased from ToolLine stock provided it is in sellable condition. New returns must be returned in their original box or packaging, and must not be shelf worn, deteriorated, torn or otherwise not saleable in its condition or appearance.
There will be a 10% restocking fee if the return is within 30 days from date of purchase. There will be a 15% restocking fee for returns after 30 days from date of purchase and within one year from date of purchase.
Items more than one year from date of purchase are not returnable.
Special orders purchased from ToolLine are not returnable for credits.
Broken or Warranty Claim Returns
ToolLine will honor all broken or warranty claim products in accordance with the manufacturers warranties and policies.
ToolLine will not be responsible for items returned as broken or warranty claim that are refused by the manufacturer due to abuse.
ToolLine can only issue a credit for broken or warranty claim items if the manufacturer determines the item to be a valid claim.
Repair under Warranty Returns
ToolLine will assist our customers with their warranty repairs, provided that the item was either purchased from ToolLine or is from a manufacturer supplying ToolLine, by sending them to our choice of warranty/repair centers.
If the item is within warranty, as determined by the manufacturer, then the item will be repaired at no cost and will be returned to the customer at no cost.
If the manufacturer denies warranty repair and the customer wants the item returned, the customer will be responsible for the diagnostic/estimate fees from the repair center, as well as the cost of shipping the item from ToolLine to the customer. Be advised that the item will likely be returned disassembled.
Out of Warranty but Repairable Returns
ToolLine will be happy to help our customers with their repairs by sending them to our choice of warranty/repairs centers. The item will be repaired without obtaining customer authorization provided that the repair charge is less than 50% of the price of new item and under $100.00. Repairs over 50% of the price of a new item or over $100 will require customer approval prior to repairs being performed.
If an estimate is denied by the customer and the customer wants the item returned, the customer will be responsible for all charges from the repair center (diagnostic/estimate fees, shipping, and other charges) as well as the cost of shipping from ToolLine to the customer. Be advised that the item will likely be returned disassembled.
Returns Preparation Guidelines
In order to better serve you and to facilitate speedy, accurate returns processing we ask that you prepare your returns by adhering to the following guidelines:
A Return Authorization number (RA) must accompany all returns. Please contact your ToolLine sales or customer service representative for this number.
Prepare an itemized list of all items being returned (part number, quantity), and indicate the reason for return, i.e. new, broken/defective, etc. Please be sure to designate which items intended for Warranty Repair or Out of Warranty Repair.
Record the RA # provided your ToolLine Sales Representative on the itemized list of all items being returned.
PLEASE SEPARATE NEW AND BROKEN/DEFECTIVE CLAIM ITEMS EITHER IN A SEPARATE BAG OR BOX.
International Orders
Payment Terms
ToolLine has many payment options available to choose from Payment methods are offered through wire transfer, US - bank check, letter of credit or credit card. We currently accept MasterCard, Visa, and Discover. All checks returned for insufficient funds are subject to a$25.00 check charge.
Freight Terms
Freight is prepaid for $500.00 or more F.O.S. U.S. Port of Exit. We are also able to quote (C.I.F.) pricing through Burlington Air Express, Emory World Wide and others. ToolLine offers next day and 2nd day shipping to any U.S. destination and Puerto Rico. Certain freight intensive items are FOB shipping point(some air compressors, bead-blasting cabinets, and valve machines, etc.)
Minimum Order - $25 (a handling charge of $2.95 will be added to all orders less than $25.00)
Online Ordering Policy Statement
Security Statement
At www.toolline.comsm, we respect and protect your privacy. Our site is a safe environment for anyone who visits and purchases. We are also committed to providing you the best possible online service and experience as well as the best products. The purpose of this policy statement is to fully share with you
A complete description of what we collect
How we use that information
Whom we share that information with
How you can change the information
How you can tell us not to gather any information about you
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Shopping with www.toolline.com is absolutely safe-- you never have to worry about credit-card safety when you are shopping at our site. We guarantee that each purchase you make is protected and safe. If fraudulent charges are ever made, you will not have to pay for them.
We use the latest encryption technology to keep your personal information safe. All your ordering information -- including your name, address, and credit card number -- is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security. Your credit card and billing information cannot be read as it travels to our ordering system
Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. If you feel more comfortable doing so, you are welcome to call in your credit card information and complete your purchase by phone.
In general, under federal law, you will not be liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. In the unlikely event that you are subject to fraudulent charges, remember to first notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If, for whatever reason, you are held responsible for this amount, www.toolline.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to $50, as long as the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made from www.toolline.com while using our secure server.
Confidentiality and Privacy
What information does www.toolline.com collect and how is it used?
A. When you visit the www.toolline.com site, we collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. This includes which pages are visited, types of products purchased, and any feedback from our visitors. We then aggregate this information with hundreds of thousands of other pieces of information to improve our site and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient as possible.
B. Our site uses cookies to speed navigation, keep track of items, and provide you with custom-tailored content. We also use cookies to remember information you gave us so you don't have to reenter it each time you visit the site. By showing us how and when shoppers use the site, cookies also help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
C. When you create an account with us, you provide such personal information as:
First and last name
Billing address
Shipping address(es)
Email address
Phone number
Credit card account number (unless applying for an OPEN Account)
Items you purchase from us
We collect all or some of this information on the pages where you create your account. We use this information as follows:
We fulfill your order based on this information.
We provide you with information about your order (such as, whether your order has been received)
We ask for your phone number in the event that our customer service representatives need to contact you and cannot reach you by email. We save the information about products you purchased to provide you with the best possible customer service and the most up-to-date information about your order
We use your mailing address not only to ship your orders to you but also to tell you about special offers, products, or events available to www.toolline.com customers that we think will interest you. You can request that we communicate with you only in relation to your orders. You can change your preferences at any time by sending an email to us with your request.
Credit card information is used to bill you for products you have ordered and to track sales.
No information is sold or released to anyone about visitors to this site or customers of www.toolline.com without prior consent or a court order. In other words, no information is released to anyone unless you give permission first. This includes e-mail registration to mailing lists, E-mail forwarding service, and shopping.
All Images & Content Copyright 2008 ToolLine.com
Go Shopping!
|
Returns
|
Return Policy
|
Privacy Policy
|
Contact Us
|
About Us |
FAQ
In Memory of Michael Corp