http://www.beyondbeds.com/BeyondBeds.com-privacy-policy.aspx
Items in your Cart: 0
Current Subtotal: $0.00
Memory foam mattresses    Latex mattresses    Innerspring mattresses    Air beds    Mattress toppers & pads    Pet beds
Pillows
Fine bed linens
Comforters & blankets
Mattress & pillow protectors
Adjustable beds
Metal bed frames
Sanitizing & allergen control
Indoor air purifiers
Personal cooling systems   Personal heating products
Pet accessories
About us
Privacy policy
Product return policy
Website security / PCI
Product testimonials
Warranty
Shipping info
Site map   Contact us
What kind of information does BeyondBeds.com collect?
How does BeyondBeds.com use my information?
How do I change or delete my information?
How do I remove my information from e-mail, phone and postal mailing lists?
What are cookies? How does BeyondBeds.com use cookies on its site?
How does BeyondBeds.com make sure my order information is secure?
What about links to other websites and services?
BeyondBeds.com
BeyondBeds.com values its customers and respects their privacy. We collect customer information in an effort to improve our customers' shopping experience and to communicate with our customers about our products, services and promotions. We recognize that we must maintain and use customer information responsibly. We do not sell or rent the information you provide to us online to third parties.
What kind of information does BeyondBeds.com collect?
We collect information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone and credit card numbers, that you provide to us when you place an order, when you register with us or when you participate in a promotion or survey. We also maintain a record of your product interests and your purchases online.
How does BeyondBeds.com use my information?
When you make a purchase from BeyondBeds.com, we use your information to process your order. We will also send you e-mails to confirm your order and may need to contact you via phone, postal mail or e-mail if we have other questions regarding your order.  When you register with BeyondBeds.com online, you may choose whether or not you would like to receive e-mails from us regarding our products, and/or services. From time to time, in addition, we use information about your product interests and purchases to help us improve our site design and your shopping experience.  We may also send you notices about our products, services and promotions through postal mail.
How do I change or delete my information?
If at any time you would like us to update your personal information, feel free to contact us by calling 1-888-774-4046 or click here to e-mail the BeyondBeds.com Internet Department. Please be sure to include your e-mail address and full name.
How do I remove my information from e-mail, phone and postal mailing lists?
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from us either through e-mail, postal mail or by phone, please let us know by calling us at 1-888-774-4046 or by sending us an e-mail. Please be sure to include your e-mail address and full name.
What are cookies? How does BeyondBeds.com use cookies on its site?
A cookie is a small data file that websites often store on your computer's hard drive when you visit their sites. A cookie may contain information, such as a unique user ID that websites use to track the pages of the sites you've visited. We use cookies but do not store personally identifiable information in your cookie.We use cookies in order to improve your shopping experience. Cookies enable us to keep track of your order as you shop on our site. We also use cookies to recognize registered customers when they visit our site and to provide those customers with their account information. If you register with or order from us, we use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of our site. If you have not registered with or ordered from us, we may monitor and identify you. In either case, this information helps us track your order, improve your shopping experience and improve our site design, as well as our products and/or services.Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on other sites across the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Users may at any time opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting Google's advertising opt-out page, and opting-out.You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you turn off cookies, though, we will not be able to track your order to enable you to purchase from our site. Nor will we be able to recognize you as a registered user.
How does BeyondBeds.com make sure my order information is secure?
Protecting your order information is a priority for us. We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. To check the security of your connection, look at the lower left-hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. You can also double-check by looking at the URL line of your browser. When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from &quotehttp&quote to &quotehttps.&quoteSome versions of browsers and some firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server, which means you won't be able to mistakenly place an order through an unsecured connection. If you cannot access the secure server for any reason, please place your order by phone at 1-888-774-4046.
What about links to other websites and services?
The BeyondBeds.com website may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These websites have their own policies regarding privacy. You should review those policies before visiting the websites. We have no responsibility for linked websites, and we provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our customers.
© Copyright 2005 - 2020 BeyondBeds.com, All Rights Reserved.
Home | About BeyondBeds.com | Privacy Policy | Warranty | Shipping Info | Your Account |  | Site Map | Contact Us
The information on this website is provided by BeyondBeds.com for educational and informational purposes only and is not intended as professional advice on legal, medical, therapeutic or technical matters. By using and accessing this site you agree to waive any rights to hold BeyondBeds.com and groups and/or individuals associated with this site liable for any damages that may result from the use or dissemination of this content. The copyright of design, text, charts and images contained on this site is owned by BeyondBeds.com and may be downloaded and reprinted for private, non-commercial, educational purposes only, provided the copyright owner is credited. The material contained herein may not be altered, modified or publicly distributed without the express written authorization of BeyondBeds.com.
Call us toll free at 1-888-774-4046