https://www.altronics.com.au/privacy/
By continuing to use this site you agree to our Privacy Policy.AGREE
Login
New user? Register or Forgot your password?
×
Notice
Close
×
Select your local store
WA
Myaree
Northbridge
Balcatta
Cannington
Midland
Joondalup
VIC
Springvale
Airport West
SA
Prospect
NSW
Auburn
QLD
Virginia
International Store
Online Store
Privacy
Privacy Policy & Security
Altronic Distributors Pty Ltd (ACN 008 801 161, ABN 84 177 396 871) of 174 Roe Street, Perth in the State of Western Australia ("Altronic") is enthusiastic about fulfilling customer wants and satisfying customer demands. In providing the best customer service to our clients Altronic is often required to possess and retain certain private information concerning its clients. Altronic is sensitive to and respectful of all their clients need for privacy.
To this end Altronic has written this Privacy Policy statement to allay any customer fears and to clarify that customer confidential information is respected by Altronic and protected according to the statutory principles published by the Commonwealth in the Commonwealth's Privacy Amendment (Private Sector) Act 2000.
Altronic has in its possession information collected from clients such as names, addresses, email contacts, premises. Included in this information is information concerning the type of product the client is interested in.
Personal information of the client is used by Altronic in supplying to them the goods and services that are Altronic's business. Neither Altronic, nor its employees, sells or discloses client lists containing personal information to other organisations or individuals.
Personal information may only be disclosed to persons outside of Altronic if it is being used, confidentially, for the purpose of conducting the business matters between Altronic and the client. This disclosure does not extend to marketing or promotional purposes.
The personal information will only be disclosed by Altronic if:
it is necessary for the conduct of the business between the client and Altronic, for example the giving out of details such as the customer's name and address for delivery of products;
when law requires Altronic to do so; or
with the clients consent.
If you, as the client, wish to complain about an alleged breach of privacy by Altronic you can do so in writing (that is by mail, fax or email or by delivery in person) to the address listed at the top of this document.
Altronic will respond to such a complaint as soon as is reasonably possible and will ensure that such a complaint is acknowledged within fourteen (14) days of its receipt.
Altronic, in keeping with the principles of privacy, may ask questions of any person seeking to access personal information. If such questions are answered unsatisfactorily then the requested information shall not be provided. This is to further guarantee the privacy of client personal details.
We know that your personal details are important to you, so we endeavour to use all possible resources to keep your details confidential. Our internet site uses a robust 128 bit encryption method to ensure your details are kept safe when you type them into your web browser.
You can enter your information into our site being confident that your details are safe.
Altronics uses GeoTrust to secure its online transactions. GeoTrust is the world's second largest digital certificate provider. More than 100,000 customers in over 150 countries trust GeoTrust to secure online transactions and conduct business over the Internet. Their range of digital certificate and trust products enable organizations of all sizes to maximize the security of digital transactions.
Contact Altronics