https://www.stencil-library.com/stencils/privacy.html
THE STENCIL LIBRARY
Stencils from the world's largest collection of stencil designs
Stencildesigns
Most popularstencils
Paints, brushes& accessories
'In Your Own Words'stencils
Special offerstencils
What's newand What's Hot
Shipping info
Product info
Frequentlyasked questions
Stencillinghints & tips
Our 'Stencil It'book & stencils
Television andmagazine features
The Crown Paintcollection
Tours & courses
Custom sizesand designs
Privacy policy and cookies
Noticeboard
Our blog
About us
Contact us
Terms &conditions
Follow
Stencil Library privacy policy & cookies
PRIVACY POLICY1) TRANSACTION SECURITYWe take the privacy and security of your personal and payment details very seriously.
The stencil-library.com web site is secure.
We maintain the highest levels of security and regularly check our systems to make sure that any information you provide is securely dealt with and stored.You can tell that a web page is secure by looking at your browser bar.
On any page where you provide any personal information (eg the order page), 'https' will precede our web address in the browser address bar.
A small locked padlock will also appear either on the browser bar or on the bottom bar of your browser window.
Whilst no personal information is collected or needed on many pages on our site, for example, the stencil designs pages, we have still made these pages secure for your peace of mind.2) YOUR PRIVACYYour privacy and rights to control personal data is very important to us but in order for us to process any order you place, we will need to obtain some personal information from you. This information will only be used for the purposes of processing your order and will never be disclosed to any third party unless this disclosure is either, required by law, essential for the fulfillment of the order (for example: providing your name and address to a courier company so they can deliver to you), or in the course of the general maintenance of our web site.
We do not and will not sell your data to third parties.The prime purpose of collecting data is to be able to fulfill your order.
When you make a purchase from our site, we do collect personal information from you: your name, delivery address, payment address, email address.
All information is held on secure servers.In order to fulfill your order, we do use third party banking and distribution institutions to handle credit/debit card/payment transactions and order delivery.
They receive information needed to verify and authorize payment and deliver your order.
All such organizations are also under strict obligation to keep your data private.
We do not store your financial data, under any circumstances.3) INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect information you voluntarily provide such as your name and email address through our opt-in mailing list.
We also automatically collect certain information via cookies and similar technologies when you access or interact with us via our site.
Information such as the type of device you use, your IP address, your location based on your IP address, the web pages you view on the site, your browser type and how you interact with our site.Note: The Stencil Library does not target and is not intended to attract children under the age of 16.
Although visitors of all ages may navigate through our site or engage with us on social media, we do not knowingly collect information from those under the age of 16 without parental consent.
If a child under 16 has been registered on our site by using false information, following notification from a parent or legal guardian, or discovery by other means, we will remove the child’s personal information from our records.4) HOW WE USE PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Stencil Library uses the data we collect from you to provide you with the products that you requested.
We also use data to communicate with you.If you provide your email address as part of your order, we may only contact you to ask questions or provide information about this specific order as customer support, for example, to inform you your order has been dispatched or provide you with your order confirmation and payment receipt.You are also able to opt-in to our mailing list when you check out.
This is so we can provide you with information about special offers, new products or ranges. You have to opt-in to this list and you can opt-out at any time.
We may also occasionally contact you if you have opted into our mailing list about our product and services for research purposes as we seek to make improvements to our range and how we serve you.We do use cookies to enhance your experience using our website (detailed information below).To deliver our products and services to you, we may need to transfer your data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), for example if you are requesting delivery overseas.The safety and security of our customers is a priority and we may use information to detect and prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and fulfill legal obligations.All of this processing is necessary to preserve our legitimate business interest.5) HOW WE MAY SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATIONThe Stencil Library has never sold and will not sell your personal information.
We may share information with certain third parties for the reasons outlined and in the following cases:We use a variety of third party vendors to host and manage our website, process payments, make email communications and ship your orders.
We would only use such information as is necessary for the purposes of performing these functions on behalf of The Stencil Library. When legally required, we would disclose your personal information to law enforcement organizations, investigative groups or in legal proceedings.In the event of a company sale, merger or acquisition, or a sale of a portion or all of our assets, we may share your personal information.
You will be notified in advance by email and informed of your rights.6) THE LAWFUL BASES FOR USING PERSONAL INFORMATIONThere are different legal bases that we rely on to use your personal information.
Your purchase is the beginning of a contract between ourselves and we have to use your personal information to complete your purchase.
We have a legitimate interest to improve our product and site, make updates to our site, notify you about information on our goods and services or for fraud detection or legal purposes.
In summary: • as needed to provide our goods and services, such as when we use your information to fulfill your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support;• when you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list;• if necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your purchases if required by tax law; and • as necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, if those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests.7) SECURITY, STORAGE AND RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWhilst we take every commercially viable precaution to guard your personal information, no security system is impenetrable.
We do take security extremely seriously and do everything we can to ensure the safety of your personal information. We will retain the information for as long as we deem it necessary to enable you to use website effectively, your product, to comply with applicable laws, to provide services to you, resolve disputes and otherwise go about our business, subject to this privacy policy.
We generally keep your data for the following time period: 4 years.8) YOUR RIGHTSSubject to law, you can contact us at any time to ask us what information we hold on you.
You can inform us of any changes to your personal information.
In certain situations you can ask us to remove or restrict personal information we hold on you or you can object to how we use your information.Where we are using information on the basis of consent (our opt-in mailing list), you can withdraw your consent (opt-out) at any time.
If you wish to change any information or opt-out of our mailing list, please inform us by emailing info@stencil-library.com.
We will aim to do so within 14 days, but certainly within 30 days maximum.You will also be able to opt-out through any email we may send you via the 'Unsubscribe' option on that email.Regardless of your marketing settings, we may still communicate with you about Terms & Conditions or policy updates, your current or past order, delivery of your order, data breaches or other significant information about a product you have ordered (e.g. recalls or defects).If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited cases. These rights are described below:• Access. You have the right to access and receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using the contact information below.• Change, restrict, delete. You also have rights to change, restrict our use of, or delete your personal information. Excluding exceptional circumstances (such as where we are required to store data for legal reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon request.• Object. You can object to (i) our processing of some of your information based on our legitimate interests and (ii) receiving marketing messages from us after providing your express consent to receive them. In such cases, we will delete your personal information unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that information or if it is needed for legal reasons.• Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection authority.COOKIESFor the operation of our web site we need to be able to store small amounts of data locally on your computer, or hand-held device, in files known as cookies. When you visit our site our software creates the necessary files automatically. Cookies are used by almost all web sites and cannot harm or damage your computer in any way, nor can they transmit viruses. You may set your browser software to reject some or all cookies at any time but if you do so many aspects of our site will not be available to you. Your use of our web site will be taken as an indication that you accept the cookies we set.How we use cookiesThe cookies used by The Stencil Library website:enable you to select and remember certain settings for some of our online services (for example, your preferred currency)enable you to add items to, and store items in, your shopping basketenable you to quickly navigate back to pages you've already visitedallow us to account to our affiliate partners for any links to our site that may originate from their sitesenable us to improve our web site by using web analytics to understand which parts of the world visitors come from, and how they use and navigate the siteenable us to measure the effectiveness of online marketing campaignsWe do not use cookies to identify you personally and do not share your information with other organisations for marketing, market research, or commercial purposes.The cookies we useFirst party cookies - these are cookies set by our own site
affId
Data stored by cookie: affiliate partner identification code
Cookie type: functionality
Cookie expires: in 3 months
sessionId
Data stored by cookie: unique identifier for order processing
Cookie type: functionality
Cookie expires: in 7 days.
logId
Data stored by cookie: unique identifier for ease of site navigation
Cookie type: functionality
Cookie expires: at the end of your session.
displayFx
Data stored by cookie: default, or user selected display currency
Cookie type: functionality
Cookie expires: in 3 months.
slcouk
Data stored by cookie: unique identifier for notice board message control
Cookie type: functionality
Cookie expires: in 5 days.
Third party cookies - these are cookies set by other web sitesSo that we're able to continually improve your experience on our web site we use Google Analytics to monitor the way visitors use the site. Google Analytics uses cookies to store information about the pages you visit, how long you spend on a page, how you arrived at our site, what you click on, and where in the world you are based. This information is aggregated and made available to us for analysis but does not provide any information that can be used to identify you personally.For detailed information about Google Analytics cookies click here.If you don't want your web browsing activity to be tracked by Google Analytics you can opt out by installing an add-on to your browser software. Please visit this page for more details. Please note this opt-out will apply to all web sites that you subsequently visit and may limit the ability of those sites to further develop and improve the services they offer you.
For all the latest stencil designs, exclusive discounts and special offers,sign up below to receive our regular newsletter.
• Our stencil designs
• Frequently asked questions
• About us
• Most popular stencils
• Stencilling hints & tips
• Contact us
• Special offer stencils
• Product info
• Noticeboard
• Paints, brushes & accessories
• 'In Your Own Words' stencils
• Our blog
• Tours & courses
• The Crown Paint collection
• Privacy policy and cookies
• What's new and What's Hot
• Our 'Stencil It' book & stencils
• Shipping info
• Television and magazine features
You can buy our stencils online using any of the payment methods shown below
All stencil designs are copyright © The Stencil Library. All rights reserved.
Active Web site management and e-commerce facility by Ai5 Ltd
WALL STENCILS - PAINTS - STENCILLING BRUSHES - GILDING SUPPLIES - STENCIL ACCESSORIES
Pochoirs - Plantillas - Sjablonen - Schablonen - Stencils