http://www.specialtyguitars.com/privacy.html
View Cart 0
Toll free 844.456.3800
Home Account Login About Us Shipping Contact Us What's New
SHOP BY BRAND
FREE SHIPPING | US Orders over $75
Pickups
Seymour Duncan Pickups
Seymour Duncan Humbuckers Seymour Duncan Strat® Pickups Seymour Duncan Tele® Pickups Seymour Duncan P-90 Pickups
Fender® Pickups
Fender® Strat® Pickups Fender® Tele® Pickups
Pickup Accessories Tuners
Sperzel Tuners
Sperzel Trim Lock Tuners Sperzel Sound Lock Tuners Replacement Tuner Buttons
Kluson Tuners Fender Tuners Schaller Tuners
Schaller Da Vinci Tuners Schaller M6 Tuners
Tremolo Blocks & Arms
Callaham Steel Trem Blocks & Arms Callaham Brass Trem Blocks & Arms
Bridges, Tailpieces & Bridge Parts
Bridges & Tailpieces
Bridges for Gibson Tailpieces for Gibson Strat® Bridges & Assemblies Tele® Bridges & Assemblies
Bridge Parts
Bridge Plates & Saddles for Strat® Tremolo Parts for Strat® Bridge Parts for Tele®
Pickguards & Tremolo Covers
Genuine Fender® Pickguards
Fender® Strat® Pickguards & Trem Covers Fender® Strat® Accessory Kits Fender® Tele® & Esquire® Pickguards
Vintage-Style Pickguards & Tremolo Covers
Vintage-Style Strat® Pickguards & Trem Covers Vintage-Style Tele® & Esquire® Pickguards
Electronic Parts
Potentiometers, Switches & Switch Tips Capacitors, Wire & Jacks NOS & Repro Capacitors
Electronics Upgrade Kits
Wiring Upgrade Kits for Les Paul Wiring Upgrade Kits for Strat® Wiring Upgrade Kits for Tele® Wiring Upgrade Kits for Esquire® NOS 5E3 Tweed Deluxe AB Resistor Upgrade Kit
Knobs & Hardware
Knobs & Switch Tips Hardware Screws & Springs
Strings, Picks & Straps
Guitar Strings & Picks Guitar Straps
Amplifier Parts
Tubes Capacitors NOS Capacitors Wire, Cords & Switches NOS Allen Bradley Resistor Kits
Garage Sale
Privacy Policy
Last updated May 24, 2018
INTRODUCTION
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Specialty Guitars. We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us using our contact form at www.specialtyguitars.com/contact.html.
When you visit our website www.specialtyguitars.com (“Site”) and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our site and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website www.specialtyguitars.com and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the "Sites"). Please read this privacy policy carefully as it will help you make informed decisions about sharing your personal information with us.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personal information you disclose to us
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data and payment information.
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and when participating in activities on the Sites such as placing an order or creating an account or when otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.
All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
Information automatically collected
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our websites.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Site and other technical information.
This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. You can find out more about this in our Cookies Policy.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests ("Business Purposes"), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you ("Contractual"), with your consent ("Consent"), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations ("Legal Reasons"). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
We use the information we collect or receive:
To facilitate account creation and logon process [with your Consent].
To send you marketing and promotional communications [for Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences.
You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the "Your Privacy Rights" below).
To send administrative information to you [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual]. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
To fulfill and manage your orders [for Contractual reasons]. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites.
To request Feedback [for our Business Purposes and/or with your Consent]. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites.
To protect our Sites [for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons].
We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies [for Business Purposes, Legal Reasons and/or possibly Contractual].
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm [for Legal Reasons]. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
For other Business Purposes. We may use your information for other Business Purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Sites, products, services, marketing and your experience.
WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations:
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time.
This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.
DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
In Short: We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.
We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. Specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our Cookie Policy.
IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
Our servers are located in the United States.
If you are accessing our Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "Disclosure of Your Information" above), in the United States and other countries.
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses:
Such measures implementing the European Commission's Standard Contractual Clauses for transfers of personal information between us and our third-party providers, which require all such recipients to protect personal information that they process from the EEA in accordance with European data protection lawsWe have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.
We will keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years past the termination of your account.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. However, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Sites is at your own risk. You should only access the services within a secure environment.
DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
By using the Sites, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the Site.
If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records.
If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us using our contact form at www.specialtyguitars.com/contact.html.
WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws.
These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please contact us using our contact form at www.specialtyguitars.com/contact.html. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
Account information: You may at any time review or change the information in your account or terminate your account by contacting us using our secure contact form at www.specialtyguitars.com/contact.html.
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites.
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. You can also opt-out by contacting us using our contact form at www.specialtyguitars.com/contact.html
DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?
In Short: Yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
We may update this privacy policy from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated “Revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?
If you have questions or comments about this policy, email us using the contact form at www.specialtyguitars.com/contact.html or contact us by post to:
Specialty Guitars, LLC
5607 S Outrigger Road
Tempe, AZ 85283
Security
Our site is secured by a GeoTrust SSL 128-bit encryption security certificate.
You can verify the authenticity of our certificate at any time by clicking on the GeoTrust icon at left.
We use Secure Socket Layer 128-bit
encryption to transmit order information, assuring that your order is transmitted in a secure manner that protects your personal data and credit card information.  You can verify that the checkout pages you are on are
secure by looking for the "lock" icon in the lower right hand corner of most browsers.
At Specialty Guitars, we have taken every precaution to assure the safety of your online shopping experience. We understand, however, that not all of our customers
are comfortable transmitting credit card information over the internet. If you would like to place your order by phone, please call (480) 456-3800 during our regular hours of operation. Please do not provide
credit card information via email.
TECH NOTES
Guitar Wiring Diagrams Notes on Pickups Notes on Electronics Soldering Iron Tips & Tricks Notes on Tuning Stringing Sperzel Tuners About Our Trem Blocks Champion 600 Upgrade Installation Notes on Coupling Capacitors Notes on Tubes
BRANDS
T
Contact Us  |  Shipping  |
Return Policy  |
Security & Privacy  |
About Us
Gibson and Les Paul are registered trademarks of Gibson USA.Fender, Stratocaster, Strat, Telecaster, Tele, Esquire and Broadcaster are registered trademarks of FMIC
with which Specialty Guitars is not affiliated. Specialty Guitars   |   Tempe, Arizona   |   (480) 456-3800 ©  Copyright 2004 - 2020 Specialty Guitars, LLC
By continuing to use our site, you acknowledge that you accept our Privacy Policy for Website. We also use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. You can find out more about the cookies we use and learn how to manage them here