http://www.tds-saddlers.com/information/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
HomeInformationPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policyadmin2020-02-05T16:06:21+00:00
Our Privacy Policy
TDS Saddlers Limited (We) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy, together with our terms of sale use and any other documents referred to on it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the Act), we are the data controller.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
·        Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site www.tds-saddlers.com (our Website). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with or raise a query through our Website.
·        If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
·        We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
·        Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfilment of your orders.
·        Details of your visits to our Website including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
IP ADDRESSES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
COOKIES
For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our Websites and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the sites to operate.
If you register with us or if you continue to use our Websites, you agree to our use of cookies.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers (except in the case of payment transactions, where any information we collect will be processed through a remote payment gateway and will at no point be stored on our systems)]
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Websites; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
TDS Saddlers Ltd. Privacy Policy 2
We use information held about you in the following ways:
·        To ensure that content from our Websites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
·        To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
·        To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
·        To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
·        To notify you about changes to our service.
If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data as part of the order or registration process.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
·        In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
·        If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of TDS Saddlers Limited, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.
You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at sales@tds-saddlers.com
Our Websites may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
ACCESS TO INFORMATION
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to sales@tds-saddlers.com.
Get in touch
CONTACT INFO
ADDRESS:Lymington Bottom Road, Four Marks, Hampshire, GU34 5EW
Get Directions
PHONE:01420 562758
EMAIL:sales@tds-saddlers.com
WORKING DAYS/HOURS:Mon - Fri / 10:00 AM - 5:00 PMClosed Bank Holidays
Facebook
Newsletter
Get all the latest information on Events, Sales and Offers.
Sign up for newsletter today.
Customer Service
About us
Contact us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
My Account
Order history
Login
© TDS Saddlers. 2020. All Rights Reserved
Home
Shop
Brands
Acavallo
Albion
Ariat
Bridleway Equestrian
Carr Day & Martin
Champion Riding Hats
Crosby
Dever
Equilibrium
Equipe
Fairfax
Gatehouse Riding Hats
Harry Dabbs
Ideal Saddles
Kent & Masters
LeMieux
Pessoa
Prestige Italy
Prolite
Rugged Horse
Shires
Sprenger
Stübben
SupaStuds
Thorowgood
Whitaker
Wintec
Woof Wear
Information
Delivery
FAQs
Returns
Shop Opening Times
Workshop Repairs & Adjustments
Your Saddle Fitting Appointment & Charges
A Quick Guide to Saddle Fitting
Advice & Information Videos
Albion KB Bridle Size Guide
Basic Livery Contract
Horse Bitting Advice
Nosebands – Types & Use
Rug Fitting Guide
Sample Horse Loan Agreement
Towing Guide
Contact Us
About Us
Blog
Log In
All Categories
Saddles
GP Saddles
Dressage Saddles
Jumping Saddles
Second Hand Saddles
Second Hand GP Sadddles
Bridles & Leatherwork
Bridles, Reins & Parts
Snaffle & Weymouth Bridles
Reins
Bridle Parts
Bridle Accessories
Headcollars
Leather Headcollars
Synthetic Headcollars
Martingales & Breastplates
Martingales
Breastplates
Stirrup Leathers & Irons
Stirrup Irons
Stirrup Leathers
Girths
General Purpose Girths
Dressage Girths
Girth Sleeves
Stud Girths
Leather & Tack Care
Bits and Bitting
Snaffles & Bradoons
Weymouth, Pelhams & Kimblewick Bits
Gag Bits
Miscellaneous Bits & Accessories
Horse Rugs
Coolers & Fleeces
Fly Rugs
Medium Turnout Rugs
Equestrian Footwear
Short Riding Boots
Chaps and Gaiters
Equestrian Clothing
Breeches
Equestrian Equipment
Studs & Accessories
Numnahs & Saddle Cloths
GP & CC Numnahs & Saddle Cloths
Dressage Numnahs & Saddle Cloths
Saddle Pads
Horse Boots & Bandages
Brushing Boots
Fetlock Boots
Tendon Boots
Training Aids and Therapy
On Sale to Clear
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.