http://www.newtoncomm.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Arrow Fat Left Icon
Arrow Fat Right Icon
Arrow Right Icon
Cart Icon
Close Circle Icon
Expand Arrows Icon
Facebook Icon
Instagram Icon
Twitter Icon
Youtube Icon
Hamburger Icon
Information Icon
Down Arrow Icon
Mail Icon
Mini Cart Icon
Person Icon
Ruler Icon
Search Icon
Shirt Icon
Triangle Icon
Bag Icon
Play Video
Privacy Policy
Website Privacy Policy
Newton Commercial & Your Data
Thank you for visiting our website and choosing to purchase from Newton Commercial. We respect our customer’s privacy when using and ordering form our website and hold the trust of our customers in the highest regard.
This Policy details how and when we collect personal data, the type of data we collect, how this data is used and how you can control the use of your data by Newton Commercial. In order to comply with European Law Newton Commercial will be the data controller responsible for your information and this policy will be in force from 25th May 2018.
What Data Do We Collect?
To provide the highest levels of customer service and process orders efficiently, we retain certain personal information when you place an order with us. This includes but is not limited to the following:
Your Title
Your Name
Your Delivery Address
Your Payment Address
Your Payment Details
Your Email Address
Your Telephone Number
Browsing and shopping activities
Why Do We Collect Data & How Will It Be Used?
We will primarily use your data to:
Provide you with updates on order status
Fulfil delivery of your order
Contact you in event of a query regarding your order
Contact you in relation to product and /or website reviews
Assist and respond to any customer queries
Process your order within our system that uses Sage 1000 ERP to raise and fulfil your order and Paperless to be able to send you paperwork regarding your order.
It is also necessary to share data including Payment Address and Payment Details with reputable and secure third party banking providers including Shopify and Sagepay in order to verify and authorise payment when placing an order.  All third parties we use to process payments are under strict obligation to ensure your personal information is kept secure and private. we will also share your delivery address with 3rd party couriers in order that they may deliver your order.
How Secure Is My Data?
All Personal Data is stored on secure servers employing extensive security measures to ensure it remains fully protected at all times.  All servers used for data storage are also physically secured and provided by reputable companies that meet the highest standards of security.
We do not store any payment card information on any of our own servers.
Use of Data for Marketing Purposes:
We respect your privacy and as such we will not share your personal details to any company outside of Newton Commercial for the purposes of marketing. Unless you have expressly requested not to receive marketing or promotional material from Newton Commercial, we may send you relevant offers and details of promotions using the personal data we have collected. In order to do this we may contact you in a number of ways including (but not limited to) post, email and telephone.
How Can I Control My Data?
To see what data we hold:
Email our Customer Services Team at sales@newtoncomm.co.uk requesting this information
To remove your data from marketing
Email our Customer Services Team at sales@newtoncomm.co.uk requesting to be removed
Updating Your Details:
Should any of the information you have provided to us change, please let us know the correct details by sending an email to sales@newtoncomm.co.uk . Or by sending a letter to Newton Commercial, Eastlands Ind Est, Leiston, Suffolk IP16 4LL.
Use of Cookies On Newton Commercial Website
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
This website makes use of cookies to monitor visitor sessions. We may collect data about the type of internet browser and computer operating system that you use and also which pages you visit and interact with. We do this so we can ensure you have the best user experience and can be presented with more relevant content, such as products you have previously viewed.
No personal information is stored in the cookie that is issued by the site. The value stored in the cookie is an anonymous identifier which is not linked to any other personal information you may give us during your visit. If you do not wish to receive these cookies you can easily and safely disable them in your browser, though doing so may affect the functionality of the website.
Sale of Business:
In the unlikely event that Newton Commercial is sold or integrated into another company, your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers advisers. It is also possible that they would be passed on to any new owners of the business in order to continue providing the service that is currently provided. The purchaser however will be required to follow the practices disclosed in the Privacy Policy or to give you at least 3 months’ notice of any proposed changes.
Changes:
We may update the privacy policy from time to time by posting a new version on our websites.  You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes. We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email so you may have your details removed if you do not agree with the changes.