http://www.pecancompany.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Privacy Policy
You can access our web site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. When you engage in certain activities on the site, however, we may ask you to provide personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, credit card number and expiration, and other such information to us through a web form or other method such as email. Whether or not you provide this information is up to you.
In addition to any personal information you may provide, we collect information such as your IP address, referring link or search terms, browser details, and actions you may take within the site, such as purchasing products, filling out forms and information provided therein, and signing up for special offers.
Use of Personal Information
We use personal information to process and fulfill your orders for products and services, to keep you informed about product updates, special offers, industry and company news if you choose to receive such communications, to respond to your sales and technical inquiries, and to support our own internal business and marketing purposes. It is our policy to use any personal information for internal business use only, and we maintain appropriate security measures to keep this information private.
Your personal information will not be leased, sold, rented or otherwise made available to any other third party except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws, lawful investigations, or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant, to facilitate providing you with information about Millican Pecan Company, Inc. products and services or to support services being provided to Millican Pecan Company, Inc.
Millican Pecan Company, Inc. may provide access to the minimal personal information necessary to a third-party to support our internal needs for the delivery of products, services, and/or information to you about our products and services. In these instances the third-party is strictly bound by these terms and shall not use this information for any other purposes.
Not withstanding the above, we may assign, sell, license or otherwise transfer to a third party your personal information in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of a material portion or essentially all of the assets or stock of Millican Pecan Company, Inc.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh