https://www.turtlealley.com/content/privacy-6.cfm
privacy - Turtle Alley Chocolates
my account
shipping/returns
view cart
0 Item(s) In Cart -::- Total: $0.00
Home
> privacy
The Turtle FleetBarks-a-PlentyHand-Dipped Treats, et alPeanut Butter CupsHallie's FudgeHand-Dipped TrufflesToffees, Clusters & CaramelsQuick & Dirty
privacy
Information that is gathered from visitors
In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
How the Information is used
The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. Email addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. Email may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates. You may unsubscribe from these emails at any time.
Visitor Options
If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
How we protect your information
Turtle Alley uses a third-party real-time credit card processor (authorize.net). All transactions involving sensative information are secured with SSL encryption. While we do store basic billing information including your card's expiration date, CCV code and the last 4 digits of the account number, we do not store the credit card number itself.
42 Rogers, Gloucester, MA 01930
978.281.4000
yummy@turtlealley.com
privacy