http://www.stenograph.com/privacy-policy
Home
View more Home
About Us
Events
History of Writers
Careers
STAR Group
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
View more About Us
Stenograph Directory
Executive Team
Sales Team
Marketing Team
Product Management
Technical Support Team
Customer Service Team
View more Stenograph Directory
Scopist Directory
CaseViewNet Directory
Videos
Blog
Contact Us
Products
View more Products
Our
Writers
Buy
Writer
Luminex II
Luminex CSE
Wave
Pre-Owned Writers
View more Our
Writers
CATalyst
Buy CATalyst
Popular Features
What's New
Steno Reporters
Voice Reporters
Captioners
CART Providers
Scopists
Students
Make the Switch
Cloud Backup
Reporter Suite
Catalyst EDGE Plan
Going Keyless
View more CATalyst
CaseViewNet
CaseViewNet
CaseViewNet Browser
CaseViewNet FAQs
View more CaseViewNet
APEX
YesLaw
Reporter Suite
Supplies
Carrying Cases
Accessories
Writer Accessories
Ergonomic & Comfort
View more Supplies
Education
Phoenix Theory
Books
View more Education
Tax Benefits
Students
View more Students
Writer & Software
Careers in Steno
Educational Programs
Resources
Support
View more Support
Writer Plans
Endurance
Extra
View more Writer Plans
Software Plans
EDGE for CATalyst
Cloud Backup
New Computer Set-Up
View more Software Plans
Tech Support
Solution Center
Customer Service
Training
View more Training
Ascend Training
CATalyst Training
FAQs
View more CATalyst Training
Training Agents
Downloads
View more Downloads
Writer
CATalyst
CaseViewNet
Manuals
Utilities & Drivers
Flyers
Specials
View more Specials
Current Specials
Student Specials
Sign-Up For Emails
U.S. Sign-Up
Canadian Sign-Up
View more Sign-Up For Emails
STAR Discounts
Tax Benefits
Bella's Boutique
View more Bella's Boutique
About Bella
Clothing: Men & Women
Fun Stuff
Canvas Prints
Privacy PolicyThis Internet Web site is owned and controlled by Stenograph, L.L.C., 596 W. Lamont, Elmhurst, IL 60126.What personal information is gathered and how is it used?Information Collection and Use
Stenograph, L.L.C. is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.  Stenograph, L.L.C. collects information from our users at several different points on our Internet Web site. Registration
In order to use this site or portions of this site, a user may need to first complete an online registration form.  During registration, a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and e-mail address).  This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.  Orders
We request information from the user on our order form.  Here, a user must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date).  This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders.  If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to contact the user. Log filesWe use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.Hotjar We use
Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this
service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better
understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages,
which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this
enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses
cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their
devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in
anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers),
browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language
used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized
user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify
individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For
further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacyYou can opt-out to the
creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our
site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this
opt-out link. https://www.hotjar.com/legal/compliance/opt-outWho will the information be shared with, if anyone?SharingWe will share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.  These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services. Stenograph, L.L.C. reserves the right to perform statistical analyses and profiling of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform third parties of such information.  Stenograph, L.L.C. will provide only aggregate data from these analyses to third parties; no personally identifying information will be disclosed. What safeguards are used to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information?LinksThis site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Stenograph is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users that when they leave our site, they should read the legal and privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.Our legal statement SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information provided on the site.  The site uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, the current standard for secure transactions over the Internet, to promote the security of your data. There are some simple measures that you can take to promote protection of your information.  First, to help protect the security of your account, do not share your password with others.  Also, please remember to "log-off" after using any of our online services when you have finished using the site.  While we strive to protect your personally identifying information, the Internet is not fully secure.  Consequently, Stenograph, L.L.C. cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. We do however attempt to ensure its security on our system. Like most Web sites, this site uses "cookies" to allow you to move more quickly through the site.  Cookies are small text files a Web site can use to recognize repeat users and facilitate their ongoing access to and use of the site. Cookies do not by themselves collect identifying information; instead, they collect information related to the characteristics of your computer, or when and how you reached the site.  Generally, cookies work by assigning to the user a unique number that has no meaning outside the assigning site and do not pose a threat to a user's system or files.  We use this information only for purposes of planning and tracking, as well as assessing the technical function of our site.  For instance, when you access a specific area of our site, the system will transfer a cookie to your browser so that when you return to this area of the site, you will not have to reenter your data to gain access to it.  This cookie is only used to eliminate the need to duplicate your information.  By understanding how our site is accessed, we can continually improve it to respond to users' interests. We may use cookies to track information about which pages you visit within our site in order to gauge the effectiveness of our content or to continue to refine the types of content that you may find interesting. However, we cannot control the use of cookies by advertisers or third parties hosting data for us.  If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature.  Please note that cookies may be necessary to enable you to use certain features on our site.What if there are changes?Site and service updatesWe may send site and service announcement e-mails to users at any time. Registered users are not able to unsubscribe from service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via e-mail or phone.Correction/updating personal informationIf a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code or phone number), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us.  This can usually be done at the customer service page; by contacting Customer Service at custsvc@stenograph.com or (800) 323-4247, press 6; or mailing Stenograph, L.L.C., 596 W. Lamont, Elmhurst, IL 60126Policy ChangesStenograph, L.L.C. reserves the right to review and change this Policy at any time.  Policy changes may be made without prior notice to existing customers.  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify registered users via email.  Users will have a choice, if any, as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. Policy revisions only apply to information gathered after the effective date of the revised policy, unless we give you notice and choice as to the changes in use, in which case all information is subject to the new policy.  Effective August 18, 2000.
Loading