http://www.cruztools.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
CruzTOOLS / CycoActive Inc., (hereafter known as CycoActive) knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.CruzTOOLS.com you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
This page describes how CycoActive handles information that we learn about consumers when consumers visit our web sites(www.CruzTOOLS.com) or contact us by mail, phone, or email. We collect and maintain this information in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974, where applicable. Any personally identifying information you provide is voluntary. We use it to fulfill a request you make or to assist us in completing a business transaction that you have initiated.
IF YOU VISIT OUR WEB SITES TO BROWSE, READ, OR DOWNLOAD INFORMATION:
We automatically collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our sites; and the Internet address of the site from which you linked directly to our sites. In addition, we may collect information about your computer’s screen settings (i.e., resolution). Other similar information may be collected by a third party that provides host services for our web site. This information is collected on our behalf and is covered by this Privacy Policy. We use this information only as anonymous aggregate data to determine the number of visitors to different sections of our sites, to ensure the sites are working properly, and to help us make our site more useful. We do not use it to track or record information about individuals. Generally, we delete this information after one year. We do not use persistent “cookies” or tracking mechanisms that collect personally identifying information on our site. We do use industry standard web creation tools (ASP.Net, FrontPage, DreamWeaver, etc). In some instances, these technologies may use session cookies for certain features. Session cookies are temporary files that are erased when you close all browsers. If your browser does not meet certain requirements, we will attempt to place a cookie to prevent you from having to see the error startup page (Browser Support)