http://www.flagsonastick.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Sign Up For Our Newsletter - New Arrivals, Special Offers, Coupons & Much More
Flags On A Stick is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of contact information you share with us (the phrase "contact information" means any information by which you can be contacted, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review, correct and opt out of our use of, the information. By using any of our web sites or sharing your contact information with us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Flags On A Stick agrees to honor customers' requests not to share their contact information with other marketers and customers' requests not to receive mail, telephone, or other solicitations Flags On A Stick.
Collecting Information About You There may be times when we ask you to provide certain contact information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases. Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products, or access certain services, offers and content on our web sites. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or issues specific to your order, entry, etc., even if you have opted to not receive marketing communications from us.
Using Information About You We use your contact information for internal purposes only, such as confirming and tracking your order, subscription, or registration; analyzing preferences, trends, and statistics; informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and providing you with other information from and about Flags On A Stick. We process your contact information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or authorized by you. To the extent necessary for such purposes, we take reasonable steps to make sure that your contact information is accurate, complete, current, and otherwise reliable with regard to its intended use.
Opting Out Of Marketing , Updating and Deleting Information About You We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive email newsletters, call us at 866-610-0557 or email us. Please be sure to include your full name, email address, mailing address, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other contact information with us, please contact us the same way.
×
OK