http://www.minkshoes.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy Notice
The policy
This privacy policy notice is served by Mink Shoes under the website; www.minkshoes.com. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information through the business and while you browse or use this website. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website, and or refrain from submitting your personal data to us.
Policy key definitions:
"I", "our", "us", or "we" refer to the businessMink Shoes.
"you", "the user" refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner's Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Your individual rights
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO [www.ico.org.uk] if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
We use cookies on this website to provide you with a better user experience. We do this by placing a small text file on your device / computer hard drive to track how you use the website, to record or log whether you have seen particular messages that we display, to keep you logged into the website where applicable. Some cookies are required to enjoy and use the full functionality of this website.
Data security and protection
We ensure the security of any personal information we hold by using secure data storage technologies and precise procedures in how we store, access and manage that information. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
Fair & Transparent Privacy Explained
We have provided some further explanations about user privacy and the way we use this website to help promote a transparent and honest user privacy methodology.
Processing of your personal data
MINK Shoes takes your privacy very seriously. We will only ask for and use relevant personal information as necessary.All information collected will be used solely by Mink Shoes to conduct our normal course of business, these include, but are not limited to: administering the website, improving browsing experience, to create engaging content for our website and social media, enable use of services available on website, send to you goods purchased via the website, send statements and invoices to you and collect payments from you, send marketing and non-marketing communications and send you email notifications. Your personal information will not be disclosed to third parties, other than for the purpose of processing payments and our EMS (Email Marketing Service Provider). MINK Shoes actively seeks to comply with U.S.A. and EU privacy laws. We aim to ensure that our privacy policy continually meets all legal requirements in order to maintain and honor your privacy.
Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk). Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
Email marketing messages & subscription
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the "Processing of your personal date" above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons/tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences.
International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you are in the European Union, information that you provide may be transferred to countries (including the United States), which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Union. You expressly agree to such transfers.
Policy Amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time to time by posting new versions on our website. You are encouraged to check this page occasionally to ensure you are satisfied with any changes.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to this privacy policy. You have the right to request a copy of any information we hold about you at any time. Email:info@MINKShoes.comWhenever you have given us your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw that consent.