http://www.and1.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
MEN
Shoes
New Releases
Basketball
Lifestyle
Sale
All Shoes
Clothing
Shirts
Shorts
Hoodies
Sweatpants
Sale
All Clothing
Accessories
Beanies
KIDS
Shoes
New Releases
Basketball
Slides
Sale
All Shoes
ACCESSORIES
Basketballs
Beanies
AND1 Live
AND1 PRESS
TEAMS
Custom Product
Team Pricing
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
Free US Shipping on all orders $99+
Home
/
PRIVACY POLICY
“AND1.com” respect the privacy of every individual who
visits our websites or responds to our interactive communications. By visiting
AND1.com, you are accepting the practices described in this policy. This
Privacy Policy (“Policy”) outlines the information we collect when you visit
the AND1.com website or respond to our interactive communications, and how we
use that information. This Policy will also instruct you on what to do if you
do not want your personal information collected or shared when you visit the
AND1 Site or respond to our interactive communications.
This Policy was last updated on July 5, 2017.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Voluntary Information
You may visit and interact with the AND1 Site without
providing any personal information. Currently, AND1 does not automatically
collect what it considers personally identifiable information about you (your
name, age, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) unless you provide
that information to us voluntarily. For example, if you use the “contact us”
section of the Site, we ask for your first name, last name, and email address.
This is all the information we require to respond to your query. You may also
choose to provide us with your postal address and information about where you
shop. This information is not mandatory, however, and you will not be required
to complete it in order to hear from an AND1 representative. If you contact us
through email communication, your email address and any relevant information
contained in your email will also be collected.
We also collect information from other sources, including
from social media and other websites associated with AND1.com. For example, if
you post a comment on the AND1 Facebook page or send us a tweet or message on
Twitter, we may collect that information as described in this Policy. Please
note that we may combine or cross-reference this information with other
information that we collect about you and use it as described in this Policy.
In addition, AND1 allows you to post images to your social
media account(s) (including, but not limited to, Instagram, Twitter and Facebook)
with certain hashtags. If you add those hashtags to your image, the image may
be redisplayed on the Site. While you retain ownership of the image, using the
hashtags we request gives us permission to display the image. The image may
contain information about you, and we may collect and use that information for
marketing and research purposes. If you do not want your image posted on our
website, please do not use the hashtags listed on the site.
AND1 also has a members-only AND1 Select Program. We use
this information to update our product line and send you information on things
we believe you may be interested in.
If you do not want your personally identifiable information
collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information
and would like us to remove it from our records, please contact us at the
postal or email address listed in this Policy. When you do provide us with
personally identifiable information, we may use that information to improve the
content of the Site, to notify you about updates to our websites, special
offers, promotions, and/or to contact you for marketing purposes. This
information will not be shared for commercial purposes with other companies or
organizations not affiliated with AND1 or its brand group. However, in order to
improve your customer experience, this information is shared with our SBG
Family of websites and any third party service providers we use to maintain the
sites or to process order information, all of which may be viewed here.
We may release personal information if we believe in good
faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid
administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is
necessary to protect our rights, property, or safety, or that of our respective
affiliates, business partners, customers, or others.
AND1.com makes commercially reasonable efforts to comply
with all state and federal laws, including CAN-SPAM. If you do not want to
receive email from us in the future, you may opt out by following the
unsubscribe instructions contained in the email you receive. You may also
contact us at the postal and/or email address listed in this Policy and request
that you not receive digital communications from AND1 or its affiliated
websites. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete your
information from our active files, provided, however, that we may retain — for
legal compliance purposes only — your request and associated email in a hashed
format so that we do not inadvertently restore your information to our
database.
In the event AND1 conducts an online promotion, contest, or
sweepstakes, information we collect will be used consistent with the terms and
conditions outlined in the promotion guidelines or rules, which may include a
reference to this Policy. If the promotion involves the collection of your
mobile phone number, you will be provided a check-box at the promotion site to
opt-in to receiving text messages outside of the promotion, and you need only
text “stop” in reply to any message you receive in order to opt out. AND1
complies with the Telephone Communications Privacy Act, and will not contact
you unless you have expressly opted in to receive messages from us.
Automatically Collected Information
We collect information that is not personally identifiable
when you visit our Site. This includes the Internet browser you are using,
general geolocation data saved on the device from which you access our Site (if
you have enabled it), the computer operating system you are using, time spent
visiting our websites, usage patterns within our websites, and the domain name
of the website from which you linked to our Site or advertisement. It may also
include aggregate information about our users, such as the number of users
visiting the site or a portion of the site, all of which may be shared with third
parties.
Automatically Stored Information
We may store some information on your computer. This
information will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file and will help us
improve your experience on the AND1 Site in many ways. A “cookie” is a small bit
of digital information that tells us where you go within our site, and may also
include information about where you have been on the Internet. Cookies allow us
to tailor the Site and interactive advertisements to better match your
interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies
from your computer’s hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before
a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser’s instructions or “help”
screen to learn more about these functions. Note, however, that if you choose
to erase cookies, your experience may not be optimized on this Site.
Making a Purchase
The safety of your credit card information is important to
us, and AND1 makes commercially reasonable efforts to help protect the security
of information you provide online in connection with a purchase.
As do many companies, AND1 uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)
technology to help keep your online order information safe. SSL technology
encrypts your credit card number, order information and personal information
before it is transmitted to help protect it from being decoded by anyone other
than us.
If you choose to make a payment through PayPal, you will be
redirected to the PayPal website and your information will be handled in
accordance with the terms and privacy conditions you agreed to when you created
your Amazon or PayPal account. If you choose to make a payment directly through
the AND1, you will be using our trusted financial partners who use the SSL
technology. Making a purchase from the AND1 site means, once you enter the
checkout page, your computer will begin communicating with our server using SSL
encryption. You can determine the security of your connection because the first
characters of the site address will change from "http" to
"https". If you are accessing our site from a browser or internet
connection that does not allow SSL encryption. While we cannot guarantee that
our security measures are 100% secure, we use this SSL technology to protect
your information.
If you are accessing the site from outside the U.S., you may
be connected to servers located within the United States or to servers whose
privacy and data protection laws may not be equivalent to the laws in your
country. When you provide this information to us, you are agreeing to the
transfer of your personal information to servers and to facilities that may be
outside of your country of residence and will be handled and processed in
accordance with U.S. law.
We ship to Canada, which is party to the North American Free
Trade Agreement. Accordingly, your shipment may not require duty or taxes, in
some cases, but may still be subject to duty and taxes between 25% and 30%. We
currently do not ship to other countries. In some cases, as is necessary, we
may work with third parties for international shipping purposes and you may be
required to submit credit card and contact information to a third party to
complete your order. Once you’ve completed your order, our third party shipping
and processing partner will communicate with us about the status of your order,
its approval status, and provide us with other information that may be relevant
to the transaction. In many cases for international shipping, our trusted
shipping partner must take title to the shipment and arrange for proper duties
and taxes so that your order can be delivered to you. If you agree that
information from your order may be shared with AND1, we will apply the same
protection to your information as set forth in this policy.
For New Jersey Residents
Nothing in this policy or any policy relating to this
website or our affiliate websites is intended to violate the consumer rights of
New Jersey residents or to deceive them into believing they are giving up
rights available to them.
California Residents
The California Online Privacy Protection Act requires that
we outline our practice as it is related to federal do-not-track signals that
may come from your browser. Because this signal does not often reflect the
preference of our consumers, this website does not respond to it. Users may,
however, request to unsubscribe, as discussed earlier in this Policy.
We provide you with ways to unsubscribe outlined in this
privacy policy, but AND1 does not respond to the do-not-track beacon.
California residents may also request a record of all
personally identifiable information we have on file, as well as a list of all
third parties in the event AND1 has disclosed personal information during the
preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To obtain this
information, please contact us at:
AND1
1407 Broadway Suite 3801
New York, NY 10018
212-425-2999
service@AND1.com
Please include the phrase “Your California Privacy Rights”
in the subject field of your email or on the envelope or post card and in the
actual request. For all requests, please include your name, street address,
city, state, and zip code. We will not accept requests via the telephone or by
facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent
properly, or that do not have complete information.
CHILDREN’S ACCESS
Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
of 1998 and its revisions in 2013, the AND1 Site is a general audience website,
intended for adult use. AND1 does not market to, and does not knowingly collect
any personally identifiable information from, children under thirteen (13)
years of age. Please contact our customer service department if you are aware
of any personal information supplied to the Site by a child under the age of
thirteen (13). To the extent any website that is part of the SBG Family of
Sites does collect information from children, any children’s information is not
shared with SBG’s general use websites, including this AND1 Site.
LINKS TO AND ACCESS TO OTHER SITES
From time to time, AND1 may feature websites unaffiliated
with it. Those sites may have their own privacy policies, or no privacy policies
at all. You will be notified when you are being redirected to another site, and
accessing these links takes you out of the AND1 environment. AND1 has no
control over or responsibility for any unaffiliated third party sites or the
content contained in them, and we provide these links solely for the
convenience of our visitors. AND1.com does not sponsor, endorse, or otherwise
recommend such sites or any products or services they may offer.
If you are linked to a site that is part of the SBG Family,
please check the privacy policy on that site.
REMOVAL OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
If you have submitted personally identifiable information
through AND1.com and would like that information deleted from our records,
please contact us.
AND1
1407 Broadway Suite 3801
New York, NY 10018
212-425-2999
Upon receiving your request, we will delete your personal
information from our existing files, as outlined herein.
"Close (esc)"