http://www.hollywoodtoysandcostumes.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use/
MenuMy AccountContactFacebookTwitter[email protected]1-866-232-1829 Home / Privacy Policy / Terms of UsePrivacyHollywoodtoysandcostumes.com respects the privacy concerns of the users of its internet site and has created this privacy statement to explain what information we gather from your visit to our Site and how such information may be used.Use of Information: As a general policy no personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, or e-mail Address, is automatically collected from your visit to Hollywoodtoysandcostumes.com. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of Hollywoodtoysandcostumes.com’s internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience.Our Site’s various registration forms and surveys may request that you give us contact information (such as your name, mailing and/or e-mail address) demographic information (such as your age and gender). Personally identifiable information is never sold, leased or disclosed to any third parties.Our Site uses various order forms for you to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information (such as your name, mailing and/or e-mail address), and when appropriate, financial information (your credit card number) to process your request or purchase. Contact information from an order form is used to fulfill orders, and to provide information about our company to you if requested. The contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary regarding your order. Financial information that is collected is used to process your request for products, and will not be shared with third parties who are not involved with the transaction.SecuritySecurity is a priority at Hollywoodtoysandcostumes.com and we take every precaution necessary to ensure your purchasing experience with us is enjoyable as well as safe.  We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encrypting to ensure your personal information is kept private and secure. Credit card information is collected for purchases and transmitted via Geotrust encryption, one of the most trusted security providers on the Internet.The use of this Site indicates your agreement to the Privacy statement above. Hollywoodtoysandcostumes.com reserve the right to make changes and updates to this Privacy statement. All changes will be posted here in the Privacy / Terms & Conditions section of our website. Please check back periodically to view any such changes.