http://www.thenewpress.com/general-info/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
The New Press
Books to Change Minds About Justice
About
Books
Authors
Events
Contact
Donate
Blog
Enter your keywords
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
The New Press takes your online privacy seriously. You may visit this site anonymously as often as you like without providing any personally identifying information (such as your name, address or e-mail address). We do not collect personally identifying information from you except when you specifically provide it, and we protect the information we receive. We will never rent or sell your e-mail address to third parties. However, we may collect information in aggregate about your browser, language type, IP address, incoming link, and date and time of your request via cookies so that we can improve our site—in no event does the cookie we place on your computer tell us anything about your visits to other websites or your use of the Internet in any other way.
As you explore our website, you may come across forms in which we ask you to provide us voluntarily with information about yourself. In most of these instances we are seeking only your e-mail address so that we can send you the specific information that you request, such as a newsletter. If you decide to submit your e-mail address, we will not use your name or e-mail address for non-relevant communication and will not sell or rent your name or address to third parties.
At other places in this site, we ask for your feedback, opinion or suggestions, and provide you with a form or link for e-mailing us your response. If you send your e-mail or submit such a form to us, it will include your e-mail address in the "From" line. Unless you specifically ask to be added to a mailing list, we promise to use the e-mail address we receive in this manner only for the purpose of responding to your questions or suggestions, and will not approach you with unsolicited offers or provide your e-mail address to anyone else.
If you have previously provided us with your e-mail address and later decide that you do not want us to have it, please email us at newpress @ thenewpress.com .
We provide many links to other web pages, but are not responsible for the information contained in any exterior sites. Similarly, the Privacy Policies of these outside sites might differ from those set forth in our privacy policy. If you have any concerns regarding privacy issues, please contact us at newpress @ thenewpress.com .
The New Press is a nonprofit public-interest book publisher. Your gift will support The New Press in continuing to leverage books for social change. Please make a tax-deductible donation today!
Donate to The New Press
Stay connected! Sign up to receive newsletters and event invitations.
Email address *
Out of site fields
First Name *
Last Name *
Zip code *
Sign me up for:
Newsletter
Events
Academic offers
Bookseller updates
Librarian updates
CAPTCHAThis confirms that you are a human visitor and prevents spam. It is not case-sensitive.
Inquiries
Contact
Academic Requests
Bulk Orders
Distribution
Employment
Internships
Media and Review Copies
Rights and Permissions
Submissions
Copyright © 2020
The New Press
Privacy Policy
Site Map
120 Wall Street, 31st Floor
New York, NY 10005
(212) 629-8802
newpress@thenewpress.com
Log In
Follow us: