https://www.viking-shield.com/privacy-notice/
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
At viking-shield.com, we are committed to ensuring our customers' privacy. In order to do this, we adhere to the privacy standards we've set for ourselves and those set by the Direct Marketing Association ("The DMA"). The DMA's privacy standards are aimed at assisting online marketers such as ourselves in meeting consumer expectations with respect to their personal information.
What personal information is collected?When you visit viking-shield.com, your internet service provider is automatically recognized, but you cannot be identified as an individual. viking-shield.com will track use of the website by our visitors; however, unless you sign in as a customer such tracking will be done anonymously. You are not required to provide viking-shield.com with any information in order to browse the viking-shield.com website. If you choose to provide information in connection with your use of viking-shield.com, including but not limited to, your name, your date of birth, your email address and your telephone number, this information will only be used as described in this policy.
How will the personal information I submit be used?Viking-shield.com uses personal information you submit for the following purposes:
to provide the products and services you request;
to process your orders;
for our marketing and promotional purposes; and
to ensure that your shopping experience is as easy and pleasant as possible.
Disclosure of your personal informationViking-shield.com does not sell or exchange any personal information of its customers with any third parties. However, we may release your personal information in the event we are compelled to do so by court order or other requirement of law, or if we, in good faith, believe such release is advisable or necessary. Additionally, it is possible that in the future we may sell our online business. In connection with such a sale, your personal information may be transferred to a third party.
ConsentBy providing information on viking-shield.com you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of such personal information in the manner described in this privacy policy. You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the procedure described in the Choice/Opt-Out provision set forth below.
CookiesFrom time to time, for your convenience, viking-shield.com might issue you a "cookie" during your visit to our website. A cookie is a small file that contains information (such as your login name on viking-shield.com) and is stored by your computer's browser. We do not use cookies for any reason other than to provide convenience to the visitors of viking-shield.com and to improve their online shopping experience.
Choice/Opt-OutWe may send you catalogs or e-mails to inform you of new products, services and special offers. If you would prefer not to be contacted about such special offers, products or services, please notify us of such preference using any of the contact information set forth below. Please be aware that viking-shield.com will honor all opt-out requests, however, there may be a delay between your submission of such request and the actual removal of your name and contact information from our mailing lists as these are generated well in advance of our actual mailings.
Email us: vikingshield@viking-shield.com
Call us:
1-262-822-4301Write us:
Viking Shield, LLC
2310 S Green Bay Rd
Suite C-104
Racine, WI 53406
What other data security measures does viking-shield.com have in place?In accordance with industry custom, we enforce commercially reasonable security measures which are commensurate with the sensitivity of the personal information (including encryption using SSL technology) in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of personal information that we have collected from you on the viking-shield.com website.
We Respect Childrenviking-shield.com is committed to protecting the privacy of children. The website is not directed at children, and viking-shield.com does not knowingly collect any information from children.
Links to Other SitesThis website may contain links to third party websites operated by individuals or companies unrelated to viking-shield.com. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party websites. These linked websites are for your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. We recommend that you review the privacy policies posted on such third party websites prior to utilizing them.Privacy Policy UpdatesOccasionally, viking-shield.com may update its privacy policy and information security procedures. If our privacy and/or information security procedures change at any time in the future, we will post the new changes conspicuously on our website to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt-out in accordance with the Choice/Opt-Out provisions set forth above.
AccessUpon request we will inform you of the existence, use or disclosure of your personal information. Please feel free to contact us at any time with any questions or complaints you may have or to edit your personal information or have it removed from our database. We can be reached by any of the means of contact included in the Choice/Opt-Out provision set forth above.
Corporate Information and Affiliations:
Viking Shield, LLC
2310 S Green Bay Rd
Suite C-104
Racine, WI 53406
×