https://www.spotlitemagic.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
For the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on Javascript in your browser.
My Account
My Wish List
Checkout
Sign In
All Categories
- - Adults
- - Decorations & Props
- - - - DECOR & PROPS
- - Hats Wigs & Masks
- - - - HOLIDAY
- - Holidays
- - Kids
- - Occasions
- - - - Birthday
- - Magic Products
- - - - Magic Lectures
- - Costumes
- - - - Adult Costumes
- - - - - - MEN
- - - - - - WOMEN
- - - - Baby & Toddler Costumes
- - - - Kid's Costumes
- - - - - - GIRLS
- - - - Kids Costumes
- - - - Mascot Costumes
- - - - Pet Costumes
- - - - Teen Costumes
- - Accessories
- - - - Accessories & Makeup
- - - - - - BOYS
- - - - Costume Accessories
- - Party
- - - - 1st Birthday Party Supplies
- - - - Birthday Party Supplies
- - - - Decorations & Party
- - - - Décor & Party Supplies
- - - - General Party
- - - - Party Supplies
- - In-store products
Search
Top Search:
-grouped
batman
off+world
off world
White fishnet
Shopping CartMy Cart -
All Categories
Magic Products
Accessories
AccessoriesAccessories & MakeupBOYSCostume Accessories
Adults
Costumes
CostumesAdult CostumesMENWOMENBaby & Toddler CostumesKid's CostumesGIRLSKids CostumesMascot CostumesPet CostumesTeen Costumes
Decorations & Props
DECOR & PROPS
Hats, Wigs & Masks
HOLIDAY
Holidays
Kids
Occasions
OccasionsBirthday
Party
Party1st Birthday Party SuppliesBirthday Party SuppliesDecorations & PartyDécor & Party SuppliesGeneral PartyParty Supplies
In-store products
More Categories
Categories
There are no items matching the selection.
Sign Up
Newsletter
Subscribe to the Market mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, special offers and other discount information.
Subscribe
Don't show this popup again
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Linkedin
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Spot Lite Magic & Costumes, we respect our guests and understand that you are concerned about privacy. Therefore, we wantto let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, and with whom it may be shared.
This Policy may change as we continue to develop our websites, mobile applications and online services or programs (collectively “websites”), so we encourage you to refer to this Policy on an ongoing basis, so that you understand our current Policy.
This Policy may change as we continue to develop our websites, mobile applications and online services or programs (collectively “websites”), so we encourage you to refer to this Policy on an ongoing basis, so that you understand our current Policy.
If you have any questions or concerns, contact us at mike@spotlitejumps.com.
----
SECTION 1 – WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect various types of information depending on how you use our websites, such as:
When you purchase something or make a donation from one of our websites, we collect certain personal information, such as your name, address, phone number, and email address, in order to process your purchase.
When you send us a message, we collect your email address so that we can respond to you.
When you create an account with us, we collect personal information such as your name, address, and email address in order to expedite any future purchases.
When you register and/or participate in any event, program, contest, surveys or other promotion that we may offer from time to time (collectively, “Promotions”), we may collect certain contact information from you.
When you begin or complete the employment applicationwe collect personal information such as your name, address, and phone number in order to process your application.
When you access or use Spot Lite Magic & Costumes or accounts on any third-party social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter or Instagram (“Social Media Pages”);
When you comment on our blog or sign up to receive news and special offers from us, we may use your email address in order to communicate with you about Spot Lite Magic & Costumes products, services, or events we think may be of interest to you (as permitted by law).
When you browse our websites, we may also collect certain “non-personal information,” which by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact you. This includes demographic information (such as your age, gender, income, education, zip code, etc.), technical information (such as your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address, device screen resolution, device type, operating system, mouse movements, location and clicks, keypresses and the type of browser you are using), and information you provide us while using our websites (such as the terms you enter in the search function of our websites). This information helps us evaluate consumer trends and usage related to our websitesand allows us to improve our website content and offerings accordingly.
We will retain your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or not prohibited by law.
SECTION 2 – YOUR CONSENT
In many circumstances, we will not collect or process your personal information without your consent.
We will ask for your express consent where required or where we find it appropriate. If you choose not to consent, please do not use our website, products, or services, and do not provide us with any personal information.
SECTION 3 – HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Online Advertising and Third Parties
We work with certain third parties for advertising or promotional purposes, including to: conduct special events; serve advertisements across the Internet; track and categorize your activity and interests over time on our websites and mobile applications, and on third-party websites and mobile applications; and to identify the different devices you use to access websites and mobile applications.
We may share your information with these third parties as described in this Policy, and these third parties may collect information from you independently as described in their privacy policies. The information that these companies collect or that we share may be used to customize or personalize the advertisements that are displayed to you.
We may share personal information with the third parties we work with for advertising purposes; however, we generally do not share personal information about you with third parties for third-party marketing or advertising purposes. We may also share aggregate information, such as demographic information, and our statistical analyses, to third parties in our discretion.
This aggregate information does not include your personal information.
We may share personal information with the third parties we work with for advertising purposes; however, we generally do not share personal information about you with third parties for third-party marketing or advertising purposes. We may also share aggregate information, such as demographic information, and our statistical analyses, to third parties in our discretion.
This aggregate information does not include your personal information.
We may also share your personal information with third-party providers that perform services for us.
For example, our web store is hosted by Shopify Inc.
We share your personal information with service providers such as Shopify in order to provide our website and products and services to you. Any credit card or bank account information you provide our websites will not be stored on our serversand is instead passed directly to the third-party provider.
When we work with a third-party provider, we require that these parties agree to process your personal information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy and applicable laws.
Please remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. If you choose to use our websites, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which our third-party providers or their facilities are located.
Other Disclosures
Additionally, we may disclose your personal information and other related information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may also collect and share personal information in order to investigate or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law or by government and regulatory authorities.
Links and Social Network Posting Tools
Our websites may provide links to other third-party websites that are outside our control and not covered by this policy. For example, our websites provide social network posting and sharing buttons that allow you to post links to our content on your social network pages. When you click on these buttons or other links on our websites, the third party operating the linked site may be collecting information about your browser, device, and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Links and Social Network Posting Tools
Our websites may provide links to other third-party websites that are outside our control and not covered by this policy. For example, our websites provide social network posting and sharing buttons that allow you to post links to our content on your social network pages. When you click on these buttons or other links on our websites, the third party operating the linked site may be collecting information about your browser, device, and online activity through its own tracking technologies and subject to its own separate privacy policy, which may differ from ours. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy policies.
Information You Post to Our Websites
Keep in mind that any information that you choose to post to our websites, including product reviews and blog comments, can be seen, collected, and used by anyone who visits our websites. We are not responsible for unauthorized third-party uses of such information.
SECTION 4 – HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take reasonable physical, technical, and organizational measures to protect the personal information collected on our websites. Of course, no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. As we deem appropriate, we use security measures consistent with industry standards. However, we cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you provide us won’t be intercepted during transmission over the Internet
SECTION 5 – COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
When you visit or interact with our websites, we or our third-party providers may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies in order to operate our websites and services, to improve our performance, or to give you extra functionalities, all with the goal of providing a better experience for you.
Third parties that have content embedded on our website (such as buttons, widgets, and other embedded features or content) may set cookies on your browser or obtain information about the fact that you visited our websites from a certain IP address. Our third-party providers may also collect personal information as described in the section above. We do not authorize third parties to collect any other personal information from our websites unless you provide it to them directly.
What Are Cookies and How to Disable Them
A “cookie” is a small piece of information send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected devices to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. It holds information a site may need to interact with you and personalize your experience. Our websites use both session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies enable you to move from page to page and to use features on our websites while your browser remains open. For example, session cookies allow you to add products to your shopping cart and carry the contents of your cart to checkout.
Persistent cookies last from visit to visit. For example, persistent cookies may be used to recognize you as a previous user to provide a more personalized experience. They are stored in your computer, device, or browser until you choose to delete them.
SECTION 6 – CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
It is our policy not to knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13. If you are a parent/guardian and you suspect that your child may have submitted personal information to us, please send us an email.
If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will strive to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
SECTION 7 – YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS
Residents of the State of California have the right to request a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
However, it is our policy to neither disclose personal information, nor to sell such information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes without your consent.
SECTION 8 – CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. This Policy was last updated May 24, 2018.
If our business undergoes a fundamental change such as, for example, a sale, merger, or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets, we may disclose your personal information to the other parties in the transaction so that we may continue to provide products and services to you.
SECTION 9 – ACCESS AND CORRECTIONS
You may contact us at any time at spotlitemagic.com to (1) see what personal information we have about you, if any, (2) change or correct any personal information we have about you, 3) have us delete any personal information we have about you, or 4) express any complaints or concerns you have about our use of your personal information. It is not technologically possible to change or delete each and every instance of the information we hold on you from our systems, and data may remain in non-erasable or aggregate form. We may retain data in our backup or temporary systems. We may also retain some information for longer periods as required or permitted by law, contract, or auditing requirements.
SECTION 10 – INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM NON-U.S. RESIDENTS
If you are located outside the United States, please note that you may be transferring your personal information to a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your home country.
For personal information received from the European Union, European Economic Area, or Switzerland, Spot Lite Magic & Costumes is committed to handling your personal information in accordance with this Policy and the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield (or the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, as the case may be), as administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce. If there is any conflict between the terms of this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
SECTION 11 – QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
We welcome your feedback and questions about this Policy. If for any reason you wish to contact us, please send us an email.
Any complaints will be resolved internally in accordance with our complaintsprocedures. If you live in the European Union, European Economic Area, or Switzerland and efforts to resolve the matter internally are unsatisfactory, the complaint may be submitted to the American Arbitration Association (http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html), which has been selected as the independent recourse mechanism to resolve complaints and disputes relating to treatment of data originating in the European Union, European Economic Area, or Switzerland under this Policy. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Sign Up For Newsletter
Subscribe
Contact Us
Location: Spot Lite Magic & Costumes6808 S. Memorial Drive, Suite 220Tulsa, OK 74133
Email: spotlitemagictulsa@gmail.com
Phone 1 : 918-791-0175
About Spot Lite
About Us
Privacy Policy
Orders and Returns
Site Map
Customer Service
Shipping Policy
My Account
Return Policy
Contact Us
Payment & Shipping
Payment Methods
Shipping Guide
Locations We Ship To
Estimated Delivery Time
All prices are in USD Copyright ©
Spot Lite Magic & Costumes.
Continue
View Cart
Compare Products
My Wishlist