https://www.willowfabrics.com/privacy-policy
Email: enquiries@willowfabrics.com
My Account
Log In
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Willow Fabrics
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Search
Go
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting your privacy.
We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We collect information about you for two reasons firstly to process your order and secondly to provide you with the best possible service.  We collect this information at the point of ordering i.e. over the telephone, from a written letter or email or from an order made on our website. The information is collected by us and not by a third party.
The type of information we will collect about you includes:
Name.
Address.
Telephone number.
Email address.
Credit/debit card details.
Personal information may be withheld if it is not needed to complete the transaction.
We need to collect name, address and credit/debit card details in order to process your order.  We also ask for your telephone number and email address in case we need to contact you regarding your order.
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent.
The information we hold will be accurate and up to date.You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct them promptly.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law and the which? Web Trader code.
If we intend to transfer personal information about you outside the EEA (European Economic Area) we will always obtain your consent first.
As well as matters to do with your order, we may email you occasionally if there are matters we feel you should know about.
We will give you the chance to refuse any marketing email from us or from another trader in the future.
We use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to our site. Using a 'cookie' which is stored on your device; You can usually modify your browser to prevent this from happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify you unless you modify your browser settings. However, if you disable cookies the service may not perform at its best for you.
If you have any questions/comments about privacy you should contact customer care.
This privacy policy sets out how Willow Fabrics uses and protects any information that you give Willow Fabrics when you use this website. Willow Fabrics is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Willow Fabrics may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
Name.
Contact information including email address.
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests.
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section below.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed in your device's storage. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at enquiries@willowfabrics.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us at:
Penny Creative Media Ltd.69 High Street,Bideford,Devon, EX39 2AT.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store:
COOKIE NameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your wishlist.
Follow us on
About Us
Contact Us
Postage & Packing
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Conversion Charts
Cross Stitch Calculator
Needlecraft Techniques
Site Map
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
SSL Certificates