https://www.spangle.co.uk/terms-conditions/
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. Please click Accept Cookies to continue to use the site.
Accept Cookies
Home
Terms &
Conditions
Terms &
Conditions
Introduction
Welcome to the Spangle Terms and Conditions for use of our website (“site”). This site is provided to you free of charge, for your personal use, subject to these Terms and Conditions. By using the Spangle site and/or by placing an order with us, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions set out below. If you do not wish to accept the Terms and Conditions, you should discontinue the use of the site.
If you have any questions relating to these Terms and Conditions, please do not hesitate to contact our Customer Service Representatives via email (cs@spangle.co.uk) or call us on 01371 822973. Our lines are open from 9am-6pm on Weekdays.
Please address any postal correspondence to: Spangle House, Flitch Green, Great Dunmow, Essex, CM6 3FF
Website Use
-Registration
By registering as a user of Spangle you warrant that information provided is true, accurate and complete. Further, we require that you inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering, by updating your personal details online or by contacting our Customer Service Representatives via email (cs@spangle.co.uk) or telephone (01371 822973)
Your registration on the Spangle site will be taken as your agreement not to create an account in order to impersonate any person or to use a false or unauthorised name.
-Our Rights
Please note that we have the right to revise and amend these Terms and Conditions from time to time; any changes will be announced on the Spangle site. If you do not wish to accept the Terms and Conditions following an update, you should discontinue the use of the site. Continuation of orders and use of the site, after the date on which the changes come into effect, will be construed as your acceptance and your agreement to be bound by those Terms and Conditions.
Orders
By placing an order through our site, or over the telephone, you warrant that you are over eighteen years of age.
-Mailing Preferences
Please be advised that when placing an order online you will be automatically added to our promotional emailing list. Your address will also be registered for our catalogue mailings. Should you wish to opt out of promotional email activity, please click on the “unsubscribe” link which can be found on the bottom of any marketing email. To opt out of catalogue mailings, please contact our Customer Service Representatives. We do not share your private information with any third party companies or sites nor participate in the cold calling our customers.
-Order Confirmation and Dispatch
Upon completion of the order process online you will receive an email from us acknowledging receipt of your order. Please note that at this point, your order has not been accepted. All orders are subject to acceptance by us, before dispatch. Should we experience a problem regarding this, our Customer Service Representatives will be in contact with you. Upon acceptance of your order you will receive a ‘Dispatch Confirmation’ email. This means that your order has left Spangle and is now being shipped to your specified address.
-Our Right to Cancel an Order
Should we be unable to accept an order, our Customer Service Representatives will be in contact with you regarding how we can next proceed.
Non-acceptance of an order may be the result of one of the following:
The product ordered being currently out of stock
The product ordered being discontinued from our lines
An unauthorised payment
Our Customer Service Representatives will aim to be in contact with you as soon as a problem occurs so that we can aid a resolution for you.
Description of Products
We take all reasonable care to ensure that product information displayed on our site is correct at the time of your ordering. All details, descriptions and prices appearing on the site are correct at the time they are entered on the system. We aim to keep the site updated at all times; however, information appearing at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place the order. Should this be the case, you will be notified by a Customer Service Representative.
Every care is taken to ensure that the description and specifications of our jewellery is correct. However, the colour reproduction is a close representation, a slight variation in the actual product may occur. Please contact our Customer Service Representatives if you are unhappy with any of the items you receive and they will advise you accordingly.
Price and Payment
Please note that the prices of items on our site are liable to change at any time. These changes will not affect orders that have been placed before this time.
All products displayed on our website will be viewed as correct, except in cases of obvious error. These prices exclude delivery charges which will be applied upon checkout.
Delivery
Upon receipt of an order and confirmation of payment in full, our standard delivery time is usually 48 hours. If we receive an order on our website before 2pm we aim to despatch the order the same day 1st class post.
If an order is placed for multiple items, of which one or more are out of stock, we will aim to dispatch the available items within our standard shipping despatch times. The remaining items will be held on back order until they are in stock. The estimated dates for these will be provided for you on your despatch note, included within your order. Should there be a delay, for any reason, our Customer Service Representatives will contact you to discuss how you wish to proceed.
If you require any further information regarding delivery, please see our Shipping page.
Return Policy and Instructions
-Returns Policy
Here at Spangle, providing the best quality products and service is extremely important to us. If you are not completely satisfied with your order, please return the goods to us. We require that items are returned unused and in the original packaging, within 14 days. Should this be upheld, we will happily provide a refund or, alternatively, exchange the item. We do not accept returns of earrings for hygiene reasons.Spangle will accept full responsibility for a broken item that is deemed a manufacturing fault and will happily refund, replace or exchange accordingly. However, we cannot be held responsible for items that have been accidentally broken. All damaged returns will be subject to an inspection by the Returns Department before a suggested course of action can be discussed.Regrettably, delivery charges for the original order will not be refunded. Any items returned that arrive damaged or become lost, will not be credited. Goods received damaged in transit will be replaced at no cost with free delivery, provided you inform us of any breakage within three days of receiving the order.
Refunds will be processed according to the method of payment originally used for your order. Should this be unacceptable, please contact us to discuss this matter with a Customer Service Representative.
Returns for refund received after 14 working days will be offered a Customer Credit for use on their next order. Please contact our Customer Service Representatives should you be delayed in returning your parcel.
For information on how to return items to us, please see our Returns Page.
-International Returns:
Unfortunately, any parcels returned from an international address will be at your own cost. We also recommend a free receipt of postage be obtained when returning orders from overseas as we will not accept responsibility for parcels lost in transit.
For the overseas returns address, please contact our Customer Service Representatives via email (cs@spangle.co.uk) or telephone on 0845 003 8074.
Promotional Codes and Offer Information
Promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer including during our Sale periods.
-Pricing
“Strikethrough” prices are displayed in accordance with a clearance, sale or promotional item. If an item is added to your basket whilst this sale is still live but you do not checkout, your basket will revert back to the original price of the product, before the sale.
-Gift Vouchers
Gift vouchers may only be purchased and redeemed via the Spangle site. Should you wish to gift a voucher you may send this direct, via email, to the recipient or send to your personal email address for use at a later date. There is no time limit for use of voucher codes, once purchased. Please ensure you input the correct email address details when purchasing a voucher.
-Money off Promotion Codes
“Money Off” promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or code and can only be applied to an order above the amount specified on the marketing email and/or catalogue received. Promotional discount codes offered by Spangle are only valid until the date specified and delivery charges will still apply.
If you return an item to us for a refund, having ordered with a money-off promotional code and your total order now equates to lower than the threshold for the original offer, you will no longer qualify for the monetary discount. We will therefore refund you the original price of the item, less the value of the code used.
-Promotional Percentage Discount Codes
“Percentage Discount” promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or code and can only be applied according to the specifications outlined on the marketing email and/or catalogue received. Promotional discount codes offered by Spangle are only valid until the date specified and delivery charges will still apply.
If you return an item to us for a refund we will refund you the original price of the item, less the percentage value discounted from the original order.
-Promotional Free Gift Codes
“Free Gift” promotional codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or code and can only be applied according to the specifications outlined on the marketing email and/or catalogue received. Promotional codes offered by Spangle are only valid until the date specified and delivery charges will still apply.
If you return an item to us for a refund, having ordered with a promotional code for free gift provided you spend over a certain amount, and your total order now equates to lower than the threshold for the original offer, you will no longer qualify for this promotion. We therefore request that you return the gift to us with your return, or be willing to pay for the gift at the retail price. Alternatively, we can process an exchange for the returned item so that the monetary value of the order remains higher than the threshold for the original offer.
-Promotional Delivery Codes
“Free Delivery” codes cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer or code and can only be applied according to the specifications outlined on the marketing email and/or catalogue received. Promotional codes offered by Spangle are only valid until the date specified. Please note that free delivery applied to our Standard delivery service. We are unable to provide free delivery for Next Day or International Orders. Redemption of a free delivery code should be confirmed at checkout. Please ensure you select the free delivery option.
Should you return the items from your order for a refund, we will refund the original price of the items returned.
The Black Friday Event
The 'up to 70% off' promotion will only apply to the items listed in the Black Friday Event. Any additional promotion codes will NOT apply to these items.
Additional promotion codes can be applied to the overall order but this discount will only apply to items outside of The Black Friday Event.
Privacy
All information provided by you and processed by Spangle is in accordance with our Privacy Policy. By using the Spangle site, we assume consent of this and you warrant that all data provided is correct for our use only. We do not share or sell your details with third parties.
Cookies
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to record session information by users of our site, record user-specific information on the pages the visitor selects for viewing and to retain the visitor's answer to our question regarding residency. If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can modify your browser preferences to reject them. However, if you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use parts of the site.
Disclaimer
Whilst all reasonable care is taken to ensure accuracy of the contents and information on this site, Spangle or anyone associated with Spangle cannot accept any liability for any loss arising out of direct or indirect use of this information. Spangle reserves the right to change the data, references, product specifications, pricing or otherwise amend the contents in full or part at any time without notice.
×