https://www.brfarms.com/privacy-notice/
Star
Star
Cart
Search
Search
Home
Shop
Dried California Blenheim Apricots
Apricot Fruit Preserves & Toppings
Chocolate Covered Apricots
Apricot Frozen Puree
Sun-Dried Apricot Seeds
Better Together Market
Gift Packages
About the Blenheim
Our Story
Apricot Recipes
Beverages
Appetizers & Snacks
Breads
Breakfast
Dessert
Dressings & Sauces
Entrees
Salads
Sides
Blog
Contact
Login
B & R Farms, LLC has created this page to inform you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of this Site. We strive to provide you with the best online experience with us and use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, fill out a form, respond to a survey, subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, and PayPal information.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personal identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
INFORMATION USE
B & R Farms, LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site: We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactions: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site feature: To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails: The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
INFORMATION SHARING & PROTECTION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers, like Google Analytics and Google Ads, for the purposes outlined above. To opt out of these advertising services visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
COOKIES
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Some of our business partners, like Google Analytics may also use cookies on our site.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.
POLICY CHANGES
B & R Farms, LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
www.brfarms.com
5280 Fairview Road Hollister, CA 95023
831-637-9168
info@brfarms.com
Last modified: June 18, 2019