https://www.leathershoppes.com/pages/policy-terms.html
×
Search
Home
Help
Policy -Terms
Policy -Terms
To Order:
For Furniture you may order by phone or online. A minimum 50% non-refundable deposit is required at the time you place your order. Items under ($1500.) or items that are in stock are taken in full at time of order. The deposit is payable by Amazon Pay, Bank Wire, PayPal, Cashier's Check, Visa, MasterCard, or Discover/Novus or American Express. Typical lead times to manufacture your custom furniture takes 45-90 days + shipping time. This may vary by factory and/or product. A sales consultant will provide you with a closer estimate. When placing a special order you will receive a order contract with details and will need to sign. This is done electronically. We do this to assure you are getting exactly what you want to order. When your order is ready to ship from the factory, you will be notified by email. Upon payment your order will be released to the delivery service. Order processing and delivery by dedicated procurement company will vary by company to company and we do not guarantee the amount of time it will require each respective manufacturer to produce your order and thus complete shipment. Order processing and delivery by dedicated procurement company will vary by company to company and we do not guarantee the amount of time it will require each respective manufacturer to produce your order and thus complete shipment. Color disclaimer: Actual product color may vary from the images shown. Every monitor or mobile display has a different capability to display colors and every individual may see these colors differently. In addition, lighting conditions at the time the photo was taken can also affect an images color. We recommend requesting swatches before purchase.
Shipping:
We ship nationwide (to the lower 48 states) for free. We do offer shipping to Alaska and Hawaii for an additional charge. We do not offer a Gold Delivery option for Alaska or Hawaii at this time, however if this is required we can check with local services at time of order. Please see a customer service rep for details. Items like ottomans that can be shipped by FedEx or UPS will be delivered to your door within the contiguous United States if ordered by itself. Bronze delivery options include an item dropped off at driveway/garage and not delivered inside the home. Large items like Sectionals, Sofas, etc will receive our "White glove gold home delivery" placed by professional delivery personnel, at a flat extra charge. All furniture is handled with the utmost care and moved on furniture vans. Please allow up to 30 days for routing/delivery after the furniture is produced depending on area of country.
Delivery Fit:
LeatherShoppes.com cannot be responsible for measuring doorways or determining if items will fit into a customer's home, or any room within the customer's home. It is the responsibility of the customer to determine based on dimensions provided if the items will fit into the home by a comfortable margin. If the room delivery area consist of narrow halls, doorways, or stairwells etc, LeatherShoppes.com/Leather Shoppes Inc. will not be responsible for any damages that could result in attempting placement. The delivery driver might require you to sign a damage waiver or leave the furniture in the closest adjoining room. We do not accept returns on "Built to Order item(s) If the furniture is returned with the delivery company and extra charges will apply.
White Glove BRONZE /GOLD Delivery/Notification:
Items are inspected by the delivery provider prior to leaving the origin warehouse, and a team of two delivery professionals will deliver the furniture to the customer. If a BRONZE delivery option is selected then the item will be left at the garage or driveway area. White glove GOLD delivery offered by LeatherShoppes.com is defined as transportation to the customers home from the factory, inside placement of furniture, up to a 2nd floor, unwrapping, and basic set-up. When the furniture has been transferred to the nearest facility and matched to a route, the customer will be notified by the delivery service usually within a week before with a time for delivery. Deliveries are usually done Monday-Friday during normal business hours. Occasionally weekend deliveries are available but not guaranteed. Keep in mind, with some of our deliveries, trucks are loaded as to area of country and take some time to fill a complete load to come your way. Please be sure and have someone home to receive your furniture, if no one is home a re-delivery charge will apply. If your home is not accessible to the delivery truck we will assist in arranging for the transport of your merchandise to the nearest accessible point and it will be your responsibility to provide a means of transportation from the truck to your home. You may incur a remote delivery surcharge if your ship to address falls outside the geographical area normally served by our carriers. Please call for details. Any order left in warehouse and not delivered is subject to storage charges after a specified time frame. Any order left in the warehouse, not delivered, or picked up after 100 days of ready date is subject to forfeiture of any deposit, and we have the right to liquidate the merchandise.
Defects and Damages:
In all handcrafted furniture, there will be some variances and irregular areas, and these must be tolerated. With top grain and full grain leather, there will always be shading and other color variations. Also present are healed scars, barbwire nicks, urine burns, fat folds, neck wrinkles, and other of nature's hallmarks. These in no way can be considered a defect. Keep in mind all our furniture is made by hand and no two pieces will be alike. If furniture you receive at time of delivery is damaged like rubs, torn areas of upholstery, or recliners do not operate because of damage it is best to refuse the delivery and make note on bill of lading. We will at our option replace the affected area, in the case of leather re-dye the finish to cover scratches professionally, or replace the item if we and or the manufacturer deem necessary, but solely at our discretion. Cambric/Dust covers under furniture serve no real purpose and will not be replaced if torn or ripped . LeatherShoppes.com will not issue credits or replacement for damages not notated at time of delivery.
Cancellations/Returns:
All furniture we carry is hand crafted at time order is placed. Cancellations cannot be accepted after an order is placed after 48 hours, as we are not allowed to cancel from the manufacturer. A minimum 50% deposit is required and non refundable at time of purchase. If an item is damaged or has a major defect, we will at our sole discretion provide a replacement, refund, or in home repair assistance at no additional cost to you. Any items ordered from Clearance area is "All sales final", as much of this product is manufacturer return, closeouts, discontinued, one of a kinds and parts and warranty may not be available. Delivery/shipping charges are deductible from refund if applicable with any "Free Delivery offer as this is based on you keeping the furniture. Any refunds will be fulfilled within 14 days after receipt of goods at our receiving warehouse and when fully inspected. Non damaged items have a 30 day limit after receipt of goods to return, after this time frame no returns will be accepted. Any order left in warehouse, not delivered or picked up after 100 days of ready date is subject to forfeiture of deposit, and we have the right to sell the merchandise. For any Defective or Damaged Items here are the steps to follow * In Stock orders are any product in a specific color that is specifically indicated on that product page as being an "In Stock" product. In Stock orders that have not been shipped from the origin warehouse may be cancelled for a full refund. If an "In Stock " item has already been shipped or received by the customer it can be returned and LeatherShoppes.com will issue a refund less 15% restocking fee plus the round trip shipping charges. We must be notified within 48 hours after receipt of any damage. A return authorization must be issued within 7 days after receipt of goods. If an * In Stock product arrives damaged and cannot be repaired, LeatherShoppes.com will pay to return the item and send a replacement to the customer. As part of the terms of the purchase, if the customer decides not to accept repair of the item(s) at the expense of LeatherShoppes.com or replacement of the item(s) by LeatherShoppes.com, the item(s) can be returned, however the return round trip shipping costs and a 15% restock fee will apply and be deducted from the refund per the terms of our Cancellation and Return Policy. If an * In Stock item is refused because of color, seating firmness, size, or if the customer decides they do not like what they purchased, our Cancellation and Return policy for "In Stock item(s) will apply. Associated costs for shipping and restock fees will be deducted from the customer refund. * Made to Order products on our website or ordered by phone that requires a leather selection, consist of an item we do not stock, has to be built or manufactured, has color and/or design options is considered "Made to Order". Made to order products require a 50% non refundable deposit. These orders can be cancelled within a 48 hour grace period. After 48 hours if the customer decides to cancel the 50% deposit will be forfeited. If a *Made to Order item arrives damaged, and cannot be repaired, LeatherShoppes.com will pay to return the item and send a replacement to the customer. As part of the terms of the purchase, if the customer decides not to accept repair of the item(s) at the expense of LeatherShoppes.com or replacement of the item(s) by LeatherShoppes.com, the item(s) cannot be returned, without forfeiture of the 50% non refundable deposit per the terms of our Cancellation and Return Policy. If a * Made to Order item is refused because of color, seating firmness, size, or the customer decides they do not like what the purchased, LeatherShoppes.com will accept the item but the customer will forfeit the 50% non refundable deposit. NO REFUNDS FOR INTERNATIONAL ORDERS All International orders shipped outside of the 48 contiguous United States are FINAL SALES and are not returnable, non-refundable or may not be canceled for any reason whatsoever. For all orders shipping outside the 48 contiguous United States, LeatherShoppes.com requires 100% payment upfront. Orders will not be processed until the entire order is paid for in full.LeatherShoppes.com only accepts Wire Transfer or PayPal Payment methods for International orders. Please send an email to info@leathershoppes.com with your preferred payment method. A LeatherShoppes.com agent will provide further instructions.
Warranties:
LeatherShoppes.com/Leather Shoppes Inc is an authorized dealer for all the manufacturers we carry, unless otherwise noted. All of the products offered through Leather Shoppes come with a full manufacturer's warranty. These vary in length from one year to limited "lifetime" by the manufacturer. LeatherShoppes warrants any new furniture we sell for 1 year after delivery, "clearance" or items sold "as is" do not qualify. Our obligation to service your furniture is for one year after delivery or purchase. We will continue to help you after the first year if you experience any warranty problems as long as we are an authorized dealer for that particular brand or product. This does not mean parts or labor is free of charge. Parts may be provided by the manufacturer if covered under their warranty but that decision is solely decided with said manufacturer. Specifics on getting warranty service will depend on the item, nature of problem, the manufacturer and your location. Details of the warranties will generally be attached to the furniture when it arrives. Keep in mind manufacturer warranties do not cover labor and transportation beyond one year, even in a lifetime warranty, it covers replacement parts only. These warranties also do not cover inspection charges or deliveries between customer and manufacturer. Please keep in mind upholstered furniture can vary in size up to 2-3 inches due to the nature of hand-made merchandise. Although we cannot guarantee the customers pleasure in their selection we warrant the furniture will be shipped in a manner meeting standards set by the manufacturer. The manufacturer warranty starts when the merchandise is delivered. Except for this, no other warranties are express or implied, including but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, product availability, manufacturer order approval, order fulfillment time, etc., and such warranties are specifically disclaimed. LeatherShoppes.com/Leather Shoppes Inc shall not be responsible for any indirect, special, or consequential damages related to warranty or product, delivery or delivery timing other than as specifically set forth herein. Email us at service@leathershoppes.com, were here to help. Should you have a problem related to a manufacturer defect or damage, we will contact the manufacturer to arrange for local repair as allowed under the respective manufacturer warranty and at their discretion. We will act as your liaison and will help implement the warranty service to insure it is done in a timely and professional manner.
Extended Warranties:
Extended warranties for leather against burns, cuts, ink, etc. are handled by Guardian direct. They have an 800 # on the warranty card for this procedure. Please read over your requirements for upkeep if you purchased this coverage. Guardian is the only company authorized for use on leather care by most all manufacturers worldwide.
Sales Tax and Governing Law:
LeatherShoppes.com/LeatherShoppes Inc, is not responsible for collecting or submitting sales or use taxes for any state, other than the state of Texas. Each state manages and dictates its own policies and requirements. All terms and conditions contained in the order contract ( the "Contract") constitutes our Contract and binding commitment with you , governed by and construed with the laws in the State of Texas and further subject to the rules of binding arbitration as set forth herein. Leather Shoppes Inc.("LeatherShoppes.com®") maintains this Web site www.LeatherShoppes.com (the "Site") as a service to our customers (collectively "User" or "you"). By using this Site, the User agrees to accept and abide by the Terms and Conditions of Use set forth in this Agreement and to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. If User does not agree to accept and abide by these Terms and Conditions of Use, do not use the Site. LeatherShoppes.com® may revise or modify these Terms and Conditions of Use from time to time and post such revisions or modifications on this page. Continued use of the Site after any such revision or modification constitutes User( s) acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of Use as so revised or modified. 1. LAWS AND REGULATIONS. User access to the Site is subject to any and all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. 2. COPYRIGHT All content included on the Site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of LeatherShoppes.com® or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of LeatherShoppes.com® and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of LeatherShoppes.com® or its software suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. 3. OWNERSHIP/LIMITED LICENSE. LeatherShoppes.com® owns all information, content, materials, and other items on the Site (collectively the "LeatherShoppes.com® Materials"). Subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use, LeatherShoppes.com® grants User a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable right to view, print and use this Site and the LeatherShoppes.com® Materials provided herein. LeatherShoppes.com® authorizes User to view and use this Site solely for User's own internal business purposes. This limited authorization is not a transfer of title in or to the LeatherShoppes.com® Materials and User further agrees to the following restrictions: (i) User must retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices contained in the LeatherShoppes.com® Materials; (ii) User may not modify the LeatherShoppes.com® Materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display them; and (iii) User must not transfer the LeatherShoppes.com® Materials to any other person or third party unless such person or third party agrees to accept and abide by these Terms and Conditions of Use. User agrees to comply with all applicable copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws in using this Site. Except for the limited license provided herein, User does not acquire any ownership interest, express or implied, under any patents, trademarks, copyrights or trade secret information viewed through the Site. Users of this Site are prohibited from modifying, copying, distributing, displaying, creating derivative works or using any of the LeatherShoppes.com® Materials on this Site for commercial or public purposes. 4. NO WARRANTIES/DISCLAIMER. THIS SITE AND THE LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS AND AS SUCH THIS SITE AND THE LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® MATERIALS MAY CONTAIN INACCURACIES AND TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® DOES NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® MATERIALS OR ANY OPINION, ADVICE OR STATEMENT DISPLAYED ON THIS SITE. ALL DIMENSIONS ARE PROVIDED BY THE MANUFACTURER MAKING THE PRODUCT AND ARE APPROXIMATE AND MAY CHANGE WITHOUT WRITTEN NOTICE.YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THIS SITE, ITS SERVICES OR E-MAIL SENT FROM LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. CERTAIN STATE LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OF LIMITATIONS OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS. 5. REGISTRATION/PERSONAL INFORMATION. User may have the opportunity to provide certain personal information to access certain portions of this Site. The collection or use of such personal information shall be governed in accordance with Privacy Policy. 6. LINKS. LeatherShoppes.com® may provide hyperlinks on this Site links to other Web sites. If User links to these sites, User will leave this Site and User does so at User( s) own risk. LeatherShoppes.com® makes no warranty or representation regarding any linked Web sites or the information appearing on such linked sites. The links do not imply that LeatherShoppes.com® sponsors, endorses, is affiliated or associated with, or is legally authorized to use any trademark, trade name, logo or copyright symbol displayed in the linked sites. LeatherShoppes.com® prohibits caching, unauthorized hypertext links to this Site, or the framing of any Materials available on this Site. As such, LeatherShoppes.com® reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames and specifically disclaims any responsibility for the Materials available on any other Web site linked to this Site. Users should be aware that linked sites may contain rules and regulations, privacy policies, confidentiality policies, and other provisions that differ from the provisions of this Site. LeatherShoppes.com® is not responsible for such policies and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such policies. 7. LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES. NO EVENT SHALL LEATHERSHOPPES.COM®, ITS PARENT, SUBSIDIARIES,AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS EMPLOYEES, AND/OR SHAREHOLDERS HAVE ANY LIABILITY HEREUNDER TO ANY USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR OTHER DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMIATION, ANY DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF INFORMATION, LITIGATION, OR THE LIKE) THAT ARE RELATED TO THE USE OF THE LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® MATERIALS AND THIS SITE AND THAT ARE BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LIMITATION ON DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® AND USER REGARDING USE OF THIS SITE. THIS SITE AND THE LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® MATERIALS WOULD NOT BE PROVIDED TO USER WITHOUT SUCH LIMITATION ON DAMAGES. 8. ACCESS TO PROTECTED/SECURE AREAS. Access to and use of password-protected and/or secure areas of this Site is restricted to authorized Users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Site may be subject to prosecution. 9. VIOLATIONS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS. LeatherShoppes.com® reserves the right to seek all remedies available at law and in equity for violations of these Terms and Conditions of Use. 10. DISPUTES. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site or to the products you purchase through the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in HOUSTON, TEXAS, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate LEATHERSHOPPES.COM® s intellectual property rights, LeatherShoppes.com® may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of TEXAS, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this Agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise. Reasonable attorney fees and/or collection costs will be assessed to and paid by the customer to LeatherShoppes.com® where (i) there is any past due unpaid balance under this Agreement, or (ii) where a claim or action is brought in any other jurisdiction. LeatherShoppes.com® reserves it's right to modify this Agreement at any time at its sole discretion.11. GENERAL. User agrees to review these Terms and Conditions of Use prior to reviewing any information from the Site. Any cause of action User may have with regard to the use of this Site must be instituted within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises or be deemed forever waived and barred. If any court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement to be unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the remainder of this Agreement shall be separately enforced.
×
×
OK
Categories
Leather Sofas and Sets
All Leather Sofas and Sets
Sofas by Brand
All Sofas by Brand
American Heritage
Bradington-Young
Palliser Integrity
Barcalounger
All Barcalounger
Modern Expression
Palliser Leather
Hooker Upholstery
LeatherShoppes Collection
All LeatherShoppes Collection
Heirloom
Palladium
Quick Ship Sofas
Type
All Type
Sofas By Size
All Sofas By Size
Back Height
All Back Height
under 30"
30"-33"
34"-35"
35"-37"
37"-39"
39"-41"
41"-above
Length
All Length
under 80"
80"-85"
85"-90"
90"-95"
95"-above
Seat Depth
All Seat Depth
19"-21"
22"-24"
24"-26"
26"-30"
Seat Height
All Seat Height
18"
19"
20"
21"
22"
8-Way Hand Tied Seating
Reclining Leather Sofas
All Reclining Leather Sofas
American Heritage Power Recliner Sofas
Palliser Reclining Leather Sofas
All Palliser Reclining Leather Sofas
Power Head Rest/Seat
Palladium
Hooker Upholstery Recliner Sofas
Bradington-Young Power Recliner Sofas
Heirloom Power Recliner Sofas
Barcalounger Reclining Leather Sofas
All Barcalounger Reclining Leather Sofas
Power Head Rest/Seat
Modern Designs
Casual Leather Sofas
Contemporary Leather Sofas
Traditional Leather Sofas
Transitional Leather Sofas
Shop Lifestyle Sofas
Western/Ranch Leather Sofas
By Color
All By Color
Black leather sofas and sectionals
Blue Leather Sofas and Sectionals
Brown Leather Sofas and Sectionals
Grey Leather Sofas and Sectional sets
Red Leather Sofas and Sectional Sets
White Leather sofas and sectional sets
Sleepers
Loveseats
All Loveseats
Quick Ship Loveseats
Recliners/Chairs/HomeTheater
All Recliners/Chairs/HomeTheater
All Leather Recliners
All All Leather Recliners
Recliners ready to ship
Quick Ship Chairs and Recliners
Recliners by Brand
All Recliners by Brand
American Heritage
Bradington-Young
All Bradington-Young
Power head
Sensible Seating
Swivel Glider Option
Palliser Recliners
All Palliser Recliners
Integrity
Hooker Upholstery
LeatherShoppes Collection
All LeatherShoppes Collection
Heirloom
Red Top Studio
Palladium
Barcalounger
All Barcalounger
Lift Chairs
Modern Expressions
Pedestal Recliners
Big/Tall
Vintage
Casual Comfort
Recliner by Size
All Recliner by Size
Outside Width
All Outside Width
27"-30"
31"-33"
34"-36"
37"-40"
40"-up
Back Height
All Back Height
33"-35"
36"-38"
39"-41"
42"-44"
45"-up
Seat Depth
All Seat Depth
17"-19"
20"-22"
23"-25"
Seat Width
All Seat Width
16"-18"
19"-21"
22"-24"
25"-up
Distance to recline(wall)
All Distance to recline(wall)
0"-1"
2"-4"
5"-8"
9"-14"
15"-20"
Recliner by Type
All Recliner by Type
Big and Tall
Euro-Scandinavian
Layflat
Lift
Power head rest
Rocker/Swivel/Glider
Zero Gravity
Power Recline
Pushback
Wall-Hugger
Luxury Tilts
Home Office Chairs
All Home Office Chairs
Office Chairs ready to ship
Theater Seats
All Theater Seats
Theater Seats by Brand
All Theater Seats by Brand
Hooker
LeatherShoppes Collection
Palliser Home Theater
Bradington-Young
Features
All Features
Power Lumbar
Shiatsu Massage
Power Head Rest
Led cups
Led Cups and
Base
Power Recline
Storage
Tray Tables
Sliding Arm/Hidden Cup
Made in North America
Size
All Size
Space Saver
Standard
Oversized
High Back
Low Back
Style
All Style
Casual/Transistional
Traditional/Classic
Contemporary/Modern
Leather Chairs
All Leather Chairs
Bar Stools/Counter Stools
Luxury Accents
Ottomans
Swivel
Chairs
Specials and More
All Specials and More
On Sale
All On Sale
Closeout-Limited Inventory
Clearance
Decor
In Stock
Leather Cleaners & Protectors
Other
Shop by Brand
All Shop by Brand
American Heritage
All American Heritage
Sofas/Loveseats
Reclining Sofas
Sectionals
Reclining Sectionals
Lassiter and Giselle Series
Chairs/Recliners/BarStools
Wrangler Series
Ottomans
Made In USA
All Made In USA
Made In North America
Barcalounger
All Barcalounger
Lift Chairs
Motion Sofas
Pedestal Chairs
Recliners
Bradington-Young
All Bradington-Young
Sofas/Loveseats
Lux Motion
Custom Arm Series
Recliners/Chairs
Ottomans
Hooker
All Hooker
Sofas and Loveseat
Sectionals
Chairs and Ottomans
Recliners
Office
Decor
LeatherShoppes Collections
All LeatherShoppes Collections
Heirloom
Palladium
RED TOP
Palliser
All Palliser
Palliser Accent Chair
Palliser Motion Double Power
Palliser Motion Single Power
Palliser Motion Triple Power
Palliser Stationary
Palliser Home Theater HTS-Single Power
Palliser Home Theater HTS Double Power
Palliser Home Theater HTS Triple Power
Palliser Integrity
Palliser My Comfort-Single Power
Palliser My Comfort Double Power
Palliser Quantum Chairs
Palliser Recliners
Palliser Z Sofa Beds
Palliser Zero Gravity
Leather Sectionals
All Leather Sectionals
Quick Ship Sectionals
Sectionals by Brand
All Sectionals by Brand
American Heritage
Bradington-Young
Palliser Leather
All Palliser Leather
Integrity
LeatherShoppes Collection
All LeatherShoppes Collection
Heirloom
Palladium
Hooker Upholstery
Barcalounger
Type
All Type
Traditional Leather Sectionals
Reclining Leather Sectionals
All Reclining Leather Sectionals
Power Head Rest/Seat
Casual Leather Sectionals
Contemporary Leather Sectionals
Transitional Leather Sectionals
Shop by Brands
Bradington-Young
American Heritage
Hooker Leather Upholstery
Palliser
BarcaLounger
LeatherShoppes Collection
Hooker Furniture
Theater Seating
Uniters/LeatherMaster
Leather Solutions
View all brands
Home
Categories
Account
Contact
info@leathershoppes.com
Call us : 800.388.8127
Contact Us
More
Account
Sign In
Email Address:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Create Account
Island, mountainous, or remote zip codes may have extra fees or be unavailable.
This includes, but not limited to HI, AK, MT, WY, ID, ND, OR, SD, WA, NE, MN, IA, WI (north/west/central), MI (north of Flint),or ME also some parts of CA. We will contact you before we accept an online order if this applies.