http://www.scottsofstow.co.uk/returns-refunds-policy/
Skip to main content
CONGRATULATIONS! Offer Code
gives you .
0
New Season
Christmas
All Christmas
Christmas Decorations
Christmas Entertaining
Christmas Food and Drink
Christmas Gifts
Extra Guests
Kitchen and Dining
All Kitchen and Dining
Cooking and Preparation
Containers and Storage
Cookware
Cutlery and Utensils
Food Preparation
Kitchen Gadgets
Microwave Cooking
Textiles
Curtains
Dining Textiles
Kitchen Textiles
Other Textiles
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Crockery and Glassware
Drinkware
Tableware
Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Kitchen Electricals
Kitchen Floor Mats
Practical Kitchen
Portmeirion
Home
All Home
Home Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Garden Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Living Room Furniture
Storage Furniture
Soft Furnishings
Curtains
Cushions and Throws
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Home Accessories
Artificial Plants and Flowers
Bedroom Accessories
Clocks
Cushions and Throws
Home Decor
Phones
Electricals
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Cleaning and Maintenance
Garden Electricals
Heaters and Fans
Home Audio
Kitchen Electricals
Lighting
Office Electricals
Phone and Tablet Accessories
Phones
Small Electricals
Rugs Runners and Mats
Practical Mats
Rugs
Runners
Bathroom
Bathroom Accessories
Towels and Bathmats
Gift Ideas
Boredom Busters
Puzzlers Paradise
Home Audio
Home Office
Lighting
William Morris
Sale
Bedding
All Bedding
Bedlinen
100 Percent Cotton Bedding
Bedding Collections
Bedsheets Pillowcases and Valances
Blankets Bedspreads and Throws
Duvet Covers and Sets
Hotel Bedding
Duvets and Pillows
Duvets
Pillows
Mattress Toppers Protectors and Electric Blankets
Electric Blankets
Mattress and Pillow Protectors
Mattress Toppers
Bedroom Accessories
Extra Guests
Garden
All Garden
Garden Decor
Garden Furniture
Garden Lighting
Garden Storage
Garden Textiles
Grow Your Own
Outdoor Dining
Pots and Planters
Tools and Maintenance
Health and Wellbeing
All Health and Wellbeing
Health and Fitness
Helping Hand
Personal Care and Grooming
Personal Protective Equipment
Clothing and Accessories
All Clothing and Accessories
Ladies
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Mens
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Travel
All Travel
Luggage and Bags
Travel Accessories
Travel Security
Motoring
Practical and DIY
All Practical and DIY
Cleaning
Eco Friendly
Laundry
DIY
Helping Hand
Motoring
Pest Control
Pet Care
Security
Storage
Travel Security
Weather Beaters
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Shop our Catalogue
All Shop our Catalogue
Christmas Dining
Christmas at Home
Home Living
Kitchen
Practical
Outdoor and Garden
Health and Beauty
Bedroom
Bathroom
Seasonal Bestsellers
Half Price Offers
Exclusive
Sign in
Register
0
Track your order
You'll need your order number and postcode
FREE DELIVERY
We pay for delivery on all orders over £75
Track your orderYou'll need your order number and postcode
Home
Returns & Refunds Policy
What is your returns policy for Scotts of Stow
If an items arrives faulty, broken or damaged then please contact our customer service team. Our Enquiry Line 0344 482 9700 is currently open 9.00am - 5.30pm Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays, or you can email your query to our Customer Service team at customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk.
You may return an item within 30 days or receipt unused and in its original packaging for an exchange or refund.
We will credit the full amount to the original payment method excluding any shipping costs.
We do not accept returns on certain items such as: Software; Personalised items which are made for you; Perishable items; Hygiene-sensitive items (including pierced earrings, pillows, mattress-toppers and duvets), unless faulty. This does not affect your statutory rights. Please see full list below.
Returned parcels remain the customer’s responsibility until safely received by us. We recommend you obtain proof a certificate of posting. Parcel insurance is recommended when returning goods valued over £30
Card refunds can take up to 10 working days to be processed by your Bank. This varies between card issuers and unfortunately, we are unable to influence this.
Replacements or refunds for exchange of damaged or wrongly selected goods will not be processed until the original items has been received back in our warehouse.
If goods which form part of a ‘bundle offer’ are returned for a refund, then the remaining items will revert to their normal price. You will be refunded accordingly.
The company reserves the right to refuse a refund if the condition of the goods reflects normal wear and tear. All refunds and replacements will be processed on receipt of the returned items.
Are there any items where you will not accept returns?
There are certain items where unless faulty or damaged we are unable to accept returns. This includes:
- Self-assembly furniture if partly or completely assembled.- Bespoke Furniture which has been made to your specifications- Personalised items unless incorrectly personalised- Perishable items – such as food- Software i.e. USB drive and SD cards.- Products which have been opened or their protective packaging/seals removed      and cannot therefore be returned for hygiene reasons (unless faulty):
Pierced earrings
Underwear
Bedding, mattress protectors, mattress toppers, bed pads, pillows, duvets, electric blankets
Mattresses
Beauty/grooming products (pills/potions/creams/ointments/supplements/make-up)
Toilet seats and brushes
Any personal care products (such as electric razors)
All items complete with all accessories must be returned in ALL of the original packing, or equivalent protection used.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
Colour Options on Bespoke Furniture: Due to the limitations and inconsistencies of various display monitors, the colours you see on your screen may not be a totally accurate reproduction of the actual product. We strive to make our colours as accurate as possible, but online and printed images are intended as a guide only and should not be regarded as absolutely correct. If you would like to see a fabric swatch prior to ordering our bespoke furniture or headboards, please email customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk.
How do I return an item?
Making a return is easy. All we ask is that you follow the procedure below so that we can process your return as quickly as possible. If you have any queries, please email customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk, or call us.
NB, if any items are received broken, damaged or faulty, please contact us within 5 days of receipt and we will be happy to assist you.
You may return any item within 30 days of receipt for a full refund, replacement or exchange.
Please complete the form enclosed with your product stating the reason for your return.
Enclose the form in the parcel.
Goods should be returned unused and in their original packaging.
Peel off the returns label and stick it to your parcel (make sure no other labels are visible).
Take to the post office (unless it’s a heavy item – see below), affix stamp and retain proof of postage.
ReturnsUnit 3Crompton RoadGroundwellWiltshireSN25 5AW
Please allow up to two weeks for the refund to be processed.
If you wish to return an item which was shown as a ‘heavy item’ on the original order, then we can arrange a collection and deduct the cost from the final refund. Please email customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk, or call us.
Where do I return my items?
Please complete the form enclosed with your product stating the reason for your return. We will need your order number and your name and address. Please then send the parcel to:
ReturnsUnit 1,Crompton Road,Groundwell,Wiltshire,SN25 5AW
When do I get a refund once I have returned an item?
Once we have received the items back into our warehouse, refunds will be credited back to you in using the same method with which you originally paid. We will credit the full amount to the original purchaser’s payment card excluding any shipping costs. Card refunds can take up to 10 working days to be processed by your Bank. This varies between card issuers and unfortunately, we are unable to influence this.
If goods which form part of a ‘bundle offer’ are returned for a refund, then the remaining items will revert to their normal price. You will be refunded accordingly.
The company reserves the right to refuse a refund if the condition of the goods reflects normal wear and tear. All refunds and replacements will be processed on receipt of the returned items.
How do I return wine and alcohol items?
Please note, we cannot accept returns on alcohol without prior notification. Please either email: customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk, or call us.
Is there an age restriction on certain products?
UK law does not permit us to supply restricted products to persons under a specified age. Any person under the specific age must not attempt to purchase any of the following products. The age restriction applies to the recipient of the product.
Minimum age of 18– Products containing alcohol (visit www.drinkaware.co.uk for further information)– Bladed items
Minimum age of 16– Liquor chocolates– Party poppers
Minimum age 12– Christmas crackers
Variable age (as specified on the packaging of the product) I.e. DVDs/Blu-RaysPlease note items marked 3+ have small parts and are a choking hazard.
*Charges to 03 numbers are the same as standard UK landline numbers starting in 01 or 02. Calls to 03 numbers are often included in bundled minutes and unlimited call packages. Please contact your provider for more information. Other networks and mobile providers may vary. Charges to 0844 numbers cost 7p per minute plus your telephone company’s access charge. All calls may be monitored and recorded for training purposes.
Close
×
OK
Order Enquiry
×
Track my order
Please enter your customer number or order number* plus surname and postcode to track the status of your order.
*Please ensure you include the order prefix (not just the order number), these include: S, W, RSO, RSG, DEPA, BCS, BCG, BCE, BCB, BCGD, BCSOS, BCEV and BCBL followed by the order number itself.
Customer Number
-- OR --
Order Number
Surname
Postcode
Please Note:- Items being delivered by our specialist white glove service:
This premium service also includes delivery to your room of choice, unpacking and removal of
all packaging.
If you want to try an alternative search please click HERE to return to the form.
×
Hello! We’ve noticed your internet browser hasn’t been updated for a while. You won’t be able to checkout on our website without upgrading. You will increasingly find that you are struggling with other websites too. Please click here to discover how to upgrade – it’s very simple.
Trustpilot
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
Visit our other brands
×
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
No thanks
Catalogue Request
×
Browse through our catalogues in comfort at home. You'll find lots of extra information about our great range of products. Once you've decided what to buy, come back online to order from us.
1. Select a Catalogue
Scotts of Stow
From the heart of the Cotswolds to the heart of your home… everything for the kitchen, home and garden.
Select Catalogue
Gift Discoveries
We’ve taken the hard work out of buying gifts.
The Gift Discoveries Collection we believe is fresh, exciting and offers inspired gift ideas.
Select Catalogue
Expert Verdict
At Expert Verdict we do the research so that you don’t have to. Every product is thoroughly tested to ensure it’s a ‘Best Buy’
Select Catalogue
Bloom
Discover the beauty of truly realistic silk flowers.
Every petal, bud and leaf are designed and made by hand to uncompromising standards.
Select Catalogue
2. Your Details
Title
Please select your title
Ms
Ms
Miss
Mr
Dr
Baron
Baroness
Brigadier
Canon
Colonel
Count
Countess
Dame
Dowager
Duchess
Duke
Lady
Lord
Major
Professor
Rev
Sir
The Hon
Viscount
Viscountess
Your First Name
Required
Your Last Name
Required
Email Address
Required
Phone Number
3. Address Details
Address Line 1
Required
Address Line 2
Town/City
Required
County
Country
Required
Postcode
Required
You must select at least one catalogue before continuing.
By signing up you consent to receive the catalogues you have indicated our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.