http://www.jessops.com/c/help/tnc
Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions
set out key issues such as acceptable use, privacy, cookies, registration and passwords.
Home
Help
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Customer info regarding covid-19/Coronavirus >
1. Application
1.1 Welcome to Jessops Europe Limited trading as 'Jessops' and Jessops.com terms and conditions (Terms). This document tells you information about Us and the legal terms and conditions on which We sell the products (Products) or services (Services) listed on Our website (Website).
You must read these Terms carefully. By accessing Our Website and/or placing an Order with Us, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms and the details set out in your Order.
If you do not agree to these Terms you should not use Our Website and you will not be able to order any Products or Services from it.
If you think there is a mistake in these Terms or your Order, please contact us to discuss it.
These terms and conditions apply to the following:
(a) your purchase of Products or Services through Jessops.com , including:
(i) Consumer Finance;
(ii) Photo Products;
(iii) Training Academy Services;
(b) your use of Our Website, Jessops.com; and
(c) your privacy.
To help you find the information you are looking for, please use the above links.
1.2 You should print a copy of these Terms or save them to your computer for future reference.
1.3 We amend these Terms from time to time as set out in clause 3.12. Every time you wish to order Products and/or Services or use Our Website, please check these Terms to ensure you understand the terms which will apply at that time.
1.4 If you have any questions relating to these Terms please contact Us or refer to Our help pages on Jessops.com. Information about Us is set out in clause 3.15.
2. Definitions
Where the following words with capital letters are used in these Terms, this is what they mean:
Contract: any contract between you and Us, created in line with clauses 3.1 and 3.2 of these Terms;
Event Outside Our Control: any act or event beyond Our reasonable control, including without limitation strikes, lock-outs or other industrial action by third parties, civil commotion, riot, invasion, terrorist attack or threat of terrorist attack, war (whether declared or not) or threat or preparation for war, fire, explosion, storm, flood, earthquake, subsidence, epidemic or other natural disaster, failure of public or private telecommunications networks, or, for Training Academy Courses, any illness or accident effecting any of Our personnel delivering Services;
Order: your order for the Products and/or a booking for the Services, in each case, made via the Website;
Product: a product displayed for sale on the Website;
Product Description: that part of the Website where certain details, description and specification in respect of the relevant individual Product are provided;
Personal Information: the details provided by you when registering your details on the Website;
Services: the services that we are providing to you as set out in the Order, for example, Training Academy services;
Terms: the terms and conditions set out in this document;
UK: England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland;
Users: the users of the Website collectively;
Website: Our website located at www.jessops.com or any subsequent URL which may replace it.
When We use the words "writing" or "written" in these Terms, this will include e-mail except where We expressly say otherwise in these Terms.
3. General Terms and Conditions of Purchase
3.1 OUR CONTRACT WITH YOU
(a) Application: This clause 3 applies to any Order you place with Us through the Website. If any of these Terms conflict with any term of the Order, the Order will take priority. Additional terms and conditions which apply to Consumer Finance, Jessops Photo Products and Jessops Training Academy Services are set out at clauses 4, 5 and 6 respectively. We will give each Order an Order number and will inform you of it when We confirm the Order. Please quote the Order number in all subsequent correspondence with Us relating to the Order.
(b) Consumers: If you are a consumer, you may only purchase Products and/or Services from Our Website if you are at least 18 years old.
(c) Business Customers: If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use Our Website to purchase Products and/or Services.
Notice relating to Jessops own-branded Products:
All Jessops own-branded Products purchased after 28 March 2013 are being sold by Jessops Europe Limited, (registered in England and Wales with company number 08384909) whose registered office is at Network House, Third Avenue, Globe Park, Marlow, Buckinghamshire, SL7 1EY. Some of the Jessops own-branded Products incorrectly refer to Jessops Group Limited and that company's address details on its packaging, instructions and the Product itself and should be ignored.
3.2 HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND US
The following conditions need to be met in full before a binding contract is created between you and Us:
(a) Order process: You place an Order for one or more Product(s) and/or Services on the Website by completing the check-out process and following the online instructions via clicking on the "Basket" link on the Website; you will be guided through the order process by following a series of simple online instructions.
(b) Pricing and Order errors: Save in manifest error on Our part, the price for the Products shall be the price stated in the relevant Order confirmation. We reserve the right to refuse any Order where the price is incorrectly stated on the Website or Order and may require you to make any such correction and take all such actions as we require before an Order is in a form acceptable to Us.
(c) Amendment of errors: Our Order process allows you to check and amend errors before submitting your Order to Us. Please take the time to read and check your Order at each page of the Order process. If you need to amend your Order after it has been submitted, it will be necessary to cancel your Order by contacting Our Customer Services Team by phone on 0203 322 3387or email customerservice@jessops.com. If you've received confirmation of approval for Consumer Finance from Us, when you decide to change your Order, then the decision will stand from your original application so long as the Order value has not increased. If however, you make subsequent Orders funded via Consumer Finance, then each will be treated as a new application and will be processed in the normal way.
(d) Payment: During the checkout process you will be asked to complete your payment details. You must complete all fields that are marked as compulsory. Please note that We will collect and store your Personal Information, using an encrypted secure payment mechanism. We will only use your Personal Information in accordance with Our Privacy Policy which is at clause 8 of these Terms.
(e) Acknowledgement of your Order: After submitting an Order via Our website We will send you an Order acknowledgement by email confirming receipt of your Order and details of the Products and/or Services that you have ordered. It is your responsibility to check the Order acknowledgement details and advise Us of any errors or omissions as soon as possible and in any event within 2 (two) days of receipt of the Order acknowledgement. Completion of the online check-out process and Our email acknowledging receipt are not an acceptance of your Order.
(f) Acceptance of your Order:
(g) Acceptance of your Order for Products and the formation of a contract between Us will take place when the Products you have ordered have been despatched to you and you have received a despatch confirmation email from Us.  A contract will not be formed between Us if We have notified you that We do not accept your Order or if you have cancelled your Order in accordance with Our cancellation and returns policy.
(h) Ownership of Products: All Product(s) that you order through the Website will remain Our property until We have received payment in full from you for those Product(s).
(i) Non-acceptance of your Order: We may decline your Order (or part of it) for any reason. Other than set out in these Terms, We will not be responsible for any loss or damage you might suffer due to Us not accepting or otherwise declining your Order. If We cannot supply you with the Product(s) and/or Service(s) you ordered, We will:
(i) inform you of this in writing by phone or email; and
(ii) if you have already paid for the Product(s) and/or Service(s) refund you in full as soon as possible.
Non-acceptance of your Order may be for any one or more of the following reasons:
(i) the Product(s) no longer being in stock or the Product(s) and/or Service(s) are no longer available; or
(ii) the identification of a pricing or other error in the Order; or
(iii) your payment in respect of the Order is not authorised by your card issuer or is otherwise rejected/not accepted; or
(iv) the delivery address specified is not in the UK (this does not apply to Our Photo Products – see clause 5); or
(v) you fail Our fraud or credit checks.
(j) Security of your Order: We will take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in Our power to do so, to keep the details of your Order and payment secure. However, unless we are negligent, We cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a person who is not authorised by you or Us accesses the data you provide when accessing or ordering from the Website.
(k) Special Order Items: these are Products that We would not ordinarily stock and which we order in especially to fulfil your Order request for such Products. When you place an Order with Us which contains a Special Order Item, we reserve the right in our absolute discretion, to charge you the full price for that Order (including delivery charges) at the time of our acceptance of your Order; such acceptance being the time that we place Our order for the relevant Special Order Item(s) with the relevant supplier. Once your Special Order Item order has been accepted by Us you may not cancel it and clause 3.3 shall be deemed to have been amended accordingly.
3.3 CANCELLATION OF YOUR ORDER
(a) Our right to cancel an Order: If your payment is not received We will cancel your Order. If you have already received the Product(s) you ordered from Us, you must pay for the Product(s) or return those Product(s) to Us in accordance with clause 3.4 (Refunds and Returns) of these Terms and any other instructions that We provide to you. If you do not return Product(s) to Us or pay for them within 5 (five) days of the date on which We cancel your Order, We may collect or arrange for collection of the Product(s) at your expense. We reserve the right to charge you for damage to or adverse interference with any Product(s) that are the subject of an unpaid Order.
(b) Your right to cancel your Order before dispatch of the Products or provision of the Services: You have the right to cancel your Order at any time prior to dispatch of the Products by Us conditional upon:
(i) the Product(s) ordered being normally stocked by Us and the Product(s) not being special order items; and
(ii) the Products not having been specially and/or specifically made/produced/finished to your individual specification or personalised; and
(iii) the Products not having been being picked and packed ready for despatch/delivery; or
(iv) a period of 7 days not having elapsed since you receive our written acceptance of your Order for Services,
The process you must follow to cancel your Order is in clause 3.3(d) and 3.3(e). If you do not follow this process your refund or product exchange may be delayed.
If:
(i) the Product(s) ordered are not normally stocked by Us and the Product(s) are special order items; or
(ii) the Products have been specially and/or specifically made/produced/finished to your individual specification or personalised,
You have no right to cancel your Order and clauses 3.3(d) and 3.3(e) shall not apply. If you have any questions in relation to your rights to cancel your Order please contact Our Customer Service Team by phone on 0203 322 3387 or email customerservice@jessops.com.
(c) Your right to cancel an Order after dispatch of the Products: If you are a consumer, then subject to the exclusions set out below, you have a legal right to cancel a Contract within 14 days of receiving your Order from Us (under the Consumer Protection (Distance Selling) Regulations 2000). This means that during the 14 day period, if you change your mind or for any other reason you decide that you do not want to keep a Product or to have the Services, you can notify us of your decision to cancel the Contract and receive a refund. Advice about your legal right to cancel the Contract under these regulations is available from your local Citizen's Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
You do not have the right to cancel your Order:
(i) if the Product(s) ordered are not normally stocked by Us and the Product(s) are special order items;
(ii) for a Product which contains computer software, or for DVDs or CDs which have been unsealed by you, or for consumable goods which, by their nature, cannot be returned, except where a fault is discovered which could not have been discovered unless you unsealed the Products; or
(iii) if the Products have been specially and/or specifically made/produced/finished to your specification or are clearly personalised such as film, developing or printing Services products.
In the unlikely event that you have to return your purchase to Us, it is important that you don't return anything that you may want to keep. For example, any memory cards, video tapes, DVD's or other items returned with your purchase cannot be located and returned to you. If you have any concerns, please contact a member of Our Customer Support team by phone on 0203 322 3387 or email customerservice@jessops.com prior to returning anything.
(d) Cancellation method for online Orders: You may cancel your Order by contacting Customer services by phone on 0203 322 3387 or by email customerservice@jessops.com.
(e) Cancellation method for Collect@Store reservations: You may cancel your Order by contacting Our customer services by phone on 0203 322 3387 or by email to customerservice@jessops.com.
(f) When the cancellation is effective: If you send us your cancellation notice by email or by post, then your cancellation is effective from the date you sent Us the email or posted the letter to Us. If you call Us to notify Us of your cancellation, then your cancellation is effective from the date you call Us.
(g) Jessops Legacy orders: Refunds will be made for the total order if confirmation is received via email as stated in clause 3.3(d) before 9am the following working day. Any cancellation received after that time will result in a refund of the service and not the Memory Box Pack.
(h) You do not have the right to cancel your Order: Once your Memory Box Pack has been dispatched.
3.4 RETURNS AND REFUNDS
Christmas Exchange and Refund Policy
Any gifts purchased between 1 December 2020 and 24 December 2020 qualify for an exchange or refund, if returned by 7 January 2021.Simply return the gift unopened, undamaged and in original packaging and we will be pleased to exchange for another item or refund the purchase onto the original payment method.  The goods must be returned with all accessories and any promotional items/vouchers.  Digital products can only be accepted if the software is still sealed.  This offer does not apply to film and other sensitive materials, single use cameras or developing and printing.  Proof of purchase required.  This does not affect your statutory rights.
(a) Change of mind returns: if for whatever reason you change your mind and would like to return all or any Products that are the subject of your Order after delivery to you, you have the right to return your Product(s) to Us within 14 days of delivery as per clause 3.3(c) above subject always to the provisions of clause 3.4(i) below and your compliance with clauses 3.4(d), 3.4(e), 3.4(f), 3.4(g), 3.4(h), 3.4(j), 3.4(k) and 3.4(l).
(b) Missing, Damaged or Incorrect Orders: We do everything We can to ensure your Order arrives at your delivery address in a complete and pristine condition. If you don't receive all of the Products pursuant to your order, please contact Customer services by phone on 0203 322 3387 or by email customerservice@jessops.com with the following information:
(i) original Order reference number;
(ii) your name;
(iii) your daytime contact number; and
(iv) details of the missing Product(s).
You must inspect your Products immediately upon your receipt of them and notify us within 3 days of delivery if they arrive damaged, incomplete or not otherwise in pristine condition. If the Product(s) arrive damaged, incomplete or not otherwise in pristine condition please follow the returns procedure set out in clauses 3.4(d) to 3.4(f) (inclusive).
(C) FAULTY PRODUCTS:
Faults caused by accident, neglect, misuse or normal wear and tear will not be: (i) capable of return by You to Us and We will have no liability to You in relation to the same or (ii) covered under the relevant manufacturer's warranty; In relation to such faults, We do provide a service whereby We will return the unit to the authorised repair agent to obtain an estimate to repair the unit. We reserve the right to charge You for any costs or other liabilities incurred by Us where a Product returned by You is returned by You to Us as faulty but subsequently confirmed as having no fault found.
Within 30 days of delivery of the Product: If a Product You have ordered from Us develops a fault or is incorrectly described, You may request a refund, repair or exchange from Us provided that You notify Us of the fault or problem within thirty (30) days from the day after the date of the delivery of that Product to You and You may return the Products following the process set out at Sections 3.4(d) to (f) inclusive below. A Product returned as faulty or incorrect within the 30-day time period specified above will be subject to Our inspection and testing to determine, at Our sole and absolute discretion (acting in good faith and reasonably), that the Product is in fact faulty or incorrect (as the case may be) and if it is We will exchange, or refund the price of the defective Product in full together with any applicable delivery charges and any reasonable costs You incur in returning that Product to Us.
After 30 days of delivery of the Product: If a Product You have ordered from Us develops a fault after 30 days of delivery of the Product then You should rely on the terms of any manufacturer guarantee that is supplied with the Product in respect of which We will offer You a repair service; such repairs will often be carried out by the manufacturer's own authorised repair/service teams with whom We have arrangements in place to ensure that Your Product is repaired by skilled and qualified persons.
All Products returned as faulty or incorrect will be checked and if found to have no fault will be returned to You.
No refund, repair or exchange will be processed until the returned Products have been received back into Our warehouse and have been confirmed to be faulty and/or incorrect by Us.
(d) How to tell Us that you want to return a Product: If you wish to return a Product to Us please send an email to contacting Customer services by phone on 0203 322 3387 or by email customerservice@jessops.com with the following information:
(i) original Order reference number;
(ii) your name;
(iii) your daytime contact number;
(iv) the Product(s) you are returning; and
(v) the reason you wish to return the Product(s).
If you do not comply with this clause it may result in a delay in processing your refund.
(e) Method of return:
You can return the item to Us in one of the following ways:
(i) take the Products and your proof of purchase to your nearest Jessops store. To find your closest store please see Our Store Finder. You do not need an RMA number do to this; or
(ii) return the Products to Us by post. To do this you will need an RMA number: please see "Getting an RMA number" below. When returning Products by post, please send them, along with your proof of purchase and your RMA number (please write this clearly on the outside of the packaging) to the address given to you at the time of receiving your RMA number. Please also include a copy of your invoice with your return and again, please write your RMA number on this copy invoice. If you are posting the Products, we strongly recommend you use secure packaging and an insured delivery method such as Royal Mail Special Delivery as the Products will be your responsibility until received by Our Distribution Centre. Once you have been issued with an RMA number you must return the Products to Us within 7 days.
(f) Getting an RMA number:
(i) Before you return any Products to Us by post you must obtain a Returns Authorisation number (RMA) by calling Customer services on 0203 322 3387 or by emailing Us at customerservice@jessops.com.
(ii) We will then raise a "Returns Authorisation" and email it to you. This email will clearly detail the address to return the items to. Please allow 2 (two) working days from Our receipt of your call or email to receiving a response.
(g) Costs of returning Products to Us: If you cancel your Order after the Products have been despatched, you will be responsible for returning the Products to Us at your expense in the condition described in clause 3.4(i).
(h) No refund of postage charges: If We charged you for postage on your original Order, this will be deducted from your refund if the Products have been despatched to you (except within the first 7 days of receiving the Order).
(i) Condition of Products returned to Us: If you return Products to Us, you must comply with the following conditions:
(i) the Products must be returned in its original sealed packaging together with all accessories, packaging, instructions and any other items included with it at time of sale (including free gifts). You must take reasonable care of the Products and return them in its original and undamaged condition.
(ii) unless faulty, digital products can only be accepted if the software is still sealed.
(iii) a proof of purchase must be supplied.
(iv) we will not refund any items that have been specially made to your individual specification or personalised such as film, developing or printing services Products.
If you do not comply with the above conditions, we cannot refund or cancel your Order.
(j) Damaged Products: If any Product returned by you to Us is not in fully resaleable condition or the packaging is damaged by you and you have not notified Us of such within the time period and as specified in clause 3.4(b) above, We may refuse a refund on the item, or deduct up to 20% of the original selling price from the refund amount. This does not affect your statutory rights.
(k) Refunds: You will be notified by e-mail of any refund (including as a result of a cancellation of your Order) within a reasonable period of time. Refunds can only be made to the original card of purchase. We will aim to process refunds for any sum that has been paid by you for Product(s) which have been returned to Us undamaged and/or Services cancelled in accordance with these Terms as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event within 30 (thirty) days of receipt of the returned Product(s) or the date We confirmed to you by e-mail that you were entitled to a refund.
(l) Legal rights: If you are a consumer, you will always have statutory rights in relation to Products and/or Services that are faulty, damaged or not as described. These statutory rights are not affected by the returns policy in this clause or these Terms. Advice about your statutory rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.
(m) Jessops Legacy Due to the nature of the service, refunds will only be issued if the digital media provided back is of an unacceptable quality due to processing. As analogue media degrades over time, Jessops can provide no guarantee to the quality of the digital output as this will be an exact digital replica of the analogue media source.
3.5 Late or incomplete orders
If your Order has not arrived within the expected time after dispatch or arrives incomplete, please email customerservice@jessops.com or telephone Our contact centre on 0203 322 3387.
3.6 Damaged Products
If your Order arrives and the Product(s) are damaged, please comply with Our returns policy as set out in clause 3.4 of these Terms, email customerservice@jessops.com or telephone Our contact centre on 0203 322 3387.
Jessops Legacy - Jessops takes no responsibility for the media in transit that is either sent in by you or returned to you.
3.7 Product Availability
(a) Online Product availability:  Product(s) featured on the Website are subject to availability. Each product page displays an indication as to current availability:
(i) "In Stock":  Item qualifies for 3-5 working day delivery (see delivery times and charges below).
(ii) "Awaiting stock - available to order": Item is out of stock but is expected soon. The product will be despatched to you when received at Our warehouse.
(iii) "Usually available within 28 days": Items is not a stocked line and We will try to order it in to fulfil any orders placed.
Subject always to clause 4.11 of these Terms, we will normally ship Products as soon as they are in stock and we reserve the right at Our discretion to deliver the Products that you have ordered in multiple deliveries where we don't have all of the Products that you have ordered in stock. You will not be charged extra for any split deliveries.
(b) Collect@Store Product availability: Collect@Store Product availability is identified once you have selected the store that you wish to collect from. Availability for Collect@Store is not shown prior to entering items into your shopping basket and selecting this service. You will need to enter your postcode for availability to be shown at your local stores. The Products subject to your Collect@Store reservation will be held at the relevant store for up to three days after which time you will be deemed to have cancelled such reservation.
Not all products listed on Jessops.com are available for Our Collect@Store service.
(c) If your Product is not available: We will inform you by email as soon as possible if the Product you have ordered is not available and We will not process your Order if made.
3.8 Product Description
(a) Each Product is sold subject to its Product Description as detailed on the Website.
(b) Accuracy of Product Description: We take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of Products and Services appearing on the Website are correct at the time when the relevant information was entered onto Our system. We aim to keep the Website as up to date as possible but the information at a particular time may not always reflect the position exactly at the moment you place an Order. We cannot confirm the price of a Product until your Order is accepted in accordance with Our Order acceptance policy set out in clause 3.2 of these Terms. You acknowledge that We cannot guarantee the accuracy of information of the Website and that such information will be error free and you acknowledge that information published on the Website may include inaccuracies and typographical errors.
(c) Images and measurements of Products and Services Our Website: The images of the Products and Services on Our Website are for illustrative purposes only. We have made every effort to portray Product(s) on the Website accurately, but slight variations may occur. All measurements are approximate and colour representation and reproduction are dependent upon publishing processes and the set-up of the device from which you are viewing the Website.
(d) Ex-Demonstration and Used Items: Ex-Demonstration and Used products are either ex-display, pre-owned or discontinued. Clearance products are identical to new stock however there may be defects such as missing accessories, blemishes, scratches etc. which will be detailed on the Website product page. Multiple orders for Ex-Demonstration and Used Items cannot be placed. Ex-Demonstration and Used products are not included in any cashback promotions. Consumer Finance is not available on Ex-Demonstration and Used Products. Ex-Demonstration and Used products are subject to Our returns policy in clause 3.4 save that you will not be entitled to request an exchange or replacement Product in relation to any Ex-Demonstration or Used Product returned to us pursuant to clause 3.4.
3.9 Delivery and delivery charges
(a) When delivery takes place: Delivery of Products will be completed when We deliver Products to the address you gave Us or when you collect the Products from Our store. Your Order will be fulfilled by the estimated delivery date set out in the Order confirmation or acceptance of your Order for Services unless there is an Event Outside Our Control – see clause 3.17(e).
(b) Collect@Store: Our Collect@Store service combines all the convenience and ease of shopping online with Our store network and expert staff.  There are no delivery costs or waiting for the courier, and Our expert staff are happy to offer additional help and advice when you collect your Order. We'll even email or text you when your Order is ready for collection at the selected Store. Benefits of Collect@Store are:
(i) You can choose from Our extended range of products online
(ii) You can pay and collect in as little as 30 minutes
(iii) We'll email or text you when your Order is ready for collection
(iv) You pay no delivery charges
How Collect @ Store works
(1.) Add available items to your shopping basket and when ready to checkout opt for 'Collect@ Store';
(2.) Enter a postcode to find stores in your area and We will let you know the collection times from each store; this can be in as little as 30 minutes;
(3.) Enter your payment and contact details;
(4.) You will receive an email acknowledging your Order which you need to print out and take with you to the store;
We will send you a text message when the status of your Collect@Store order changes.
Collect@Store Specific Terms
(A.) From time to time some stores may be excluded from Collect@Store
(B.) Not all products listed on Jessops.com are included in our Collect@Store offering.
(C.) Payment is taken when you place your Order on the Website.
(D.) The price of your Order will be the price shown on your basket total at the checkout of the Website.
(E.) We take all reasonable care to ensure that the correct stock in store is shown as available online for the Collect@Store service. We, however, cannot be held liable in the event that a stock discrepancy exists, and We will endeavour to contact you within a reasonable time to inform you of such a discrepancy.
(c) Orders which are in stock:
(i) If your Order is placed before 5pm on a working day (which is not a Bank or Public Holiday) We will usually despatch your Product to you within 3 to 5 working days (a "working day" being each of Monday to Friday (inclusive) (excluding Bank or Public Holidays)).
(ii) We are not able to guarantee next working day delivery.
(d) Orders which are in stock:
You will be charged for delivery of your Order depending on its value, size and the delivery option that you choose (for addresses in mainland UK). Estimated delivery times will be as selected by you based upon the delivery option you choose at Order basket checkout, if the items are in stock. Orders under £50 will be subject to a standard delivery charge of £1.99 or £3.99 depending on size (for addresses in mainland UK). Delivery time is up to 5 working days, if items in stock. Orders over £50 qualify for free standard delivery to addressed in mainland UK.
(e) Delivery method:
(i) Your order will usually be delivered by DHL.
DHL normally deliver Monday to Friday, 8am - 6pm.  No deliveries will be made on Bank or Public Holidays.
If you would like your Order to be delivered on a Saturday, there will be an additional charge.
If your Order is to be delivered by DHL, you can track your Order online to find a scheduled delivery date.
(f) Signature for your parcel: If your Order is sent via DHL, you must ensure someone is available to sign for your parcel as it will not be left without a signature. If you are not there to receive your delivery a note will be left to advise where your Order can be collected from.
(g) Alternative address for delivery: Delivery will be to the UK address specified in your Order in order to safeguard against fraudulent applications, we can only deliver Products ordered with Consumer Finance to the home address of the applicant.
(h) Additional instructions: Any additional instructions to the carrier must be agreed by Us.
(i) Delivery costs are per Order: Any costs quoted for delivery are per Order. The cost does not depend on the number of boxes which will be delivered to you.
(j) No overseas delivery: We will only deliver Product(s) to an address in the UK. We will not deliver Product(s) to British Forces Post Office Boxes.
(k) Responsibility for Products: The Products will be your responsibility from completion of delivery.
3.10 Price and how to pay
(a) Our advertised prices: Product prices are correct at the time of publishing and include VAT. If the rate of VAT changes between the date of your Order and the date of delivery, we will adjust the VAT you pay, unless you have already paid for your Order in full before the change in VAT takes effect. Any Product price changes will be confirmed to you in the relevant Order acknowledgement. Please note some used products do not include VAT.
(b) Payment method: All orders must be paid for using a UK registered credit / debit card. We offer various ways for you to pay online including Visa, MasterCard and Maestro payment cards and PayPal:
(i) Paypal is currently only available for home delivery orders, not Collect@Store and special order items (e.g. backorder Products, non-stock items and items sourced to your individual specification). Choose 'Home Delivery' and 'Checkout with Paypal' from the Shopping Basket' page.
(ii) We do not accept cheques, bank transfers or some other Internet payments.
(c) When your payment for Products or Services is taken: During the checkout process, all credit/debit card payments are subject to authorisation by your card issuer. We take payment when We accept your Order.  The Merchant ID/payment reference that will show up on your credit card/bank statement in respect of the transaction will be "Jessops Europe Limited".
(d) By accepting these Terms you are stating that the details you provide when placing your Order, including the details of your credit or debit card, will be correct, that the credit or debit card which you use is your own and that there are sufficient funds or credit facilities to cover the cost of your purchase. We may confirm the validity of your credit or debit card details from any relevant financial services provider or credit reference agency. All payments are handled by our third party payment services provider.
See clause 6.8 regarding payment for Training Academy Services.
3.10a Cashback Offers
(a) Please refer to the relevant manufacturer's/promoter's ("Promoter") Cashback terms and conditions, and any instructions from the Promoter of the relevant Cashback promotion. Such terms constitute the entire agreement between you and the Promoter in relation to the offer of Cashback and We will have no liability or other obligation to you in relation to the same.
(b) By entering/applying for a Cashback promotion you agree to the Promoter's Cashback terms and conditions that apply to such Cashback promotion which will at that time become binding between you and the Promoter.
(c) Promoters of Cashback promotion reserves the right to cancel or extend the promotion or amend the terms and conditions without notice.
3.11 Competitions
(a) Eligibility: Competitions that are run by Us are open to residents of the UK, Channel Islands, Isle of Man and Republic of Ireland aged 18 years or over and excludes Our employees or suppliers or any employees or suppliers of Our group or associated companies. The decision of the judges is final, and no correspondence will be entered into. Submission of an entry will be taken to mean acceptance of these Terms.
(b) Conditions: A maximum of 3 entries per person (unless stated otherwise) should be submitted via email to the address stated within the competition. Entries must be labelled with the entrant's name and image files must be 72 dpi and between 1MB and 3MB. Entrants should include their own name, address and telephone number on the email.
We regret that We are unable to accept postal entries. Closing date will also be stated within the competition material, entries received after this date may not be eligible for inclusion. Images must have been taken by the individual submitting each file and whilst copyright of that image will remain with the entrant, submitting an entry to this competition will be seen as permission for Us to use that image in forthcoming publications and promotions as We see fit. See also clause 7.3 (Copyright and Trademarks).
3.12 Our right to vary these terms and our Services
(a) We may revise these Terms from time to time, including but not limited to, in the following circumstances:
(i) changes in how We accept payment from you;
(ii) changes to the products or services that we offer or to Our Website; or
(iii) changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements.
(b) Unless We state otherwise, every time you order Products or Services from Us, the Terms in force at that time will apply to the Contract between you and Us.
(c) Whenever we revise these Terms in accordance with this clause 3.12, We will keep you informed and give you notice of this by stating that these Terms have been amended and the relevant date at the top of this page.
(d) We may alter, correct, suspend or discontinue any part of Our Services, how you can use them, and their description on Our Website.
3.13 Manufacturer's Guarantee
Some of the Products We sell to you come with a manufacturer's guarantee. For details of the applicable terms and conditions of such guarantee, please refer to the manufacturer's guarantee provided with the Product(s).
If you are a consumer, a manufacturer's guarantee is in addition to your legal rights in relation to Products that are faulty or not as described. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office.
3.14 Our liability to you
(a) If you are a business customer: We will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent or negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise under or in connection with these Terms for:
(i) any economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or
(ii) any loss of goodwill or reputation; or
(iii) any loss or corruption of data, information or software; or
(iv) any special or indirect losses suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under these Terms.
To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, We disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Products and Services.
(b) If you are a consumer:
(i) if We fail to comply with these Terms, We are responsible for loss or damage you suffer that is a foreseeable result of Our breach of these Terms or Our negligence, but We are not responsible for any loss or damage that is not foreseeable. Loss or damage is foreseeable if they were an obvious consequence of Our breach or if they were contemplated by you and Us at the time We entered into the Contract.
(ii) We only supply the Products for domestic and private use. You agree not to use the product for any commercial, business or re-sale purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
Nothing in the Terms will exclude or limit Our liability for:
(i) fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury resulting from Our negligence or that of Our servants, agents or employees;
(ii) breach of the terms implied by section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (title and quiet possession);
(iii) defective products under the Consumer Protection Act 1987; or
(iv) if you are a consumer, any breach of the terms implied by section 13 to 15 of the Sale of Goods Act 1979 (description, satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and samples).
3.15 Information about Us and how to contact Us
We operate the Website Jessops.com. We are a company registered in England and Wales under company number is 08384909 and with Our registered office at Network House, Third Avenue, Globe Park, Marlow, Buckinghamshire, SL7 1EY. Our registered VAT number GB 156 009 915.
If you have any queries about these Terms or any Order or Contract, please email customerservice@jessops.com or telephone Our contact centre on 0203 322 3387.
3.16 Complaints
We value Our customers' satisfaction very highly. In the event you have a complaint regarding a product or service purchased from Jessops, please contact us at customerservice@jessops.com or call 0203 322 3387.
If your complaint relates to Collect@Store orders please contact Our Collect@Store customer services on 0203 322 3387 or email customerservice@jessops.com.
In the unlikely event that our Customer Service Team is unable to resolve your complaint or you are not satisfied with the resolution We have offered/provided, the EU Online Dispute Resolution platform is available at www.ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr.
3.17 Other important terms
(a) Communications between Us: Unless We state otherwise in these Terms, if you wish to contact Us in writing, or if any clause in these Terms requires you to contact Us in writing, you can send this to Us by e-mail, by hand delivery, or by pre-paid post to Jessops Europe Limited, Network House, Third Avenue, Globe Park, Marlow, Buckinghamshire, SL7 1EY. We will confirm receipt of this by contacting you in writing. If We have to contact you or give you notice in writing, we will do so by e-mail, by hand delivery, or by pre-paid post to the address you provide to Us in your Order.
(b) Transfer of a Contract to someone else: We may transfer Our rights and obligations under a Contract to another organisation, but this will not affect your rights or Our obligations under these Terms. You may only transfer your rights or your obligations under these Terms to another person if We agree in writing.
(c) Enforcement of these terms by someone else: Each Contract is between you and Us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms except as expressly set out in these Terms.
(d) Whole agreement: If you are a business, these Terms and any document expressly referred to in them constitute the whole agreement between you and Us. You acknowledge that you have not relied on any statement, promise or representation made or given by or on behalf of Us which is not set out in these Terms or any document expressly referred to in them.
(e) Events Outside Our control: We will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of Our obligations under a Contract that is caused by an Event Outside Our Control. If an Event Outside Our Control takes place that affects the performance of Our obligations under a Contract:
(i) We will contact you as soon as reasonably possible to notify you; and
(ii) Our obligations under a Contract will be suspended and the time for performance of Our obligations will be extended for the duration of the Event Outside Our Control. Where the Event Outside Our Control affects Our delivery of Products to you, we will arrange a new delivery date with you after the Event Outside Our Control is over.
(f) Waiver: If We fail to insist that you perform any of your obligations under these Terms, or if We do not enforce Our rights against you, or if We delay in doing so, that will not mean that We have waived Our rights against you and will not mean that you do not have to comply with those obligations. If We do waive a default by you, we will only do so in writing, and that will not mean that We will automatically waive any later default by you. Unless specifically provided otherwise, rights arising under the Contract or these Terms are cumulative and do not exclude rights provided by law.
(g) Each of the clauses of these Terms operates separately: If any court or relevant authority decides that any of these clauses are unlawful or unenforceable, such clauses shall be deemed to have been deleted or amended to such extent as is strictly necessary for such clauses to be lawful and enforceable and all other remaining clauses will remain in full force and effect.
(h) Governing Law:
(i) If you are a consumer, please note that these Terms are governed by English law (including non-contractual disputes or claims). This means a Contract for the purchase of Products and/or Services through Our Website and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by English law. You and We both agree to that the courts of England and Wales will have exclusive jurisdiction (including non-contractual disputes or claims). However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland.
(ii) If you are a business, these Terms are governed by English law. This means that a Contract, and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims), will be governed by English law. We both agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales (including non-contractual disputes or claims).
4. Consumer Finance
Applying for online finance (home delivery orders)
Applying for online finance couldn't be easier or more convenient. Once you've chosen the Products you'd like to purchase, simply complete a brief on-line application form accessed via the 'checkout' area of the Website. Just follow the simple instructions, entering your personal details as required and We'll do the rest.
4.1 Who these terms and conditions apply to: These additional terms and conditions in clause 4 apply if you are a consumer and you choose to obtain Consumer Finance from Us. If these terms conflict with any terms in clause 3, this clause 4 will take precedence.
4.2 Applying for finance (online):
(a) Your Application (online): If you'd like to apply for Our Consumer Finance you must complete an on-line application form accessed via the 'checkout' on Our Website. You will be sent an email to confirm the status of your application as soon as it has been processed. If your application is approved and you accept the terms of the Consumer Finance contract, you will return to the checkout and will proceed through to the completion of your Order. Following completion, you will receive an email with a link to download a copy of your credit agreement for your records.
(b) Depending on the item or product purchased, and subject to availability, typical consumer finance deals may include:
(i) 6, 10, 12, 18 or 24 months Interest Free Finance; or
(ii) 24 or 36 month Interest Bearing Credit at 14.9% APR representative
(c) Interest and deposit: Depending on the consumer finance deal, consumer finance orders may be subject to a minimum deposit of 10% which will be taken from your Debit/Credit Card once your Order has been confirmed and approved.
4.3 Eligibility: You must be between the ages of 18 and 75, work at least 16 hours a week, or be retired with an income. You must also be a resident of the UK and have lived in the UK for the last three years or more. Homemakers are not excluded from application under their own names; however the employment details of your spouse will be required in order to process your application. We can only deliver Products ordered with Consumer Finance to the home address of the applicant.
4.4 Exclusions: Consumer Finance is not available:
(a) on certain Products; or
(b) if you are resident in Eire.
4.5 Credit testing: Credit scoring is the process used by financial services companies to evaluate the credit risk of new applicants. This technique will be applied to your application for online finance. Credit scoring works by awarding points for each answer given on the application form such as age, income and occupation, together with information obtained from credit reference agencies. This information allows Us to produce consistent decisions, ensuring all Our applicants are treated fairly.
4.6 Circumstances where We may refuse your application: If We decline your application We are not able to confirm the reason for this. Applications are usually declined due to one, or a combination of, the following:
(a) your credit score (note that every finance company will score you differently);
(b) adverse credit reference agency information;
(c) you are considered to be overcommitted;
(d) you are aged under 21; or
(e) your existing account performance with other lenders.
If your application has been refused, it does not mean that a further request will be automatically turned down but We suggest that you leave at least 3 months between applications.
4.7 How quickly your application will be processed: if your online application is received between 9am and 8pm, Monday to Friday (excluding Bank and Public holidays), 9am and 6pm on Saturday, or 10am and 5pm on Sunday then in the majority of cases, you will receive a decision within a matter of minutes.
If you submit your application outside of these hours, then you will likely receive a response the next working day.
You will be sent an email to confirm the status of your application as soon as it has been processed.
Once my application is approved, what happens next?
Within minutes of your application being approved, you'll be asked to accept the terms of the Consumer Finance Credit Agreement - once you select YES you will return to the Website checkout area and will proceed through to the completion of your Order following which your Order will be dispatched for home delivery. Following completion, you will receive an email with a link to download a copy of your Credit Agreement for your records.
4.8 Information held by credit reference agencies:
Some of the information is public information, for example electoral roll, County Court Judgements and bankruptcies. Other lenders may also file information about accounts you hold with them for instance this could include your payment history and outstanding balance on these accounts.
Any requests for credit, where a credit reference search has been undertaken, will also be filed, although the result of the request is not recorded.
You can obtain copies of this information by sending a cheque for £2, made payable to the relevant credit reference agency, together with details of all addresses at which you have lived over the last 6 (six) years:
4.9 Consumer Help Desk:
Experian LTD P.O. Box 8000 Nottingham NG1 5GX
Equifax Department 1E P.O. Box 3001 Glasgow G81 2DT
You can also find out more about credit decisions by visiting the above companies' websites: Experian and Equifax the above listed agencies will provide details of information relating via these addresses.
If you believe that the information is incorrect, you can ask the agency to correct it.
4.10 Delivery: Products are allocated to your Order only when your application for Consumer Finance has been approved. This means there's a small chance that the Product you ordered may be sold out by the time your agreement is received. For Orders that are subject to consumer finance, NO Products that are subject to your Order will be dispatched until ALL Products that are subject to this Order are in stock and available.
4.11 Help: Simply email Our customer services team at customerservice@jessops.com or call them on 0203 322 3387 detailing the nature of your enquiry.
A customer services advisor or a member of Our online finance team will get back to you as soon as possible with an answer to your question.
4.12 Applying for finance (in store):
We will take your details (including credit or debit card details) and process your application. If your application is approved you will be asked to sign the credit agreement and you can take your purchase away that day.
5. Photo Products
5.1 The Jessops Photo website located at https://www.jessops.com/photo For terms and conditions please refer to the photo website.
6. Jessops Training Academy
6.1 Who these terms and conditions apply to: The additional terms and conditions in this clause 6 apply if you choose to purchase Training Academy Services from Us. If these terms conflict with any terms in clause 3, this clause 6 will take precedence.
6.2 Additional definitions:
When the following words with capital letters are used in this section 6 this is what they will mean:
Course(s): are the training course(s) provided by Us;
Equipment: means all and any cameras, camera equipment and apparatus, and any other materials brought to the Venue and/or the Course by you;
Owners: means the owners and/or management of the Venue;
Services: the training services to be provided to you through the means of the Course and/ or workshops and any additional activities which We deem appropriate from time to time incorporated into the Course;
Venue: means the venue the Course(s) are to be held at;
We/Us/Our: Jessops Europe Limited (registered in England and Wales with company number 08384909) whose registered office is at Network House, Third Avenue, Globe Park, Marlow, Buckinghamshire, SL7 1EY, VAT number GB 156 009 915; and
Website: Our website located at www.jessops.com or any subsequent URL which may replace it.
6.3 Submitting an Order:
You can only attend a Course if you over 16 years of age on the date of attendance at the relevant Course or you attend the Course with a parent or guardian. An exception to this is the Big Cats course where you have to be over the age of 17 to attend. By placing an Order for a Course you unconditionally warrant and represent that you are over the age of 16 or you will attend the Course with your parent or guardian. If you are under 16 at the time of the Course and you do not attend the Course with your parent or guardian, you will not be permitted to participate in the Course.
You may submit a Order to Us via the Website or by contacting Our customer services team at customerservice@jessops.com, calling them on 0203 322 3387 or by placing your Order in one of Our stores.
All Orders for Courses are processed and administered by Bookingbug Limited Our third party booking services provider and whilst Bookingbug Limited will process you details your data will be processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 (as amended), used only for the purposes of the provision of such services and not passed on by Bookingbug Limited to any one or more third parties.
If you place an Order for a Course but do not immediately book a specific Course at the time of such Order you must attend a Course within 12 months of the date of your Order; if you fail to do so, you will lose your chance to attend a Course, you will still be charged for your Order and you will not be entitled to a refund.
6.4 Your Obligations:
You will:
(a) ensure that you attend the Course wearing appropriate clothing and footwear;
(b) inform Us at the time of submitting your Order whether you have mobility problems, walk with the aid of walking aids or require a wheelchair;
(c) comply with all reasonable instructions and directions issued by Us or any applicable venue where the Course will take place (including, without limitation, in relation to health and safety or security requirements);
(d) at all times throughout the Course and whilst in attendance at the Venue conduct yourself in an orderly manner and must not act in any manner which causes offence, annoyance or inconvenience to other Course attendees, the Venue, or Us;
(e) take out and maintain applicable adequate insurance to cover your participation in the Course and for the Equipment;
(f) not cause or permit any damage to the Venue or any part of it or to any fixtures or fittings;
(g) be responsible for the payment of any and all expenses incurred by you in relation to the Course;
(h) inform Us either during the Course or within twenty eight (28) days after the final day of the Course of any complaint or problem with the Services, the Course or Us which you may have.
You agree and acknowledge that you have full responsibility for your mobility whilst on the Course and attending the Venue (both travel arrangements to and from the Course and your general mobility once at the Course Venue and whilst participating in the Course).
6.5 Changes to your Order:
(a) Prior to the Course date We reserve the right, for any reason (whether or not due to Events Outside Our Control), to change the price of, format, content, Venue and timing of the Course as advertised on the Website; We will use reasonable endeavours to notify you of any such change(s).
(b) We reserve the right at any time after We have accepted your Order and for any reason (whether or not due to Events Outside Our Control) to cancel or change the format, content, Venue and timing of the Course.
6.6 If we cancel or make changes to your Course: In the event that We cancel or amend the Course under clause 6.5 you will be entitled to a full refund of the fees paid to Us under clause 6 of these Terms. If any changes are made to the Course under this clause 6.6 or clause 6.9(c), these Terms will continue to be binding on both you and Us and the Order will be deemed to be amended accordingly.
6.7 Providing Services:
(a) We will supply the Services to you for the duration of the Course stipulated in your Order.
(b) As a consumer, you have legal rights in relation to Services not carried out with reasonable skill and care, or if the materials We use are faulty or not as described. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens' Advice Bureau or Trading Standards office. Nothing in these Terms will affect these legal rights.
6.8 Price and payment:
We will take full payment for the relevant Course(s) at the time that you place your Order in relation to the same pursuant to clause 6.3 above. For the avoidance of doubt the prices as referred to in your Order will include the following:
(a) tuition for the Course; and
(b) Course materials
You should bring your own refreshments.
In order to complete your order you will be required to pay the applicable Course fees. Where you place your Order over the telephone payment can be made by credit or debit card. If you place your Order at a Jessops store then payment may also be made in cash.
6.9 Additional limitations on Our liability to you:
(a) We do not make any warranty as to the Course in general and in particular in relation to: (i) the presence or absence of any other attendees or the Venue; or (ii) the benefit or outcome (commercial or otherwise) that You may achieve as a result of attending the Course.
(b) We will have no responsibility or liability for any loss, theft, or damage to your property or effects, including but not limited to the Equipment.
(c) In the event that the date of the Course is changed or the Course is cancelled due to an Event Outside Our Control you will be informed as soon as possible (and we will use all reasonable endeavours to give you at least 24 hours' notice) prior to the scheduled commencement date for the Course and you will be entitled to either:
(i) a full refund of the fees paid to Us under clause 6 of these Terms; or
(ii) attend the Course on the alternative date suggested by Us except in extreme cases where it is no longer possible to provide the Course.
6.10 Amendments to your booking/Amendment Fees:
(a) Your Jessops course is non-refundable
(b) You are entitled to amend your Order at any time using the email link provided at the time of placing your Order, however, unfortunately We cannot accept an amendment to your Order less than seven (7) days before the proposed date of your original Course booking. Any request for a cancellation of a Course or amendment to your Order less than seven (7) days before the proposed date of your original Course booking: (i) will only be granted or qualify for a refund (either in whole or in part at Our sole and absolute discretion) in extreme circumstances; and (ii) must be made by contacting Our customer services team at customerservice@jessops.com, calling them on 0203 322 3387 or calling in to one of Our stores.
(c) Where you wish to amend your Order to attend a Course that is more expensive than your Original Course, you must cancel your Order in relation to your original Course (subject always to clause 6.10(a) above) and then submit a new Order in relation to the new Course.
6.11 Intellectual Property Rights:
Any and all intellectual property rights in the Course materials are owned by Us and will continue to be owned by Us.
7. Website Terms of Use
7.1 Status and Application
This clause 7 applies to your use of the Website.
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Website. You are also responsible for ensuring that all persons who access the Website through your internet connection are:
(a) aware of these Terms, and that they comply with them; and
(b) they are not under the age of 13 and if they are over the age of 13 but under the age of 18 they are being supervised by an adult over the age of 18 at all times.
Access to the Website by anyone under the age of 13 is unauthorised and is not permitted by these Terms; by using the Website you confirm that you are over the age of 13 and if you are over the age of 13 but under the age of 18 you are being supervised by an adult over the age of 18 at all times.
The information provided by us on the Website is not in any way an invitation or recommendation to buy any products or services featured and you should seek appropriate independent advice.
7.2 Errors and Omissions:
We make every effort to ensure that the information on Our Website is accurate and up to date. However, we cannot guarantee such information will be error-free and you acknowledge that information published on this Website may include inaccuracies and typological errors. We will promptly correct any errors brought to Our attention. If you find an error, please let Us know via Our Contact Us section.
We can accept no responsibility for information or opinions from third-parties, contained within this Website, or for the content of links from this Website.
Product photographs are for illustration only, products may differ from those shown. Descriptions are supplied by the manufacturer and may change without notice.
We reserve the right to withdraw any item from sale, at any point prior to despatch, for whatever reason.
Offers, prices, specifications and services are subject to change.
Collect@Store Service: From time to time some stores may be excluded from the Collect@Store service.
7.3 Copyright and Trade Marks:
The Website is owned, controlled or licensed by Us. You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website will remain at all times vested in Us or Our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by Us or Our licensors.
You shall retain ownership of all copyright in data you submit to Us or the Website. You grant us a word-wide, exclusive, royalty-free, non-terminable licence, to use, copy, distribute, publish and transmit such data in any manner.
7.4 Your use of Our Website:
The Website may be used only for lawful purposes and in a lawful manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and regulations regarding the Website and any transactions conducted on or through it.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content. You may print off one copy and may download extracts of any page(s) from the Website for your personal reference and you may draw the attention of others within your organisation to material posted on the Website. You must not modify the paper or digital copies of any materials you have printed off or downloaded in any way under this clause, and you must not use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from any accompanying text. Our status as the authors of material on Our Site must always be acknowledged. If you print off, copy or download any part of the Website in breach of these Terms your right to use the Website will cease immediately and you must, at Our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials you have printed off copied or downloaded.
We will endeavour to allow uninterrupted access to the Website but We reserve the right to modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website (or any part of it, including any Service or Product advertised on it) with or without notice to you and you confirm that We will not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website.
We do not warrant that the Website will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free or that defects will be corrected.
If you access the Website from outside the UK you are responsible for compliance will all local laws in respect of such access/use.
7.5 Your obligations:
You confirm that:
(a) you have parental consent if under 18 years of age where you are providing Personal Information;
(b) the Personal Information which you provide to Us is true, accurate, current and complete in all respects; and
(c) you will notify Us immediately of any changes to the Personal Information by contacting Us by email at customerservice@jessops.com or call Us on 0203 322 3387.
You agree not to impersonate any other person or entity or to use a false name or a name that you are not authorised to use.
7.6 Prohibited uses:
You may use the Website only for lawful purposes. You must not use the Website:
(a) in any way that breaches any applicable local, national or international law or regulation; or
(b) in any way that is unlawful or fraudulent, or has any unlawful or fraudulent purpose or effect; or
(c) for the purpose of harming or attempting to harm minors in any way; or
(d) to transmit, or procure the sending of, any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising or promotional material or any other form of similar solicitation (spam); or
(e) to knowingly transmit any data, send or upload any material that contains viruses, trojan horses, worms, time-bombs, keystroke loggers, spyware, adware or any other harmful programs or similar computer code designed to adversely affect the operation of any computer software or hardware.
You must not:
(a) reproduce, duplicate, copy or re-sell any part of the Website in contravention of the provisions of these Terms; or
(b) access without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:
(i) any part of the Website;
(ii) any equipment or network on which the Website is stored;
(iii) any software used in the provision of the Website; or
(iv) any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
7.7 User name and password:
On registering with Us, you register a user name and password which must be used in order to access certain restricted parts of the Website. The user name and password are personal to you and are not transferable.
Your name and password are the methods used by us to identify you and so are very important. You are responsible for all information posted on the Website by anyone using your user name and password and any payments due for services accessed through the Website by anyone using your user name and password. Any breach of security of a user name and password should be notified to Us immediately.
We have the right to disable your password, if in Our opinion, you have failed to comply with or otherwise breach any of the provisions of these Terms.
You may not adapt or circumvent the systems in place in connection with the Website, nor access the Website other than through normal operations.
7.8 Website suspension and termination:
(a) From time to time, we may restrict Users' access to all or any part of the Website, or any User's access to the Website who have registered with Us.
(b) We will determine, in Our discretion, whether there has been a breach of these Terms through your use of the Website. When a breach of these Terms has occurred, we may take such action against you or any other third party as We in Our absolute discretion deem appropriate.
(c) Failure by you to comply with these Terms, may in Our absolute discretion result in Our taking all or any of the following actions:
(i) immediate, temporary or permanent withdrawal of your right to use the Website;
(ii) issue of a formal warning to you;
(iii) legal proceedings against you for reimbursement of all costs on an indemnity basis (including, but not limited to, reasonable administrative and legal costs) resulting from your failure to comply with these Terms;
(iv) further legal action against you; or
(v) disclosure of such information to such law enforcement or other regulatory authorities as We in Our absolute discretion decide.
All disclaimers, indemnities and exclusions in this clause 7 shall survive termination of any Contract between us for any reason.
7.9 Viruses, hacking and other offences:
We will not be liable to you for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of the Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it. We make no warranty that the Website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the Website. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website.
7.10 Data submitted by users:
We accept no liability for data supplied by any user for display on the Website.
If you submit data for display on the Website you are responsible for ensuring that the data is accurate, complete and up to date and for updating that data where necessary.
If you submit data for display on the Website you are responsible for ensuring that no data is uploaded or submitted which is untrue, defamatory, obscene or abusive or otherwise objectionable or in breach of any applicable laws or rights of third parties.
You warrant that you have taken all reasonable precautions to ensure that any data you upload or otherwise submit to the Website is free from viruses and anything else which may have a contaminating or destructive effect on any part of the Website or any other technology.
We reserve the right (without limiting our rights to seek other remedies) to remove offending material placed on the Website that we consider to constitute a misuse of the Website or which is otherwise harmful to other users of the Website.
7.11 Disclaimer:
The information on the Website is provided by Us and is for general information purposes only.
Due to the nature of electronic transmission of data over the internet, and the number of users by whom data is posted on to the Website, We do not accept any responsibility or liability for loss or damage including without limitation, any economic losses, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from use or loss of use of data arising out of or in connection with the use of the Website.
We assume no responsibility for the content of any other websites to which this Website has links. Linking should not be taken as endorsement of a website, including any products and services referred to in that website, nor does it imply that there is an association between Us and the operators of that website. We cannot guarantee that these links will work all the time and has no control over the availability of linked pages. We endeavour to keep the Website running smoothly but We do not guarantee uninterrupted access to the Website.
8. Privacy Policy and Security
Our Privacy Policy and Security policy can be found here
9. Repair Service
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) set out the legal terms and conditions upon which Jessops Europe Limited (a company limited in England and Wales with company number 08384909) (“Jessops”, “our” or “we”) or one of our authorised repair agents (our “Repair Agent”) provides its Repair Service (the “Service”) to you (“Customer”).
How to contact us: You can contact us by telephoning our customer service team on 0203 322 3387or by emailing us at cs@jessops.com.
How we may contact you: If we have to contact you, we will do so by: (i) telephone; or (ii) by writing to you at the email address or postal address, that you provided to us in your order.
1 Our contract with you
1.1 How we will accept your order. Our acceptance of your order will take place when we tell you that we are able to provide you with the Service and both you and we have signed these Terms or you sign the receipt that we issue to you in relation to our provision of this Service to you; at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us.
1.2 If we cannot accept your order. If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this. This might be because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for or because we have identified an error in the price or description of the Service.
2 Service
2.1 The Service is only available in participating Jessops retail stores or via the Jessops customer service team.
2.2 The Service is available to those customers who have one of the following:
2.2.1 an in-warranty or Manufacturers Guarantee repair;
2.2.2 an out-of-warranty, estimated repair (managed by a Repair Agent);
2.2.3 a Jessops Care Plan or Jessops Care & Protect Plan repair (managed by Domestic and General Services Limited or Domestic and General Insurance PLC) (in either case, the “Plan”); or
2.2.4 a re-repair of an out of warranty repair managed by the guidelines set out by the Repair Agent.
3 The Repair Process
3.1 To take advantage of the Service please speak to a member of Jessops staff at the participating Jessops store and take with you the equipment that you are proposing to be repaired. You will need to ensure that in addition to the equipment itself you also have with you any associated parts which are loose and/or broken, as well as any associated Guarantee or Warranty paperwork (“Repair Equipment”).
3.2 Jessops will then undertake an assessment of your Repair Equipment to determine the Repair Equipment’s eligibility, and (if relevant) the best type of repair. Such assessment will include, without limitation, powering up the Repair Equipment, checking the flash works, LCD display works, it takes a clear picture which saves to a memory device in addition to overall assessment of the condition of the Repair Equipment. Any damage, missing or loose parts, or cosmetic imperfections will be noted in the “current condition of the Repair Equipment” section (or on the receipt issued by us to you in relation to the Service) prior to carrying out the Service. It is your responsibility to ensure that the information provided in this section matches the condition of your camera. If there is any difference in condition of the Repair Equipment received back, it is your responsibility to prove that this damage was not there when you provided us with the Repair Equipment.
3.3 Please notify us as soon as possible if you suspect that we have caused any new damage to the Repair Equipment.
3.4 Unless we tell you otherwise, the Repair Equipment will be returned to the store in which it was submitted and is not available for collection from any other place.
3.5 For repairs submitted via the Jessops customer service team, these will be returned to the home address that you supplied to us when you paid for the repair.
4 Legal Requirements/Eligibility
4.1 In submitting your Repair Equipment to Jessops, you promise that:
4.1.1 you own the Repair Equipment;
4.1.2 if the Repair Equipment is subject to any lease hire, hire purchase, any finance or credit agreement or anything similar, you will take full responsibility for payments due in relation to these agreements;
4.1.3 you are over the age of 18 and are legally capable to authorise the completion of work on the Repair Equipment;
4.1.4 you are resident in the United Kingdom and will be able to collect it from the store when the Repair Equipment is ready for collection;
4.1.5 you have removed all SD cards and other data storage devices from the Repair Equipment and backed-up separately all data that was stored on the Repair Equipment prior to giving it to Jessops for repair; and
4.1.6 you will not suffer or incur any loss in the event that any or all data stored on the Repair Equipment is lost or otherwise erased or damaged.
5 In-Warranty or Manufacturers Guarantee Repair
5.1 For In-warranty or Manufacturers Guarantee Repair, the Repair Equipment must be accompanied by an appropriate proof of purchase, which we will use to confirm the Repair Equipment’s eligibility for the repair under that guarantee.
5.2 If the Repair Equipment has been dropped, subjected to impact, water, sand, liquid, has been tampered with, affected by battery corrosion or been used or stored contrary to the manufacturer’s stated usage conditions then the warranty may be invalidated.
6 Out-of-Warranty or Estimated Repair
6.1 All Out-of-Warranty estimated repairs incur a £25 charge to cover carriage costs and initial inspection by the Repair Agent. Should you go ahead with the repair, this amount will be taken into account in the final repair costs.
6.2 The estimate charge is non-refundable should you: (i) decline the estimate; (ii) if the fault cannot be replicated by the repair agents; and/or (iii) the Repair Equipment is beyond repair as assessed by Jessops/the Repair Agent.
6.3 An estimate will be produced once your Repair Equipment has been inspected by the Repair Agent, which will be sent to you via the contact details that you gave when you placed your order. You will receive a reminder of your estimated cost at both 7 and 14 days from the date of the estimate via email or written letter, as per your communication preferences.
6.4 No work will be performed on the Repair Equipment until we have received your confirmation that you accept the estimate and wish to proceed with the Service and/or you have signed the estimate confirmation letter and returned it to us.
6.5 If we do not receive written instructions from you within 21 days of the date of the estimate then the item will be returned unrepaired to the store you submitted it to.
6.6 The estimate may be revised by the Repair agent after assessment if the internal condition of the equipment is not as anticipated. In these circumstances we will discuss any price changes with you before carrying out the work and you will have the right to cancel your order.
7 Plan Repairs
7.1For any Plan Repairs, the Repair Equipment should be accompanied by a proof of purchase receipt and an active Plan number.
7.1.1 Your Plan number will be provided to you either on your receipt or via post depending on the type of plan you purchased.
7.1.2 Repair Equipment submitted without a Plan number may be subject to delay and may not be processed until the appropriate information has been submitted to the store.
7.1.3 If you have misplaced your Plan number, you can call Domestic and General Services Limited or Domestic and General Insurance PLC on the same telephone number; 0800 597 8600 and select option 1 for repairs to confirm your Plan number.
7.2 If parts are unavailable or the Repair Equipment is beyond economical repair then a replacement may be issued. Please refer to the terms and conditions found with your Plan documentation for full details.
7.3 If the Repair Equipment is eligible for a replacement, you will receive written notification from Domestic and General Services Limited or Domestic and General Insurance PLC (as the case may be), and your Plan will then end in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions.
8 Re-repair of an Out-of-Warranty Repair
8.1 All Out-of-Warranty repairs have a 6 month repair guarantee. This means that if the exact same fault re-occurs within this time period, you can return your camera to your nearest Jessops store and we will arrange for it to be fixed free of charge.
8.2 Please note that this re-repair warranty only covers the exact same fault as previously fixed by us. Any new faults will be treated at our discretion and we reserve the right to charge you if this is deemed a new fault.
9 Delay and cancellations of repairs
9.1 We will usually complete the Service on or before the collection date provided to you, but this date is only an estimate.
9.2 If our performance of the Service is affected by an event outside our control then we will contact you to let you know and we will take steps to minimise the effect of the delay. For example, this may be because some parts required for the repair are not currently available.
9.3 Provided we do this, we will not be liable for delays caused by the event but if there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the contract and receive a refund if we have not already started the Service on the Repair Equipment.
10 Payment
10.1 You must pay the standard £25.00 repair estimate charge in full before the Service starts.  The balance of the repair costs must be paid on or before collection of the Repair Equipment from us.
10.2 If you do not collect the Repair Equipment, within 12 months of us notifying you that the Repair Equipment is ready for collection, then we may dispose of it at our discretion. Please contact us by telephoning our customer service team on 0203 322 3387 or by emailing us at cs@jessops.com if you are unable to come and collect your Repair Equipment from the store.
11 Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
11.1 Jessops does not exclude or limit its liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or for breach of your legal rights in relation to the Service.
11.2 When Jessops is liable for damage to your property. We will make good any damage to your Repair Equipment caused by us whilst carrying out the Service. However, Jessops is not responsible for the cost of repairing any pre-existing faults or damage to your Repair Equipment that was not in the agreed scope of the Service.
11.3 We are not liable for business losses. We only offer the Service for domestic and private consumers. If you use the Service for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
11.4 Subject to the other provisions of these Terms, Jessops accepts no liability for any loss of data in relation to the Repair Equipment which arises as a result of the Service.
12 If something goes wrong
12.1 How to tell us about problems. If you have any questions or complaints about the Service, please contact us. You can contact us by telephoning our consumer service team on 0203 322 3387 or by writing to us at cs@jessops.com. Alternatively, please speak to one of our staff in-store.
13 General
13.1 Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights.
13.2 Which laws apply to this contract. These Terms (including in relation to non contractual matters) are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Service in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Service in either the Scottish or English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Service in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
Repair Equipment (i.e. make/model/serial number)
Current condition of the Repair Equipment (identifying any damages, scratches or marks)
Price
£         (inclusive of VAT, if any)
Collection Date
Customer Signature:
Customer (PRINT NAME):
Customer contact details:
Date:
Signed by Jessops acting by:
Colleague’s Name (PRINT NAME):
Date:
10. Jessops Trade-in & Part Exchange
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) set out the legal terms and conditions upon which Jessops Europe Limited (a limited company registered in England and Wales with company number 08384909) (“Jessops”, “us” or “we”) provides its trade-in and part exchange scheme (the “Scheme”).
Where Jessops offers its customers (each such customer being referred to as “you”) the opportunity to trade-in/part exchange their existing digital imaging equipment for a credit towards new digital imaging equipment these Terms will apply.
You must read these Terms carefully. By trading-in/part exchanging digital imaging equipment, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms in full and without exception.
How to contact us: You can contact us by telephoning our customer service team at 0203 322 3387or by emailing us at cs@jessops.com
How we may contact you: If we have to contact you, we will do so by: (i) telephone or; (ii) by writing to you at the email address, that you provided to us in your order.
1. Applicability
1.1 The Scheme is available in participating Jessops retail stores and via the Jessops customer services team.
1.2 The Scheme is only available when you purchase a qualifying product at the same time as trading-in/part exchanging your existing digital imaging equipment (the “Old Equipment”).  Qualifying products vary from time to time and will be as advertised and confirmed by Jessops in writing at the times when you look to take advantage of the Scheme.
2. Our contract with you
2.1 How we will accept your trade-in/part exchange. Our acceptance of your trade-in/part exchange will take place when we tell you that the Scheme is available to you and we provide you with a Trade-in Value. When both you and we sign these Terms or you sign the relevant receipt issued by us to you in relation to your trade-in/part-exchange, a contract will come into existence between you and us in relation to your participation in the Scheme.
2.2 If we cannot accept your trade-in/part-exchange. If you are not eligible to participate in the Scheme we will let you know. This might be because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for.
2.3 In relation to your new camera or digital imaging equipment purchase, Jessops’ General Terms And Conditions Of Purchase shall apply.
3. Trade-in/part exchange process
3.1 You may only trade-in/part exchange your Old Equipment which:
• is in good working condition
• is fully functioning
• is not damaged (save for minor cosmetic damages)
• does not have cracked lenses/screens
• has not been subject to water or other liquid damage
3.2 To participate in the Scheme, please telephone customer services or speak with a member of Jessops staff at a Jessops store. You will need to ensure that you have available your Old Equipment together with the relevant approved manufacturer battery and power cable/AC wall plug for the Old Equipment, together with any other items as reasonably advised by Jessops to be required to participate in the Scheme.
3.3 You will need to advise the Jessops member of staff that you speak to of the make(s) and model(s) of the digital imaging equipment that you propose to purchase (“New Equipment”) at the same time as trading-in/part exchanging your Old Equipment so that the Jessops member of staff can verify that your Old Equipment qualifies and the New Equipment is a qualifying purchase for the purposes of the Scheme.
3.4 Jessops will then undertake an assessment of your Old Equipment to determine a trade-in/part exchange valuation for your Old Equipment. This assessment will include, without limitation, powering up the Old Equipment, checking the flash and LCD display works, and that the digital imaging equipment takes a clear picture which saves to a memory device. We also carry out an overall assessment of the condition of the Old Equipment. Jessops’ determination of the trade-in value will be final and not subject to negotiation, but you do not have to accept the valuation (the “Trade-in Value”) unless you want to participate in the Scheme. Sometimes the Old Equipment may be of no value or will not be a qualifying product for the purposes of the Scheme.
3.5 A Trade-in Value specified by Jessops is only valid:
• in relation to the Old Equipment in respect of which it was given
• for 7 (seven) days and is strictly subject to verification following inspection of the Old Equipment in respect of which it was given
3.6 Jessops may vary a Trade-in Value or revoke any qualifying product at any time before you have completed your purchase of the New Equipment.
3.7 A trade-in/part-exchange estimate given over the phone, by email, in person or by other means where the Old Equipment is not available for assessment/inspection is not binding. In these cases, the Trade-in Value for the Old Equipment may vary from our initial estimate if the Old Equipment:
• differs in age, usage or exact model from that previously advised
• is faulty or show signs of imminent failure
• is not as described
• does not include an original manufacturer battery or power supply/AC wall plug
• shows signs of excessive wear not previously advised
• has impact or other damage
• has signs of internal fungal growth or damp
• is not original manufacturer EU or UK stock
• is suspected of being counterfeit, non-genuine or non-original in any way.
3.8 Once Jessops has assessed/inspected the Old Equipment it will confirm the Trade-in Value (“Final Trade-in Value”).  If you accept the Final Trade-in Value at the time it is given, you will be entitled to trade-in/part exchange the relevant Old Equipment at the same time as purchasing the New Equipment. If you go ahead, you will receive an amount equal to the Trade-in Value as a credit towards the purchase price of the New Equipment.
3.9 it becomes our property and it will not be possible to retrieve it under any circumstances. Once you have traded in the Old Equipment, it becomes Jessops’ property and it will not be possible to have it back/returned under any circumstances. The Product must not be stolen or listed with us or a third party as stolen. For some items (e.g. mobile phones) we will check the Product with CheckMEND, from the suppliers of IMMOBILISE as used by UK Police forces to trace stolen and missing property. If the Product fails any due diligence check, we may notify the relevant police authority and we may pass the Product and your details to them and the eGift Card value may be cancelled or recovered. The Product must not be stolen or listed with us or a third party as stolen. For some items (e.g. mobile phones) we will check the Product with CheckMEND, from the suppliers of IMMOBILISE as used by UK Police forces to trace stolen and missing property. If the Product fails any due diligence check, we may notify the relevant police authority and we may pass the Product and your details to them and the eGift Card value may be cancelled or recovered. The Product must not be stolen or listed with us or a third party as stolen. For some items (e.g. mobile phones) we will check the Product with CheckMEND, from the suppliers of IMMOBILISE as used by UK Police forces to trace stolen and missing property. If the Product fails any due diligence check, we may notify the relevant police authority and we may pass the Product and your details to them and the eGift Card value may be cancelled or recovered. The Product must not be stolen or listed with us or a third party as stolen. For some items (e.g. mobile phones) we will check the Product with CheckMEND, from the suppliers of IMMOBILISE as used by UK Police forces to trace stolen and missing property. If the Product fails any due diligence check, we may notify the relevant police authority and we may pass the Product and your details to them and the eGift Card value may be cancelled or recovered. The Product must not be stolen or listed with us or a third party as stolen. For some items (e.g. mobile phones) we will check the Product with CheckMEND, from the suppliers of IMMOBILISE as used by UK Police forces to trace stolen and missing property. If the Product fails any due diligence check, we may notify the relevant police authority and we may pass the Product and your details to them and the eGift Card value may be cancelled or recovered. The Product must not be stolen or listed with us or a third party as stolen. For some items (e.g. mobile phones) we will check the Product with CheckMEND, from the suppliers of IMMOBILISE as used by UK Police forces to trace stolen and missing property. If the Product fails any due diligence check, we may notify the relevant police authority and we may pass the Product and your details to them and the eGift Card value may be cancelled or recovered.
4. Legal Requirements/Eligibility
In trading-in your Old Equipment you promise that:
• you own the Old Equipment;
• the Old Equipment is not subject to any lease hire, hire purchase, any finance or credit agreement or anything similar;
• you are over the age of 18 and are legally capable to enter into the sale of the Old Equipment to Jessops in accordance with these Terms;
• you are resident in the United Kingdom;
• you have removed all SD cards and other data storage devices from the Old Equipment and backed-up separately all data that was stored on the Old Equipment prior to offering it for sale, and selling it to Jessops; and
• you will not suffer or incur any loss in the event that any or all data stored on the Old Equipment is lost or otherwise erased or damaged.
5. Returns and refunds
5.1 In trading-in/part exchanging the Old Equipment you acknowledge and accept that you will not be entitled to a return of the Old Equipment under any circumstances whatsoever.
5.2 In the event that you have purchased New Equipment in circumstances where you have traded-in/part exchanged Old Equipment and you return the New Equipment for a refund in accordance with Jessops’ refund policy you will:
• not be entitled to a return of the Old Equipment
• be entitled to a refund of cash equal to the price of the New Equipment, less the Final Trade-in Value and will not be entitled to a refund of cash in relation to the Final Trade-in Value
• be entitled to a credit to spend at Jessops equal to the Final Trade-in Value
6. Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
6.1 Jessops does not exclude or limit its liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or for breach of your legal rights in relation to the Promotion.
6.2 When Jessops is liable for damage to your property. We will make good any damage to your Old Equipment caused by us whilst carrying out the Scheme, such as when assessing the Trade-in Value/Final Trade-in Value. However, Jessops is not responsible for the cost of repairing any pre-existing faults or damage to your Old Equipment, if you decide not to participate in the Scheme.
6.3 We are not liable for business losses. We only offer participation in the Scheme to domestic and private consumers. You will not be eligible to participate in the Scheme if you are doing so for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose we will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
6.4 Subject to the remaining provisions of these Terms, Jessops accepts no liability for any loss of data in relation to the Old Equipment which arises as part of your participation in the Scheme.  You are responsible for ensuring that: (i) your memory cards or any other personal items belonging to you are removed from the Old Equipment; and (ii) any data stored on the Old Equipment is backed-up, by you prior to handing the Old Equipment to Jessops.
7. If there is a problem with the Scheme
7.1 If you have any questions or complaints about the Scheme, please contact us. You can contact us by telephoning our customer service team at 0203 322 3387 or by writing to us at cs@jessops.com. Alternatively, please speak to one of our staff in-store.
7.2 Alternative dispute resolution. Alternative dispute resolution is a process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. If you are not happy with how we have handled any complaint, you may want to contact the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform using the following link: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/
8. General
8.1 Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights.
8.2 These Terms (including in relation to non contractual matters) are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Promotion in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Promotion in either the Scottish or English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Promotion in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
JESSOPS TRADE-IN / PART-EXCHANGE ACCEPTANCE FORM
I agree to the Terms (as set out above) and agree to the sale of the Old Equipment (detailed below) to Jessops for a price equal to the Trade-in Value (“Price”).  I acknowledge and accept that it becomes our property and it will not be possible to retrieve it under any circumstances. once I have traded in the Old Equipment, it becomes Jessops’ property and it will not be possible to have it back/returned under any circumstances.
I agree to accept in complete satisfaction of Jessops’ promise to pay the Price, a credit of an amount equal to the Trade-in Value/Price (detailed below) towards the purchase price of the relevant New Equipment (detailed below).
I promise to Jessops that:
(a) I own the Old Equipment and it is not subject to any lease hire, hire purchase, any finance or credit agreement or anything similar;
(b) I am over the age of 18 and I am legally capable to enter into the sale of the Old Equipment to Jessops in accordance with the Terms;
(c) I am resident in the United Kingdom; and
(d) I have removed all SD cards and other data storage devices from the Old Equipment and backed-up separately all data that was stored on the Old Equipment prior to offering it for sale and selling it to Jessops and that accordingly I will not suffer or incur any loss in the event that any or all data stored on the Old Equipment is lost or otherwise erased or damaged.
I accept that in the event that I return the New Equipment for a refund in accordance with Jessops’ refund policy I will: (i) not be entitled to a return of the Old Equipment; (ii) be entitled to a refund of cash equal to the price of the New Equipment less the Trade-in Value (as detailed below) and will not be entitled to a refund of cash in relation to the Trade-in Value; and (iii) be entitled to a credit to spend at Jessops equal to the amount of the Trade-in Value (as detailed below) applied in relation to the Old Equipment (as detailed below).
Old Equipment (i.e. make/model/serial number)
New Equipment (i.e. make/model/serial number)
Trade-in Value/Price
£         (inclusive of VAT, if any)
Customer Signature:
Customer (PRINT NAME):
Customer contact details:
Date:
Signed by Jessops acting by:
Colleague’s Name (PRINT NAME):
Date:
11. Digital Imaging Equipment Sensor Cleaning
These terms and conditions (“Terms”) set out the legal terms and conditions upon which Jessops Europe Limited (England and Wales company number 08384909) (“Jessops”, “us” or “we”) provides its digital imaging sensor cleaning service (the “Service”) namely:
Jessops will undertake an assessment of your Equipment (as defined below) to determine if a sensor clean can be completed. This assessment will include, without limitation, powering up the Equipment, checking the flash and LCD display works, and that the Equipment takes a clear picture which saves to a memory device. We also carry out an overall assessment of the condition of the Equipment, including checking the sensor for any dust, dirt, liquid or scratches. Should any scratches or liquid be present in the sensor we will not continue with the Service. Otherwise we will perform a ‘wet clean’ on the sensor to remove the dirt.
You must read these Terms carefully. By requesting that we provide the Service in relation to the digital imaging equipment (the “Equipment”) listed at the end of these Terms or detailed on the receipt issued by us and signed by you in relation to the Service, you confirm that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by these Terms.
How to contact us: You can contact us by telephoning our customer service team at 0203 322 3387 or by emailing us at cs@jessops.com
How we may contact you: If we have to contact you, we will do so by: (i) telephone; or (ii) by writing to you at the email address [or postal address], that you provided to us in your order.
1 Our contract with you
1.1 How we will accept your order. Our acceptance of your order will take place when we tell you that we are able to provide you with the Service, and both you and we sign these Terms or the receipt issued by us to you in relation to the Service is signed by you; at which point a contract will come into existence between you and us.
1.2 If we cannot accept your order. If we are unable to accept your order, we will inform you of this and will not charge you for the Service. This might be because of unexpected limits on our resources which we could not reasonably plan for or because we have identified an error in the price or description of the Service.
2 Provision of Service
2.1 Jessops will provide the Service in relation to the Equipment. The Service will be performed by appropriately qualified and trained personnel and with reasonable due care, skill and diligence and to such standard of quality as is reasonable in the circumstances.
2.2 If you wish to make a change to the Service please contact us. We will let you know if the change is possible. We will let you know about any changes to the price of the Service, its timing or anything else which would be necessary as a result of your requested change and ask you to confirm whether you wish to go ahead with the change.
2.3 In relation to the Equipment you promise that:
2.3.1 you are the owner of the Equipment or have the express authorisation of the Equipment’s owner for Jessops to provide the Service in relation to the Equipment;
2.3.2 the Equipment is in the condition identified at the bottom of these Terms;
2.3.3 you have backed-up separately all data that is stored on the Equipment prior to requesting that Jessops provide the Service in relation to the Equipment, and accordingly you will not suffer or incur any loss in the event that any or all data stored on the Equipment is lost or otherwise erased or damaged in the provision of the Service.
2.4 You acknowledge that you will be asked to pay for the costs of providing the Service in full before the Service starts. The cost for providing the Service is as stated below. There is a minimum charge of £30.00 (including VAT) for each sensor cleaned.
3 Our responsibility for loss or damage suffered by you
3.1 We will endeavour complete the provision of the Service on or before the collection date specified below, however, this date is only an estimate. If our performance of the Service is affected by an event outside our control, then we will contact you to let you know and we will take reasonable steps to minimise the effect of the delay. If there is a risk of substantial delay you may contact us to end the contract and receive a refund, provided that we have not already started the Service on the Equipment.
3.2 Jessops does not exclude or limit its liability to you where it would be unlawful to do so. This includes liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence or the negligence of our employees, agents or subcontractors; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; for breach of your legal rights in relation to the Service.
3.3 Subject to the remaining provisions of these Terms, Jessops accepts no liability for any loss of data in relation to the Equipment which arises as a result of the provision of the Service.
3.4 Jessops will make good any damage to your Equipment caused whilst carrying out the Service. However, Jessops is not responsible for the cost of repairing any pre-existing faults or damage to your Equipment (as set out in the box below or detailed on the receipt issued by us and signed by you in relation to the Service) or which are discovered while providing the Service.
3.5 Jessops is not liable for business losses. The Service is only intended for domestic and private use. If you use the Service for any commercial, business or re-sale purpose Jessops will have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption, or loss of business opportunity.
4 If there is a problem with the Service
If you have any questions or complaints about the Service, please contact us. You can contact us by telephoning our customer service team at 0203 322 3387 or by writing to us at cs@jessops.com. Alternatively, please speak to one of our staff in-store.
5 General
5.1 Nothing in these Terms affects your legal rights.
5.2 These Terms (including in relation to non contractual matters) are governed by English law and you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Service in the English courts. If you live in Scotland you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Service in either the Scottish or English courts. If you live in Northern Ireland you can bring legal proceedings in relation to the Services in either the Northern Irish or the English courts.
Equipment (i.e. make/model/serial number)
Current condition of the Equipment (identifying any damage, scratches or marks)
Price
£         (inclusive of VAT, if any)
Collection Date
Customer Signature:
Customer (PRINT NAME):
Customer contact details:
Date:
Signed by Jessops acting by:
Colleague’s Name (PRINT NAME):
Date
12. The Lockdown with Jessops Challenge
The promoter is Jessops Europe Limited (JEL) - Company no. 08384909, whose registered office is at Network House, Third Avenue, Globe Park, Marlow, Buckinghamshire, SL7 1EY.
1. The competition is open to residents of the United Kingdom aged 16 years or over.
2. Entrants must not be employees of Jessops Europe Limited and their close relatives and anyone otherwise connected with the organisation or judging of the competition.
3. There is no entry fee.
4. No purchase necessary to enter this competition.
5. No alternative cash prize to listed weekly prizes.
6. By entering this competition, an entrant is indicating their agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Route to entry for the competition and details of how to enter are via Instagram [https://www.instagram.com/jessops] and Facebook [https://www.facebook.com/jessops].
Social media platforms the competition is run on are Facebook and Instagram
7. Multiple entries from the same person/account are accepted.
8. The Lockdown with Jessops Challenge is running from the 12th November until the 1st December 2020.
9. No responsibility can be accepted for entries not received for whatever reason.
10. Winners each week will be announced every Tuesday from 12:00 pm GMT+0 on Jessops' Instagram and Facebook pages.
How you enter the competition
11. To enter the Facebook and Instagram competition/draw, entrants must:
(i) follow @Jessops on Facebook and Instagram
(ii) like the post explaining the challenge of the day
(iii) follow the instructions listed on the daily post – the challenges and the ways to enter will change every week, therefore the entrants must read the post captions every week and participate accordingly.
12. Entrants confirm that they are the copyright holders of the visual content and that it is their original work. Jessops reserves the right to ask for proof in order to verify ownership of the work. Anyone found to be entering footage, audio or imagery belonging to others will be disqualified.
13. The promoter is not responsible for inaccurate prize details supplied to any entrant by any third party connected with this competition.
14. Entrants retain all copyright over any visual content submitted allowing it to be used by Jessops for the purpose of promoting the competition and for use at any future events. Jessops is not responsible for the licensing of any visual content, model, location or audio submitted by entrants and will co-operate with authorities, should any copyright infringements arise.
15. The prizes are as stated on Instagram and Facebook posts and no cash or other alternatives will be offered. The prizes are not transferable. Prizes are subject to availability and we reserve the right to substitute any prize with another of equivalent value without giving notice.
16. Winners will be chosen depending on style entry:
a. ‘Featuring’ challenges: the promoter will judge the competition and decide on the winner each week, which will be picked based on relevance to the daily theme from all complete entries via Instagram and Facebook.
b. ‘Comment BLOG/Scenario’ challenges: the promoter will judge the competition and decide on the winner each week, which will be picked based on creativity and originality from all complete entries via Instagram and Facebook.
c. ‘Generic comment’ challenges: the promoter will judge the competition and decide on the winner each week, which will be picked at random from all complete entries via Instagram and Facebook.
17. The winner will be notified by email and/or DM on Instagram/Facebook within 28 days of the closing date. If the winner cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.
18. The promoter will notify the winner when and where the prize can be collected / is delivered.
19. The promoter’s decision in respect of all matters to do with the competition will be final and no correspondence will be entered into.
20. Jessops decision as to those able to take part and selection of winners is final. No correspondence relating to the competition will be entered into.
21. By entering this competition, the entrant is indicating their agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
22. The competition and these terms and conditions will be governed by [English] law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
23. The winner agrees to the use of their name and image in any publicity material, as well as their entry. Any personal data relating to the winner or any other entrants will be used solely in accordance with current UK data protection legislation and will not be disclosed to a third party without the entrant’s prior consent.
24. The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend the competition and these terms and conditions without notice in the event of a catastrophe, war, civil or military disturbance or any actual or anticipated breach of any applicable law or regulation or any other event outside of the promoter’s control. Any changes to the competition will be notified to entrants as soon as possible by the promoter.
25. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook, Twitter or any other Social Network.
13. Black Friday Early Bird Price Promise
1. This price promise promotion (the “Promotion”) is operated by Jessops Europe Limited (company number 08384909) trading as “Jessops” (“Jessops”).
2. During the Promotion if you purchase a product from Jessops marked “Early Bird Deal” (the “Early Bird Product”) in-store, over the telephone or online from www.jessops.com between 23 November 2020 and 26 November 2020 (both dates inclusive) (the “Purchase Period”) you may be entitled to claim the Refund Amount (defined below) as set out in these Terms and Conditions.
3. If the Early Bird Product that you purchase from Jessops during the Purchase Period is subsequently advertised by Jessops at a lower price on any date from 23 November 2020 up to and including Black Friday (27 November 2020), you will be entitled to claim a partial refund equivalent to the difference between the price you paid for the Early Bird Product and Jessops’ subsequent lower price of that Early Bird Product (such difference being the “Refund Amount”).
4. To claim your Refund Amount simply provide your Jessops proof of purchase showing the date you purchased the Early Bird Product together with proof of Jessops’ lower price for the identical product (advertised in-store or online) on any date from 23 November 2020 up to and including Black Friday (27 November 2020).
5. The promotion excludes Digital Print and Photo Gifting purchases.
6. Claims for the Refund Amount can be made in-store or via Jessops’ contact centre (cs@jessops.com) within 21 days of your original purchase.
7. To be eligible to claim for the Refund Amount you must be aged 18 or over and residing in the UK at the time of purchase and making your claim.
8. The Early Bird Product purchased must be identical (including without limitation, make, colour, size and memory/storage) to the lower priced product in respect of which you are claiming your Refund Amount pursuant to this Promotion.
9. The Promotion does not apply to any promotion(s) not operated by Jessops. You must show that the lower price for the Early Bird Product is being offered by Jessops.
10. If you return any Early Bird Product to Jessops, you will not be eligible to receive the Refund Amount in relation to the Early Bird Product so returned.
11. If you make a successful claim, the refund method will be the same method as your original payment (e.g. if your payment method was by credit card, then the refund method will be made to that same credit card).
12. Jessops shall have the right where necessary to take all such action(s) as is/are reasonable to protect itself or any of its group companies against fraudulent or invalid claims in relation to this Promotion, including without limitation, requesting additional verification as to proof of purchase and your identity, deny the Refund Amount or terminate the Promotion due to excessive fraud.
13. Jessops shall comply with all applicable data protection legislation.
14. Jessops reserves the right at its own discretion to withdraw or amend the Promotion or these Terms and Conditions and to disqualify claims which it considers do not comply with these Terms and Conditions.
15. Jessops reserves the right to refuse any claim for the Refund Amount where the price for the Early Bird Product is/was incorrectly stated by Jessops or Jessops made any other errors or omissions in relation to the advertisement of the product.
16. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency with any other terms or communications, including Jessops advertising or promotional materials these Terms and Conditions shall prevail.
17. The Promotion shall be governed by English Law and is subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Sign up for our latest news and offers
Receive the best offers right to your inbox by signing up to our newsletter
Thank You
Email Address
Subscribe