http://www.gothiccabinetcraft.com/terms-conditions/
Clearance and Floor Samples
Bedroom
All Bedroom
Beds
Twin
XL Twin
Full
XL Full
Queen
King
California King
Bunk and Loft Beds
Trundle and Daybeds
Headboards
Twin
Full
Queen
King
Storage
Armoires and Wardrobes
Chests and Dressers
Nightstands
Mirrors
Storage Trunks and Benches
Mattresses
All Mattresses
Bedroom Collections
Collections
Bedroom Sets
Product Parts
Accents
All Accents
Office and Bookcases
All Office and Bookcases
Home Office
Writing and Computer Desks
Bookcases
Chairs
File Cabinets
Wall Units
Product Parts
Collections
Astoria
York
Provence
Lexington
Raised Panel
Flat Iron
Mid Century Modern
Riverdale
Country
Horizon
Kitchen and Dining
All Kitchen and Dining
Dining
Kitchen and Dining Sets
Tables
Counter Height Sets
Seating
Kitchen and Dining Chairs
Stools
Benches
Storage
China Cabinets
Buffets & Sideboards
Pantry
Kitchen Islands & Carts
Product Parts
Living
All Living
Entertainment
TV / Media Consoles
Entertainment Centers
Media Storage
Wall Units
Accents
Chairs
Rocking Chairs
Entryway
Sofa Tables
Modular Cubes
Bars
Occasional Tables
Ottomans
Curios
Futons
Futons
Custom Portfolio
All Custom Portfolio
Radiator Covers
Wall Units
Kitchen & Dining
Bedrooms
Entertainment Wall Units & Stands
Murphy Beds
Commercial Work
Bathrooms
Kids Bedrooms
Fireplace Mantels
Home Office
Odd Spaces
Before & After
Miscellaneous
Videos
Gift Certificates
Sign in
or Register
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Installation and Set-Up Fees may apply to some products.Delivery Fees are not included in pricing.Accessories and mattresses are not included and are only for illustrative purposes.A copy of our lifetime warranty can be provided upon request.
Warranty
No warranty of merchantability or suitability to use is made or implied for the items listed on this sales invoice other than those warranties specifically outlined in the Gothic Cabinet Craft warranty. This warranty is valid only in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut on Gothic Cabinet Craft products as specified below. In no event shall Gothic Cabinet Craft be liable for special, indirect, incidental or consequential damages. Proper care and proper use are essential for preserving your rights under this warranty.
Because of the use of natural materials and the nature of handcrafted wood furniture, minor variations can occur from piece to piece. Therefore, this warranty does not cover such variations or differences between floor samples or printed illustrations and your furniture. This warranty does not cover “as is” items or purchased items from any other source other than the current authorized Gothic Cabinet Craft dealer. Any product modification by the dealer or the consumer not authorized by Gothic Cabinet Craft in writing will void this warranty.
Wood furniture will have natural variations in grain and color, and inherent characteristics such as mineral streaks, pitch pickets, tiger stripping, and insect marks, which are not considered quality defects. Slight variations in appearance that result from the normal expansion and contraction of wood as it responds to climatic changes in the home are not covered under the warranty. Normal wear and tear or damages which result from improper care, accidents, abuse or negligence are not covered by the warranty.
Items Manufactured By Gothic Cabinet Craft
Gothic Cabinet Craft will repair or replace any Gothic manufactured product or component that is defective in material or workmanship for as long as you, the original purchaser, own it. Excluded are normal wear and tear (including dents, scratches and finish), negligence or misuse and damage caused by moving or shipping furniture and discountinued items. Knots and natural wood imperfections are not covered. Warranty is only valid when furniture is finished by Gothic. For New York City (five Boroughs), Nassau and Suffolk County customers only, Gothic Cabinet Craft will replace or repair the furniture at no charge for the first year after the purchase. After the first year, and for customers outside of NYC (five Boroughs), Nassau and Suffolk County, if the customer brings the item to our Maspeth Factory for repair, there is no charge, but a travel and/or delivery/pick up fee will apply for in home repairs or pick-ups. Valid only on purchases made on or after 8/1/2010 and your order must be registered on line at www.gothiccabinetcraft.com within 30 days of the day you receive your furniture for the warranty to be in effect for Gothic manufactured items. Custom made orders, floor samples, and/or floor models are not covered by this warranty.
Items Sourced By Gothic Cabinet Craft
All other items sold but not manufactured by Gothic Cabinet Craft are warranted for 30 days from the delivery date.
Our glass components are warranted to be free from defects in workmanship, materials, and construction for one year. Minor scratches, air bubbles, surface waviness or lightly pitted areas occur naturally during glass manufacture, and are not considered quality defects. Normal wear and tear, damages which result from improper use, improper care, accidents, abuse or negligence are not covered by the warranty. Claims for defects or missing parts must be made within 30 days.
Our mechanical components are warranted to be free from defects in workmanship, materials, and construction for one year. Normal wear and tear, damages which result from improper use, improper care, accidents, abuse or negligence are not covered by the warranty.
All mattresses & sofas sold by Gothic Cabinet Craft are warranted solely by the original manufacturer’s warranty. Gothic Cabinet Craft reserves the right not to accept any returns on mattresses that have been removed from their original packaging or if Gothic Cabinet Craft determines that the mattress has been improperly used or exposed to any infestation.
A copy of the warranty is available upon request or on line at www.gothiccabinetcraft.com.
Wood and Finish Variations
Since no two trees are identical, woods can be expected to differ both in color and graining. The natural wood finish of fine furniture owes much of its charm to these variations in color tones and grain characteristics. In respect to the above, we cannot be responsible for variations in the color tone and graining in our furniture.
Standard Care Procedures
Keep furniture away from direct sunlight and avoid temperature variations caused by heating and air conditioning sources.Dust regularly with a slightly damp cotton cloth (not wet).Polish and clean as needed to remove any accumulated smudges or pollutants.Do not place anything hot directly on furniture.Protect table tops with mats or pads.
Cancellation and Returns : Stock Items
No refunds, only store credit.If Gothic Cabinet Craft accepts a cancellation or return, it will be subjected to a mini­mum 25% of selling price restocking charge. 45% for finished orders, custom orders, and special order items.Floor sample merchandise is sold “As Is,” “Final Sale,” and cannot be cancelled or returned. “As Is” merchandise is sold with no warranty of any kind.No cancellations or store credit on custom and special orders.
Cancellation and Returns : Custom Orders & Special Order Items
You, the buyer, may cancel this order at any time prior to midnight of the third business day of the transaction. For further information on cancellations, refer to the Notice of Cancellation form (provided upon request) for an explanation of this right. Once, the three day cancellations window has passed, Gothic Cabinet Craft will not authorize any cancellations nor will store credit be issued.
Payments
A $20.00 fee will be charged for any check returned for nonsufficient funds.A 33% non-refundable deposit is required to place an order. For custom orders, a 50% non-refundable deposit is required. If Gothic Cabinet Craft is required to take on-site measurements, a $200 non-refundable deposit is required for a Gothic representative to visit the specific location. If the deposit is made by a personal check we need two weeks before an order can be processed.The balance is due in cash or certified check on delivery. At our option we may require payment in full before we deliver. (We will usually require payment before delivery on specialized jobs, larger than usual balances, or out of N.Y.C. shipments. However, we reserve the right to require advance payment on any job). You may, of course, come to our factory to inspect the work before you pay.
Delivery
A re-delivery charge fee equal to the delivery charge will be applied for any reason not caused by Gothic Cabinet Craft.Delivery must be accepted within 10 days of notice of availability to schedule. Unclaimed orders will be charged 10% of selling price of storage fee per month pro-rated. Gothic Cabinet Craft may cancel unclaimed goods after 30 days with a 10% restocking charge.At least 48 hours must be given to reschedule a delivery or incur a charge equal to the delivery fee.Twenty-four hours notice is requested for customer to pick up merchandise at the store or warehouse facility.Estimated delivery date and time is only an estimate of the approximate date orders are expected to arrive and can vary depending upon availability. Call the store for actual dates and time for your order. Gothic reserves the right to delay delivery, after notifying the customer, if the item is oversold or production is delayed. Please call your store of purchase for order information. Arrival dates and other information are not available from the delivery center.If an elevator delivery is planned, and what you order is too big to fit in the elevator, or the elevator is not working or is closed or unavailable, we are under no obligation to walk up more than two flights of stairs. There will be an extra charge for walk-ups when an elevator delivery is planned.If what you order is too big to fit into your apartment, we are absolutely under no obligation to take it back. We are not under any obligation to alter it on location nor to deliver it in any unusual way (hoisting, on top of elevator, through windows or any other manner).On the specified delivery date, the customer must have someone available to receive and sign for the delivery. We cannot specify any time of day for the delivery.
We provide the following services for our delivery:
A phone call before the scheduled delivery to confirm the delivery appointment.Complimentary partial delivery of your order in case the items are not available.Provision of a 4-6 hour window.Accepting of certified checks or cash at the time of delivery for COD deliveries. (Please no personal checks).Credit cards will not be accepted at time of delivery, and must be made 24 hours prior to the delivery at the store where you made the purchase.
Certificate of Insurance:
If you live in a residential complex, your building may require a certificate of insurance. It is your responsibility to notify us if your building requires a certificate of insurance. For your convenience, we are happy to obtain the certificate of insurance free of charge for the initial delivery date. For all subsequent requests for a certificate of insurance, there will be a $25 administrative fee.
Attention!
You must give at least 48 hours notice to reschedule a delivery or incur a charge equal to your original delivery fee. Please call your store of purchase for order status information. Arrival dates and other information are not available from the delivery center.
Service
If you find a problem with your furniture that you feel is covered by our warranty, contact the store in which you placed your order. You will need your dated sales receipt to initiate the service process. The remedies provided to the customer under this warranty will be to repair or replace the defective part or product. Gothic Cabinet Craft reserves the right to decide the appropriate remedy. If we decide to replace a product we no longer sell, we will replace it with a comparable product. If no one is home for service, there is a recharge of $50.
Separate
All clerical errors are subject to correction.Any exceptions to the terms and conditions must be approved in writing by management.There are absolutely no refunds. Only store credit may be issued.
Layaway
Ask store for layaway contract.
Customer Photo and Video Sharing Terms of Conditions
These Terms of Use govern your conduct associated with the Customer Photo and Video Sharing service offered by GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT (the "CPVS Service"). To the extent there is any conflict between GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT's Privacy Policy and these Terms of Use, these Terms of Use shall control with respect to the CPVS Service.
By submitting any content to GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT, you represent and warrant that:
you are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights thereto;
all "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you;
all content that you post is accurate;
you are at least 13 years old;
use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree and warrant that you shall not submit, upload, post, transmit or distribute any content:
that is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading;
that infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy;
that violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing export control, consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising);
that is, or may reasonably be considered to be, abusive, obscene, profane, indecent, defamatory, libelous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation;
for which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party;
that includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, passwords, contact information or phone numbers;
that contains any computer viruses, spyware, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
For any content that you submit, you grant GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and license to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, and/or distribute such content, and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you. You further agree that GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT shall have the unrestricted right to use any ideas or information contained in any content that you submit, or materials or ideas similar to them, in any medium, now and in the future, without notice, compensation or other obligation to you or any other person. You further release and waive all claims against GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT with respect to any intellectual property or other proprietary rights, rights of publicity and privacy, rights of attribution, or any other liability under the governing law of the United States.
Any content that you submit to GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT may or may not be published or used by GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT. GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT reserves the right to edit, condense or delete any submitted content that is ultimately posted on GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT's website if GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT deems, in its sole discretion, that such content violates these Terms of Use. GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT to edit or delete any content you have submitted. GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT may also need to provide disclosures with respect to any content submitted and published by GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT. GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission for any reason. You acknowledge that you, not GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
By submitting a photo or video, you agree that GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT may contact you about your photo or video and for other administrative purposes. GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT may share your comments [along with identifying information] to our third-party service providers, solely for customer service purposes. By submitting a photo or video, any information you submit may be directed to a third party site administered and hosted by a third party vendor retained by GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT provided that, in such event, the third party vendor will have no right to use any such information other than uses necessary to fulfill its services to GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT.
GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES ABOUT THE PHOTO OR VIDEO SUBMISSION PROCESS, OR ANY RELATED WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE PHOTO AND VIDEO SUBMISSION PROCESS IS MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THEY WILL BE FREE OF DEFECTS. Under no circumstances shall GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT and/or its affiliates be liable for any damages or injury, including any direct, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages, that may result from the use of, or inability to use, the photo and video submission process, or any related website, whether in an action of contract, tort, strict liability or negligence, or other actions, arising out of or in connection with the use or performance of the photo and video submission process, or any related website, even if GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT has been advised of the possibility of such damages. These include but are not limited to damages or injury caused by error, omission, interruption, defect, failure of performance, delay in operation or transmission, line failure or computer virus, worm, Trojan horse or other harmful component.
You agree to indemnify and hold GOTHIC CABINET CRAFT (and their respective officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Rivet Works, Inc.), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
These Terms of Use and their enforcement shall be governed by the laws of the state of New York, excluding its conflict of laws provisions. You agree to submit to jurisdiction in New York and further agree that any cause of action arising under these Terms of Use may be brought in a court in Maspeth Queens in New York State and you hereby accept and submit to the personal jurisdiction of these courts with respect to any legal actions, suits or proceedings arising out of these Terms of Use.
License Numbers
Suffolk County Home Furnishings Licenses: 48092-HF & 50707-H
NYC Home Improvement License: 1440251 -HI
×
Best of
houzz 2020
Gothic Lifetime
Warranty
0% Financing
Available
On sale
Promotions & Coupons
Custom
Furniture Experts