https://www.mytinyworld.co.uk/dollshouse/contact-and-help-page.asp#co.1
View Shopping Cart
Empty Shopping Cart
Move to Wish List
Toggle navigation
Home
Shop
Contact
Home
Shop
News
Previews
Gallery
Contact
My Account
Sign InIf you already have an account Log in
Sign UpNo Account? Create one here.
Forgot password?Don't worry, it happens!
Blog
Live Views
Live Searches
Wish List
Resources
New
Info
Gifts
Help
Toggle navigation
Blog
Live Views
Live Searches
Wish List
Resources
New
Info
Gifts
Help
MyTinyWorld Information and Help
MyTinyWorld Info & Help
Checking Your Order & Help
Check your Order
Check Order Instructions
Ordering Information & Questions
How to Order
Payment Types
How to Change Currency Type
Order Confirmations
Product Info
Sizes
Product Scale
Handmade Tag
Product Search Tags
Material Types
Materials Overview
Materials List
Shipping Info
How We Ship
Shipping Rates
International Import Duties
Shipping Delays & Problems
Return Policy & Questions
Return Policy
Return Authorisation
Privacy Policy
View Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
View Terms and Conditions
Contact Information
Mailing and Returns Address:
MyTinyWorld
Unit 22 Ross Road
Northampton
NN5 5AX
United Kingdom
Email Address:
web@mytinyworld.co.uk
web@mytinyworld.co.uk
Telephone:
01604 589818
International Telephone:
+44 1604 589818
VAT Number:
GB946251907
Check Your Order Progress
Enter Order Details
Get these details from the copy of the order we emailed to you upon payment
Order ID
Order Number
Check Order
Check Order Instructions
To check your order you will need a copy of your order reciept which was emailed to you after you made your purchase as well as being displayed on the screen after paying.
Copy or type the short (5 or 6 digit) Order ID into the Order ID box to the left and then copy or type your longer Order Number in to the order number box to the left.
Click Check Order and you should be taken to your order.
If you get the message "Order Not Found", check you have correctly entered the numbers.
Please contact us if you require further assistance.
Ordering Information & Questions
How To Order
The easiest and most efficient way to place an order is to do so online. It is easy, safe and secure! Simply add the items you would like to purchase to your shopping cart and check out using our secure checkout system.
Customers who have registered an account with us have ability to add an unlimited amount of items to their cart, guest shoppers are limited to 35 different items until they register their account.
Customers can telephone orders through or write to us with their order if preffered.
Payment Types
We accept:
Visa
Mastercard
Discover
American Express
Paypal
Google Checkout
Postal Orders
Cheques/Checks
We accept payments in UK Pounds, US Dollars and Euros.
Cash can be sent but should be sent securely and is at the senders risk.
How to Change Currency Type
At any point you can change all displayed prices in to either UK Pounds, US Dollars or EU Euros by clicking on the appropriate flag at the top of the screen above the shopping cart link.
Order Confirmations
Throughout the process of your order you will recieve automated updates. These are;
1)Confirmation of order placement
2)Confirmation of payment / notice of failed payment
3)Confirmation your Order has been picked
4)Confirmation your Order has been check ready to be posted
5)Confirmation your Order has been posted
You can check the progress of your orders by either logging in to your account or by entering your order information in to the order checker at the bottom of the home page.
Product Info
Sizes
Where a size is given for a product this should be taken as an approximation as many of our products are handmade.
Please allow a couple of millimetres either way.
Just as in real life the same object, for example an apple, can be found in many different shapes and sizes.
We produce all our items to the same philosophy and believe this produces some of the best products around.
If you require that the items in your order are an exact size, or require identically shaped items to the same size please email us!
Product Scale
All of our products unless specified are producted in 1:12th and 1:24th scale.
1:12th scale products are 12 times smaller than the real item.
1 inch in miniature equals 12 inches in real life.
1:24th scale products are 24 times smaller than the real item.
1 inch in miniature equals 24 inches in real life.
Our Nail Art canes and slices and our craft knifes section are not miniature items. Our Nail art products are a mixtures of scales required to produce them in a size needed to fit nails.
Many of the fruit and vegetable slices from our Nail Art range is used in making miniature products for kitchen scenes.
Handmade Tag
Handmade means just that. If an items is showing as handmade each one is individually handmade and in many cases hand finished and painted.
These are produced by skilled craftsmen and women in UK and in our facilities abroad to the highest standards. If you buy multiple identicle items from our handmade ranges please allow for size and colour variation.
Large orders for handmade items can take significantly longer than our normal 24 hours order processing policy.
Product Search Tags
When you view one of our products in the detailed viwew you will see "Search by these related terms" appear at the bottom.
By click on these tags, the feature allows you to search for related products. Tags displayed can include date added to out catalogue, product designer, collection, material made from and other key words that are relevant.
Material Type
Materials Overview
We make our dolls house miniature and nail art products from many different materials. Items we buy from manufactuers also have many different materials in them. We felt it helpful to not only identify the main material used in product but whether it was hand made or machine made as this generally affects the overall quality.
Please note, the material identifer only identifies the main material - please read the description for further information. For example one of our glass and wood stands would be identify as being handmade from hard wood. The description would tell you the front and shelves are glass and the sliding doors to the rear acrylic.
Where a material is identified we do try to be accurate, but the material of manufacturer is only an opinion of the member of staff listing the item and is meant as guidance.
120gsm Matt PaperHigh quality paper perfect for our dolls house labels, seed packets and items requiring out thinnest photo paper with a low sheen finish.
It produces a high quality image, bright colours and is fade and moisture resistant.170gsm Matt PaperHigh quality paper perfect for our dolls house labels, seed packets and items requiring a thinner photo paper with a low sheen finish.
It produces a high quality image, bright colours and is fade and moisture resistant.200gsm Matt PaperHigh quality thick paper perfect for our dolls house wallpaper, cladding and flooring that requires a low sheen finish.
It produces a high quality image, bright colours and is fade and moisture resistant.200gsm Silk PaperHigh quality thick paper perfect for our dolls house wallpaper.
It produces a high quality image, bright colours and is fade and water resistant.350gsm Silk CardHigh quality photo grade card perfect for our dolls house tile sheets.
It produces a high quality image, bright colours and is fade and water resistant.
This material can be easily cut and any type of glue used to fix.AcrylicA type of plastic, normally transparent and predominantly used in our display counters.ADC And CeramicHandmade flexible Air Dried Clay products on a handmade ceramic plate or bowl. Where ceramic is painted this is also completed by hand.ADC BedsHandmade flexible Air Dried Clay flowers arranged in a permanently flexible soft clay base. ADC On CeramicHandmade flexible Air Dried Clay products in a handmade ceramic pot. Where ceramic is painted this is also completed by hand.ADC On ResinHandmade flexible Air Dried Clay products in a handmade resin pot or urn. ADC On WoodHandmade Air Dried Clay products on a handmade wood stand normally made from teak.
Ice, if present is made form clear plastic.Air Dried ClayMan made organic substance. Normally has a base of flour and PVA glue. Very intricate designs can be made. Clay is worked then left to dry and set in position before hand finishing. Items made from this clay remain flexible. AluminiumPressed aluminium provides a high quality, lightweight and affordable productBulk NylonMan made material which is cheap, strong and easy to clean.Bulk PaperA thinner paper used for printing mass produced, budget cladding papers.
View our 200gsm silk and matt paper prints for the best quality.CanvasHigh quality pigment inks are used to print images on to our museum grade 100% cotton canvas for professional results. Carbon SteelExtremely strong steel that retains sharp edges and resists rust and corrosion.Cast MetalCasting involves pouring liquid metal into a mold, which contains a hollow cavity of the desired shape, and then allowing it to cool and solidify. CeramicGood quality machine made ceramic items.
Designs are normally printed. Look for our handmade ceramics for best quality and hand painting.FabricWe use mixed fabrics from a variety of sources. Please be careful around naked flames. FIMO Air Dried ClayFine CeramicExtremely fine ceramic, every piece created by hand including any glazing and painting.Finished MetalHigh Quality metal normally has intricate detailing and hand finishing.Flexible PlasticGlassItems produced from normal glass are machine made and produce a good looking quality product. Look for handmade glass if the highest quality is desired. Handmade CeramicClay is mixed and poured into individual plaster moulds by hand.
Air dried, broken from the mould, fired and hand glazed and painted.Handmade GlassThis is made from hand blown glass painstakingly created individually by our master craftsmen and women. These are simply the best quality glass miniatures available.Hard WoodHighest quality wood available. Majority of our hard wood items are handmade from Teak, resulting in a solid, long life, quality product. High Res PaperSpecial paper designed to present images at or above photo quality resulting in fantastic detail and colours.Knitted WoolHigh quality products hand knitted in the UK from quality wool.
Every piece is unique, desirable and individually created.MahoganyThis tight grained hard wood has a rich and warm reddish brown colour and has been used for centuries to make quality furniture, cabinetry and wood items.Man MadeA flexible multi-layered material hand finished and used in our dolls house cladding range.Matt VinylHigh resolution water resistant self adhesive vinyl has a semi permanent self adhesive backing that will strongly adhere to non porous surfaces.
Low sheen matt finish.MDFMedium Density Fibreboard is a wood board made of small particles of compressed wood perfect for miniature furniture and structures.MetalThe main part of this product is made from metal, normally by machine, producing a durable and affordable product with a better finish than plastic items.MixedUsually made from a mix of metal and plastic by machine to produce a good quality, affordable product.Mixed ADCAir Dried Clay product on a wood, metal, resin or wicker base.
Ice, if present is made form clear plastic.Mixed HandmadeNormally used to describe our filled stands.
Food items are made from air dried clay presented in a wood stand with either glass or PVC
shelves and sides.
Crockery is ceramic and trays are metal where pictured.NylonVery fine nylon threads are used to create our very fine rugs and carpets. Tough, long lasting and easy to clean. Please be careful around naked flames.OrganicItems made from organic materials are based on products derived from plants / scrubs / trees.
Further processing including colourisation is likely to have been done.PaintAll of our vinyl and textured paints are lead free and selected for their ability to coat wood quickly and easily. PaperHigh quality photo paper and photo vinyl used in all our posters, packets and packaging ranges. Extremely high detail and colour reproduction giving some of the most realistic miniature prints available.Paper and AluminiumHigh quality authentic, reproduced labels on an aluminium can with removable lid. PlasticLow cost, durable and versatile material used to keep costs down and produce larger quantities of items.Polymer ClayThis is a man made clay that when cured, normally by cooking, turns into a very durable, longlife water resistant substance. Itmes made from this will not fade, have a degree of flexibility and can be sliced. ResinHigh Quality Water Clear resin is UV resistant to help prevent yellowing and is ultra clear to allow all item details to be seen. Tough, waterproof, clear and longlasting and normally used with other materials.RubberSelf Adhesive VinylHigh resolution water resistant self adhesive vinyl has a semi permanent self adhesive backing that will strongly adhere to non porous surfaces.
Finish may be Matt, Silk or Gloss.Shaped MetalSheets of aluminium individually cut and shaped by hand resulting in high quality precision products.Silicone RubberProducts made from this material are flexible, durable and of highest quality.Stirling SilverAll of our silver is stirling 925 - 92.5% silver content.StoneProduced from natural stone and processed to change size, colour and shape.Strip WoodHigh quality, beautifully grained strip wood is used for our hand crafted wood rangeVariousWalnutThis beautiful wood is hardwearing and resistant to damage and come in a broad range of colours and holds any stain well.White MetalThe main material in this product is white metal, normally cast by hand, tin based and lead free. Final product is a durable and high quality piece. WickerWoodGeneral mixed type bulk wood used to make furniture and accessories. Normally used in machine made miniatures. Look for products made from hard wood for the highest quality.Wood And GlassNormally used to describe our empty stands.
The main part of the unit is handmade from a hardwood, normally teak, with the shelves and unit front and sides made from glass.Wood And PlasticNormally used to describe our empty stands.
The main part of the unit is handmade from a hardwood, normally teak, with the shelves and unit front and sides made from a high quality glossy plastic.
Shipping Information
How We Ship Your Order
All items are shipped from our facility in Northampton, UK, directly to your specified shipping address either residence or business. All items in an order are picked and checked before being carefully packed in appropriate packaging.
All Domestic UK orders will ship via Royal Mail under 30GBP and UPS over 30GBP. International orders will ship via either UPS or Royal Mail International Signed For.
All international orders over 30GBP are shipped international signed for.
ALL orders to Italy are shipped International Signed For.
Shipping Costs
Shipping costs are automatically calculated by our systems as you add items into your basket based on the destination and weight.
Prices are based on Royal Mail and UPS Price Structures. We are required to charge VAT on shipping costs in accordance with UK Law.
You may request upgrades to your shipping service when checking out if you require domestic or international tracking.
International Import Duties
In some cases you may be required to pay local or national import duties or taxes to your local customs office. We have no means to determine in advance if you will be taxed or what these taxes may amount to. We recommend you contact your local customs office to determine if you will be required to pay any additional duties.
Any Duties due are the responsibility of the buyer and if an order is returned to us with unpaid customs charges this will be deducted from any refund given.
Shipping Delays and Problems
We recommend that you wait until the end of the estimated delivery time range before you inquire with us as to your order's status. While we have the utmost faith in our shipping and delivery partners, some delays and problems can occur from time to time. Below are some solutions and answers to some of the more common problems.
Delivery Delays
There are several common reasons a delivery is delayed, and in many cases results in the original shipment being returned to us. In all these cases you will be contacted immediately and the situation will be resolved.
Incorrect or invalid shipping address
Recipient unavailable to receive delivery
Shipment damaged/destroyed in transit
Customer has not collected parcel after carrier left a delivery card.
Lost Shipment
If you feel that your shipment has been lost, please contact us immediately and we will determine if it is actually lost or just delayed. If it is lost, a replacement order will be processed and shipped immediately. International orders are not deemed lost by carriers until 40 days after the shipping date. When 40 days has passed, an insurance claim will be filed and a replacement shipment will go out immediately, at no additional charge.
Paypal Disputes
If you use Paypal to pay for an order and you have a problem with the order DO NOT FILE A DISPUTE before contacting us and giving us an opportunity to rectify the situation.
If you do file a dispute without giving us a chance to sort out any problems we will PERMENANTELY ban you from placing an order on our group of websites.
Returns Policy
Information about returning items
All items are shipped from our facility in Northampton, UK, directly to your specified shipping address either residence or business. All items in an order are picked and checked before being carefully packed in appropriate packaging.
All Domestic UK orders will ship via Royal Mail under 30GBP and UPS over 30GBP. International orders will ship via either UPS or Royal Mail International Signed For.
All international orders over 30GBP are shipped international signed for.
ALL orders to Italy are shipped International Signed For.
Shipping Costs
Shipping costs are automatically calculated by our systems as you add items into your basket based on the destination and weight.
Prices are based on Royal Mail and UPS Price Structures. We are required to charge VAT on shipping costs in accordance with UK Law.
You may request upgrades to your shipping service when checking out if you require domestic or international tracking.
International Import Duties
In some cases you may be required to pay local or national import duties or taxes to your local customs office. We have no means to determine in advance if you will be taxed or what these taxes may amount to. We recommend you contact your local customs office to determine if you will be required to pay any additional duties.
Any Duties due are the responsibility of the buyer and if an order is returned to us with unpaid customs charges this will be deducted from any refund given.