http://www.lonestargiftbaskets.com/copyright-policy.html
Home
Wish List (%s)
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Log In Create an account
About Lone Star Gift Baskets
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright Policy
Texas Gift Baskets and Texas Themed Gifts
Gift and Gift Basket Frequently Asked Questions
Our Promise
Product Reviews and Company Recognition
Contact Us
Testimonials
Returns
Site Map
Tell a Friend
Brands
Brands
Gift Vouchers
Affiliates
Specials
Bestsellers
Latest Arrivals
Popular Gifts
All products
Order History
Newsletter
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright Policy
Texas Gift Baskets
Gift FAQ
Our Promise
Product Reviews
Contact Us
Testimonials
Site Map
» Copyright Policy
Copyright Policy
This website and content written or placed by Lone Star Gift Baskets
is copyright Lone Star Gift Baskets - © Lone Star Gift Baskets
2007-2017. All rights reserved. Any other 3rd party content on
this website is the property of its respective owners. From time to time
Lone Star Gift Baskets may place content and/or images from other
websites with their permission and place reciprocal links linking back
to those respective websites and owners. Lone Star Gift Baskets also uses articles and testimonials as content placed on this website by the user.
Lone Star Gift Baskets is in no way responsible for the accuracy or the
legitimacy of content from 3rd party websites or from user placed
content. We make every effort possible to review 3rd party and/or
user content before it is placed on Lonestargiftbaskets.com. Lone Star
Gift Baskets will reject any user submitted content that we feel is
copyrighted or deemed inappropriate. Furthermore, Lone Star Gift Baskets
will upon request and after review; remove any 3rd party content that
may be inappropriate or may have been overlooked.Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:• you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only•
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal
use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the
materialYou may not, except with our express written permission,
distribute or commercially exploit the content from
Lonestargiftbaskets.com. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any
other website or other form of electronic retrieval system. This
includes all 3rd party content which is up to the owners of this
content.DisclaimerThe information contained in
this website is for general information purposes only. The information
is provided by Lone Star Gift Baskets and whilst we endeavor to keep the
information up-to-date and correct, we make no representations or
warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness,
accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the
website or the information, products, services, or related graphics
contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such
information is therefore strictly at your own risk.In no event
will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation,
indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage
whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in
connection with, the use of this website.Through this website
you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control
of Lone Star Gift Baskets. We have no control over the nature, content
and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not
necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within
them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly.
However, Lone Star Gift Baskets takes no responsibility for, and will
not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to
technical issues beyond our control.