https://www.hush-uk.com/general/terms-conditions.html
Your cookies are disabled. To experience the full world of Hush, please enable these or check whether another program is blocking them. By enabling them, you are agreeing to our Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies. You can have a look at our Cookie Policy for information about what they are, why we use them and how to manage them. By continuing, you’re agreeing to accept them…
It looks like you're in country, click here to shop in your local currency.
Nightwear
Pyjamas
Slippers
Activewear
Gym Tops
Gym Leggings
Sports Bras
Shoes
View All
Boots
Slippers
Trainers
Accessories
View All
Bags
Belts
Face Masks
Glasses
Gloves
Hair Accessories
Hats
Scarves
Socks & Tights
Jewellery
Necklaces
Bracelets
Earrings
Gifting
View All
Candles
Cashmere
Christmas Jumpers
Christmas Outfits
Hats, Scarves & Gloves
Jewellery
Pyjamas
Shoes & Boots
Stocking Fillers
New This Week
The Hot List
Almost Gone
What You're Loving
Collections
Basics
Activewear
Denim
Leather
Editorial
Campaigns
Gifts
Our Story
Meet Mandy
Sustainability
About Us
Life at hush
Login
Favourites
UK
UK
INTERNATIONAL
Customer Service
Delivery
Returns
Sizing
Fabric & Care
FAQ
Sustainable Care
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Contact Us
Favourites
0
Login
0
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Delivery
Returns
Sizing
Fabric & Care
FAQ
Sustainable Care
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Contact Us
Introduction
The following terms and conditions govern the use of this website and outline the legal responsibilities and obligations that shall exist between you and hush homewear ltd (also referred hereafter as ‘we', ‘us', ‘our', ‘hush').
In placing an order on this website, you must have consented to – or are deemed to have read and agreed - these terms and conditions, as well as our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, please contact us on 0330 6781468.
Copyright & Trademark
The contents of these pages (including pictures, designs, logos, photographs, text written and other materials) are the copyright trademark or registered trademark of hush homewear ltd or its content and technology providers or their respective owners.
The copying, modification, distribution, reproduction, or incorporation into any other work of part or all of the material available on this website in any form is prohibited without express permission.
Conformity of Goods
While we take every care to ensure that the description and specification of our products on this site are correct, they are not binding and are intended only to give a general description of the products.
Furthermore, while we try to ensure their accuracy, the colours shown on the website can vary depending on a number of factors, not least your computer screen and display settings.
Placing an Order
All orders are subject to acceptance and product availability. Availability information for products is listed on each individual product page.
Once you have placed an order we will send you an email confirming that your order has been received, but this is not a confirmation that your offer to purchase the goods has been accepted.
A contract between you and hush for the sale of our products will only exist once an order has been despatched to you. A separate email will be sent to you confirming the despatch of the item(s).
If for any reason we are unable to fulfil any part of the order, we will notify you as soon as is practical and refund your card within 7 days of so doing. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Prices and availability of goods are subject to change without notice. The advertised delivery charge will be added to your order value unless otherwise stated.
When placing an order, you undertake that the information you give is accurate and complete.To amend an order or delivery address, please contact us immediately. We will do our best to make amendments prior to despatch, but we cannot guarantee changes can be made once an order is processed.
If you place an order for an item that is on pre-order, your credit/debit card will be charged for the full value of the goods at the time of the order.
The despatch dates shown on pre-order items are as accurate as we can make them and are updated regularly. However, until those items are in our warehouse, the dates are subject to change.
Payment & Taxes
All prices are quoted in pounds sterling and for orders placed within the EU are inclusive of VAT. If your order is being delivered outside of the EU, VAT will not be charged but the selling price will remain the same.
If your order is exempt from VAT, you must request that the VAT element be removed in the 'Notes to hush' section when placing an order. We cannot refund VAT retrospectively.
We accept online payment in a secure environment by credit card, debit card, PayPal or hush gift voucher. We currently accept Visa, Mastercard, Visa Delta, Maestro, Visa Electron and Solo.
Delivery
All in stock items are despatched from our warehouse as soon as possible and usually within two working days of the order being accepted.
However, the delivery period stated within which you will receive your order (and the expected delivery date) are indicative and, unless otherwise stated, not guaranteed. Goods will be sent to the address given by you in your order.
In the event that an item within your order is out of stock (and this was not apparent when you placed your order), we will notify you of the delay and despatch it as soon as it arrives at no additional cost. In stock items will be despatched as normal.
If your delivery address is outside of the EU, your order may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once a shipment reaches your country. This is outside of our control and it is your responsibility to meet these charges.
Please note, customs policies vary widely from country to country. We recommend you contact your local customs office for further information. Please also note international shipments may be subject to cross-border inspections by customs authorities.
For our current delivery policy, please see here.
Returns Policy
You have the right to return most items bought from our website as long as you do so within 28 days and the items reach us in a resellable condition – unwashed, unworn (except for the purposes of trying on) and with the original tags attached. This is in addition to your right to cancel which is detailed in the next section.
For hygiene reasons we do not accept returns of earrings, knickers, perishable items (such as chocolate, hot chocolate, tea, soap and nail polish etc.), DVDs, gift boxes or items that have been customised or personalised.
We have no obligation to refund or exchange any item if it is on the list above or is returned outside of the advertised returns period. In those circumstances, we will typically send the item or items back to you at our cost. However, we reserve the right to charge you the cost of postage.
Any items purchased as a gift between Monday 26th October and Thursday 24th December can be returned to us for a full refund until Wednesday 6th January 2021.
For our current returns policy please see here.
Your Right to Cancel
You may normally cancel this contract in writing within 14 days of placing the order. Items must be returned to hush within 14 days of reciept of your order. If you do cancel the contract within this time, and your order has been despatched, any payments made by you will be refunded in full within 10 days of us receiving back the returned products.
This right to cancel does not include enhancements to your order such as expedited delivery options or gift boxes or items that fall outside of our returns policy, so – for instance - a refund on your delivery cost will only apply to our UK Standard postage service.
Please note also that you are liable to cover the cost of return postage to us unless a pre-paid label is included in your order and all items must be returned according to the terms and conditions of our returns policy.
Product Information
We have made every effort to make sure we accurately display every product on our website. However, actual colours may vary depending on calibration of your monitor, and we cannot guarantee this will reflect the true likeness of product on delivery.
We also take great care to make sure all product information, including measurements are accurate. We reserve the right to refuse orders where information has been mis-published, including pricing and promotions.
Special Offers & Promotions
From time to time, we run special offers and promotions. We will publish the specific terms and conditions of each promotion, but unless otherwise stated the following will apply.
Special offers cannot be used in conjunction with any other promotion nor are they valid for the purchase of sale items, gift vouchers or multi-buy products.
If a promotion is valid only for orders over a certain amount, that amount does not include delivery or the cost of a gift box.
Promotion codes cannot be added into an order retrospectively.
FREE GIFTS: If a free gift is added to orders over a certain amount and items are returned so that the order is under the threshold amount, that gift must be returned or it will be charged at the advertised amount.
The same is true of any promotion triggered by a spending threshold. If the items returned mean that the retained part of the order no longer qualifies for the discount, the returned items will be refunded to account for this shortfall.
FREE DELIVERY AND RETURNS: Unless otherwise stated, all free delivery and free returns promotions are limited to UK addresses. Free delivery applies to UK standard delivery only.
GIFT SETS, MULTI-BUYS AND BUNDLES: In order to receive a full refund, all items that were purchased as part of the gift set must be returned. In the event your gift set contains non refundable items such as earrings, knickers or perishable goods such as chocolate, please return the refundable elements of the gift set and we will apportion the refund as appropriate on eligible items.
Free UK Standard delivery with code WINTER20 when you spend under £50: Code not valid on orders over £50. Orders over £50 automatically qualify for free UK Standard delivery.
Sale & Promotions
Because of the sheer volume of orders received during sale time, we can occasionally oversell. If that happens, we will send out everything we can immediately and will fulfil the rest as soon as we are able to do so.
All orders during sale periods are packaged in sale packaging. During promotional periods all orders under £150 are also packaged in sale packaging.
Crisis Donation
We will donate 20% of net proceeds to Crisis charity for all purchases made at hush homewear Ltd. between 00.01am Friday 27th November and 23.59pm Friday 27th November 2020. Crisis registered charity numbers: E&W1082947, SC040094.
Free Standard Delivery On All Orders
Free UK Standard Delivery/Collection on all orders. No code needed, automatically applied at checkout. Offer valid from 00.01AM GMT 27th November 2020 until 23.59PM GMT 30th November 2020. After this time, Standard Delivery/Collection will revert back to free on orders over £50, or a £3.90 charge for orders under this amount. No adjustments on previous purchases. Cannot be used in conjunction with any other offer. hush reserve the right to amend or cancel this promotion without notice.
Daily Order Giveaway
One customer per day will be chosen at random to receive their order for free (via a full refund excluding any shipping costs). Order must be placed on HUSH-UK.COM. Offer runs every day from 24.11.2020 until 29.11.2020. Customers must have a valid, verifiable name and address to be eligible for entry. All customers who place an order will be automatically added to the prize draw. The winner will be notified via email and/or phone. If the customer fails to accept their prize within thirty (30) days, they will be disqualified, and a new winner will be chosen at random from the pool of eligible participants. hush reserve the right to amend or withdraw this offer at any time.
Nominations Giveaway
1.	The prize for this competition is provided by hush and selected partners.
Brownsword Hotels
Overnight stay at Amberley Castle, for 1 winner plus 1 guest, including breakfast and 1x hush flannel pyjamas.
• The prize is subject to availability and excludes Saturday night stays. The hotel is currently closed on Monday & Tuesday nights.
• Prize is valid for stays between 20 November 2020 – 31 March 2021, excluding 9 December 2020 – 5 January 2021 and Sunday 14 February 2021.
• The prize must be booked by 28 February 2021 and must be booked at least two weeks in advance. Dates cannot be amended once booked.
• The prize excludes anything in addition to that stipulated and any extras must be paid for on departure by the prize winner or guest.
• Enter via the website by nominating a friend here. Entry to win this prize begins on 18th December 2020, 7:00pm and closes at 11:59pm on 20th December 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Brownsword Hotels
Overnight stay at Minster Mill, for 1 winner plus 1 guest, including breakfast and 1x hush flannel pyjamas.
• The prize is subject to availability and excludes Saturday night stays. The hotel is currently closed on Monday & Tuesday nights.
• Prize is valid for stays between 20 November 2020 – 31 March 2021, excluding 9 December 2020 – 5 January 2021 and Sunday 14 February 2021.
• The prize must be booked by 28 February 2021 and must be booked at least two weeks in advance. Dates cannot be amended once booked.
• The prize excludes anything in addition to that stipulated and any extras must be paid for on departure by the prize winner or guest.
• Enter via the website by nominating a friend here. Entry to win this prize begins on 18th December 2020, 7:00pm and closes at 11:59pm on 20th December 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Kitchen Table
7-course tasting menu plus a bottle of Oliver Horiot champagne and 1x hush dress.
• Prize is available nationwide in England and Wales. Delivery of perishable items into Scotland and Northern Ireland is not available.
• The winner will receive a text and email on the day of delivery with a delivery window. If you require delivery before noon on a Friday, there is an option to upgrade the delivery service for an added charge.
• Final orders for the same week delivery must be placed by MIDNIGHT on Sundays. In the event you completed your order after the cut-off time, your delivery will be with you on the Friday of the following week. If you have a deadline by which you need your order, or live outside of the delivery zones outlined above, please get in touch with Kitchen Table and they will do their best to accommodate you.
• Please note Kitchen Table use a third-party delivery company to deliver your order.
• Enter via the website by nominating a friend here. Entry to win this prize begins on 4th December 2020, 7:00pm and closes at 11:59pm on 6th December 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Sipsmith
‘Sip at Home’ virtual masterclass for 2 people, including delivery of the ingredients for 2 different cocktails along with a live virtual cocktail masterclass, hosted by Sipsmith as well as 1x hush top and 1x piece of hush jewellery.
• Prize is 1x voucher suitable for 2 people to the winner’s choice of the following Sipsmith Sip at Home virtual events: 19th November, 26th November, 3rd December, 10th December, 17th December. Full details on each event can be found here.
• Prize must be redeemed by emailing tours@sipsmith.com; the booking cut-off date for each experience is the Friday prior to the event.
• Standard Sipsmith terms and conditions available to read here.
• Enter via the website by nominating a friend here. Entry to win this prize begins on 6th November 2020, 7:00pm and closes at 11:59pm on 8th November 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Design Vintage
£50 vouchers and 1x hush candle and 1x hush Arundel slippers.
• Voucher can be redeemed in store or online.
• The gift card has no expiry date.
• Enter via the website by nominating a friend here. Entry to win this prize begins on 13th November 2020, 7:00pm and closes at 11:59pm on 15th November 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
2.	You must be over 18 to enter into this competition and to claim the prize.
3.	Directors, officers and employees (or any of their direct relatives) of hush, or any other person or party involved in organisation of the competition are not eligible to enter into this prize draw or claim the prize.
4.	By entering the competition, entrants confirm that they have read and agree to be bound by these terms & conditions and by the decisions of hush, which are final in all matters relating to the prizes. Failure to do so will result in the forfeiture of the prize. No correspondence will be entered into.
5.	By entering this competition you agree to the terms and conditions of the privacy statement that govern how your information will be processed which can be found at https://www.hush-uk.com/general/privacy-policy.html.
6.	If you win the prize, you agree to provide hush with all information reasonably requested in order for hush to substantiate your identity, age and place of residence.
7.	Except as otherwise required by applicable law, hush is not responsible for any loss or damage associated with you entering into these terms and conditions, prize draw, or the provision of any aspect of the prize or any act or omission of any other person or party, and all warranties, conditions and representations (of any kind) not expressly set out in these terms and conditions are hereby excluded (except in the case of fraud).
8.	hush may terminate these terms and conditions and the prize draw if any circumstances beyond hush's reasonable control prevent or restrict hush or any other person or party from providing the prize or any aspect of the prize.
9.	The prize is non-transferable. No cash alternatives are available. hush and partners reserve the right to substitute the prize as products are subject to availability.
10.	Winners will be notified via email within 10 days of the closing date. If the winner(s) cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner. Prizes will be distributed within 14 days of selecting and announcing the winner (unless prize is not immediately available).
11.	The terms of the competition and how to enter via social media are as follows:
Sipsmith
• Enter via social by commenting and tagging someone on the post published Friday 6th November on Facebook or Instagram.
• The competition opens on 6th November 2020 7:00pm and closes at 11.59pm on 8th November 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Design Vintage
• Enter via social by commenting and tagging someone on the post published Friday 13th November on Facebook or Instagram.
• The competition opens on 13th November 2020 7:00pm and closes at 11.59pm on 15th November 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Kitchen Table
• Enter via social by commenting and tagging someone on the post published Friday 4th December on Facebook or Instagram.
• The competition opens on 4th December 2020 7:00pm and closes at 11.59pm on 6th December 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
Brownsword Hotels
• Enter via social by commenting and tagging someone on the post published Friday 18th December on Facebook or Instagram.
• The competition opens on 18th December 2020 7:00pm and closes at 11.59pm on 20th December 2020. Entries made after this time will not be counted.
12.	The winners will be notified by a DM on Instagram or Facebook within 10 days of the closing date. If the winner(s) cannot be contacted or do not claim the prize within 14 days of notification, we reserve the right to withdraw the prize from the winner and pick a replacement winner.
13.	This competition is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook or any other Social Network. You are providing your information to hush and not to any other party. The information provided will be used in conjunction with the following Privacy Policy found at https://www.hush-uk.com/general/privacy-policy.html.
14.	Personal information shared with us will not be used for marketing purposes and will be stored securely.
Face masks
hush will donate £5 from the purchase of each Face Mask to NHS Charities Together - a charity supporting NHS staff, volunteers and patients affected by Covid-19 right across the UK, from 16th July 2020, until 30th June 2021. Registered Charity Number - 1186569. Company Number: 12325259.
Ratings & Reviews
These Terms of Use govern your conduct associated with the Customer Ratings and Reviews and/or Questions and Answers service offered by hush (the "CRR Service").
By submitting any content to hush, you guarantee that:
• You are the sole author and owner of the intellectual property rights in the content.
• All "moral rights" that you may have in such content have been voluntarily waived by you.
• All content that you post is accurate and over 50 characters.
• You are at least 18 years old.
• Use of the content you supply does not violate these Terms of Use and will not cause injury to any person or entity.
You further agree that you may not submit any content:
• That is known by you to be false, inaccurate or misleading
• That infringes any third party's copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights or rights of publicity or privacy
• That violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation (including, but not limited to, those governing consumer protection, unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising)
• That is, or may reasonably be considered to be, defamatory, libellous, hateful, racially or religiously biased or offensive, unlawfully threatening or unlawfully harassing to any individual, partnership or corporation.
• For which you were compensated or granted any consideration by any third party.
• That includes any information that references other websites, addresses, email addresses, contact information or phone numbers.
• That contains any computer viruses, worms or other potentially damaging computer programs or files.
You agree to indemnify and hold hush (and its officers, directors, agents, subsidiaries, joint ventures, employees and third-party service providers, including but not limited to Bazaarvoice, Inc.), harmless from all claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown including reasonable lawyers' fees, arising out of a breach of your representations and warranties set forth above, or your violation of any law or the rights of a third party.
For any content that you submit, you grant hush a perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable right and licence to use, copy, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from and/or sell and/or distribute such content and/or incorporate such content into any form, medium or technology throughout the world without compensation to you.
All content that you submit may be used at hush's sole discretion. hush reserves the right to change, condense, withhold publication, remove or delete any content on hush's website that hush deems, in its sole discretion, to violate the content guidelines or any other provision of these Terms of Use.
hush does not guarantee that you will have any recourse through hush to edit or delete any content you have submitted.
Ratings and written comments are generally posted within two to four business days. However, hush reserves the right to remove or to refuse to post any submission to the extent authorised by law.
You acknowledge that you, not hush, are responsible for the contents of your submission. None of the content that you submit shall be subject to any obligation of confidence on the part of hush, its agents, subsidiaries, affiliates, partners or third-party service providers and their respective directors, officers and employees.
Ratings & Reviews Prize Draw
To enter, simply write a review of any product on www.hush-uk.com that you've purchased (from hush-uk.com or John Lewis Partnership) and you will be entered into the prize draw for every review completed.
The monthly prize draw will take place on the last day of every month. There will be one prize each month, the prize being a £50 voucher. The winner will be chosen at random and notified by email within 14 days of the draw.
In the event that the winner refuses acceptance, cannot accept the prize for any reason or if hush is unable to make contact with the winner within 14 days of the draw, hush reserves the right to re-draw the prize and award it to an alternative winner. The prize is as is and is non-transferable and no cash alternative is available.
Disclaimer & Limitations Of Liability
hush homewear ltd does not seek to exclude or limit liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence or that of its members, agents, directors or employees or for any fraudulent misrepresentation.
To the fullest extent permitted by law and save as provided above, hush homewear ltd shall not be liable to you by reason of any representation, or any implied warranty, condition or other term, or any duty at common law, or under the express terms of the contract, or in negligence (whether on the part of hush homewear ltd or any of its members, agents, directors, employees or otherwise) for any indirect, special or consequential loss or damage (including but not limited to loss of profit or loss of saving), costs, expenses or other claims for compensation whatsoever which arise out of or in connection with the use of this website, the supply of the products or their use or resale by you.
While hush homewear ltd uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the information on this website is accurate and up-to-date, it does not give any warranty as to its accuracy or completeness and hush homewear ltd will not be responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results arising from the use of such information.
While hush homewear ltd takes all reasonable steps to ensure a fast and reliable service, it does not guarantee that your use of this website will be interruption or error free and will not be responsible for any disruption, loss of or corruption of any material in transit, or loss of or corruption of material or data when downloaded onto any computer system.
Further, hush homewear ltd will not be responsible nor liable for your use of any other websites which you may access via links within this website. hush homewear ltd does not control these websites and is not responsible for their content. Any such links are provided merely as a service to users of this website and their inclusion in this website does not constitute an endorsement by or affiliation with hush homewear ltd.
The entire liability of hush homewear ltd under or in connection with any contract for any products to which these conditions apply shall not exceed the price of the products, except as expressly provided in these conditions.
hush homewear ltd will not be liable to you or be deemed to be in breach of these terms and conditions or any other contract with you by reason of any delay in performing, or any failure to perform, any of its obligations in relation to the products ordered by you if the delay or failure was due to any cause beyond its reasonable control.
hush homewear ltd may assign or transfer any of its rights or sub-contract any of its obligations under these terms and conditions to any third party. You may not assign or transfer any of your rights or sub-contract any of your obligations under these terms and conditions except with the specific permission in writing of hush homewear ltd.
No person who is not a party to these terms and conditions shall have any right to enforce any term under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. Nothing in these conditions is intended nor shall affect any of your statutory rights that may not be legally excluded.
Law & Territory
These Terms and Conditions and your use of our website are governed by English law and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English court. This does not affect your non-excludable statutory rights.
This website and our Terms and Conditions have been designed for use within the United Kingdom and under UK law. Whilst we are happy to consider requests for products and enquiries from outside the United Kingdom, we give no warranty, express or implied, that the use of this website or the placing of any order through this website from outside the UK complies with any applicable non-UK laws or regulations. Accordingly, any products or promotions not permitted under your local law are not offered to you.
Data Collection & Storage
Please see our Privacy Policy here.
Data Sharing
Please see our Privacy Policy here.
Cookies
Please see our Cookie Policy here.
Further Information
If you wish to discuss our terms and conditions in more detail, please call us (during office hours) on 0330 678 1468.
Globale
We have partnered with Global E, a third-party service acting as your seller-on-record, so you can buy and ship your hush order to your desired location. When you buy hush products from Global E, you will see that your payment method is charged as GLOBAL E, and the purchase is subject to Global E's Terms and Conditons and Privacy Policy which will be clearly presented in checkout before you place your order.
Our Details
hush homewear ltd
Unit 37-38 Spaces Business Centre
Ingate Place
London
SW8 3NS
Company Registration Number: 04791362
VAT Registration Number: GB 351 0207 52
Registered in England & Wales.
Back to top