http://www.treesfortheholyland.com/pages/tree-memorial-gift-privacy-policy
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Add description, images, menus and links to your mega menu
A column with no settings can be used as a spacer
Link to your collections, sales and even external links
Add up to five columns
Privacy Statement
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
AUTOMATIC COLLECTION
Trees for the Holy Land measures the performance of our website in order to improve and customize it. During your visit to our website, we may automatically collect and store your device’s operating system and browser software, your domain and host, the date and time you arrived at our website and how long you spent on the website and which pages you viewed, your IP address, and the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to us, if applicable.
PERSONAL CONTACT INFORMATION
In addition to using the information referenced above to fulfill your order, we also retain your name, postal address, email address, telephone number, and purchase information, along with the shipping name and address from your order. We use this to process your order and to respond to your inquiries. We also may send tree-planting newsletters to you no more than 4 times per year.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies personalize the future use you make of the site. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies are harmless in that they cannot extract information from your hard disk, over which you have full control. This technology does not systematically place personal information about you at Trees for the Holy Land’s disposal. It is always possible to no longer be subject to cookies by modifying your computer’s configuration.
This website may use marketing services to advertise on third party websites (including Google and Facebook) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an inquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on a Google search results page, or a site in the Facebook network or Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Facebook and Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to Trees for the Holy Land’s website. Any data collected will be used in accordance with our own Privacy Notice, and Facebook or Google’s privacy policy.
LINKS
When you click on links on our website, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy notices.
THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
Certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. If you elect to proceed with a purchase transaction, it involves the services of a third-party service provider, and your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and as your purchase transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Notice or our website’s Terms of Use.
DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so, or if you violate our Terms of Use.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Trees for the Holy Land to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to service@treesfortheholyland.com
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act took effect April 2000 and pertains to websites directed toward children less than 13 years of age. Our website is a general audience site. We do not send email correspondence to anyone who tells us that they are under the age of 13. We ask that children do not submit information to us without the consent of a parent or guardian.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Notice at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this Notice, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
THIS PRIVACY NOTICE WAS LAST UPDATED ON OCTOBER 18, 2018
JOIN THE INNER CIRCLE