http://www.strawberrynet.co.uk/en-gb/customer-service/privacy-security/
We're around to deliver your order safely. However, due to the current situation, your order may be delayed and a 2.5% freight surcharge will be applied at checkout.
Don't miss 10% Off + 4% Points on your first order! Sign up now>>
StrawberryNET
£ GBP United Kingdom: English
EnglishShow all countries / regions
Order Tracking
AccountFavouritesPoint RewardsOrdersReviewsCommissionSettings
Get 10% Off
Sign out
Sign in
WishlistTo add to Wishlist, please register or sign in.
0Bag
SHOP BY BRAND
SKINCARE
MAKEUP
HAIRCARE
PERFUME
MEN'S SKINCARE
MEN'S AFTERSHAVE
HOME SCENTS
NATURAL BEAUTY
SPECIALS
Shop All Specials >
NEW
SHOP BY BRAND
SKINCARE
PERFUME
HOME SCENTS
MAKEUP
MEN'S SKINCARE
SPECIALS
HAIRCARE
MEN'S AFTERSHAVE
WHAT'S NEW
FREE WORLDWIDE SHIPPING. Conditions apply
HELP WITH ORDER
FAQs
Contact Us
Shipping & Taxes
Discounts & Promotions
Returns & Cancellations
Using The Site
How to Order
Price & Payment
Review Guidelines
Currency Conversion
Work With Us
Affiliate Program
Partner Program
Wholesale Program
Company Information
About Us
Website Comments & Awards
Bookmark Us
Legal
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions
Show Menu
Privacy Policy
Strawberrynet is committed to protecting our customer's privacy. Please take the time to review this notice which explains what information we collect about you, how we use it, and your rights. Strawberrynet is the operator of Strawberrynet.com ("Strawberrynet", "we", or "us", "site").
I. Security
1.1   Our goal is to make your shopping experience safe, convenient and worry-free. We ensure that data is encrypted when leaving the site. This process involves the converting of information or data into a code to prevent unauthorised access.
1.2   Your personal information is protected in transit by a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) which fully encrypts and protects all of your personal data (name, address, credit card number) from being read by anyone over the Internet. This secure method ensures the protection of all credit and debit card transactions.
1.3   For your security, we have attained a PCI Data Security Standard compliance Level One certificate, which ensures that our customer data and transactional information is protected under an international standard.
1.4   Your personal data is kept confidential and we do not make email addresses available to third parties other than for our business operation needs. We have certain Third Party Service Providers who perform important business functions on our behalf, such as: processing credit card transactions, fulfilling orders and delivering packages. They have access to personal data needed to carry out their functions, but they may not use it for other purposes.
2. Collection and Usage of Data
2.1   When visiting our websites, our web servers temporarily record technical details of the device used to access our websites, such as the browser type used, the operating system installed and device settings. In addition, we record your IP address and, if you have accessed our websites from a device such as a mobile telephone, the Unique Device Identifier of your device. Further, our Web server collects certain data that is automatically transmitted by your Web browser.
This data includes:
The name of your Internet service provider
The address of the website from which you have visited our site
The sub-pages of Strawberrynet.com
The date and length of your visit
2.2   When you make a purchase, we record your billing and shipping address for transactional purposes. However, we do not store your credit card or other payment details.
2.3   When you subscribe to our eNewsletter, we collect your name, contact details, and gender should you wish to provide such information.
2.4   When you register for an account, we record the information you provide us, such as your order history, brand preferences, product reviews, and any other details which you add to your profile.
2.5   When you submit anything through our Enquiry Form, we store your contact details for the purposes of following up and answering your questions.
2.6   When you contact our CS Team, we may record the details of the interaction in order to trace your inquiry and better serve your needs.
2.7   You must be over 16 years of age to register for a personal account, subscribe to our emails, and/or place an order with Strawberrynet. This site is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 16.
3. Purpose for which we use your data:
3.1   We use your data to enable you to visit our websites and to create anonymous usage statistics based on the automatically transmitted data (see section 2.1), which enable us to track the use of our websites and to tailor them to your needs. In addition, we process personal data for all of the following reasons:
To fulfill your order and maintain your online account.
To process orders or bookings and to tailor our services to your wishes.
To manage and respond to any queries or complaints to our customer service team.
To personalise the site to you and show you content we think you will be most interested in, based on your account information, your purchase history and your browsing activity.
To improve and maintain the site, and monitor its usage.
For market research, e.g. we may contact you for feedback about our products.
To send you marketing messages and show you targeted advertising, where we have your consent or are otherwise permitted to do so.
For security purposes, to investigate fraud and where necessary to protect ourselves and third parties.
To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations.
Where required, we may also use your personal data in order to enforce our third party rights.
3.2   We rely on the following legal basis, under data protection law, to process your personal data:
Because the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, or take steps prior to entering into a contract with you (e.g. where you have made a purchase with us, we use your personal data to process the payment and fulfill your order).
Because we have obtained your consent (e.g. where you contact us with a query, where you add optional information to your account profile, or if you consent to receive marketing from us).
Because it is in our legitimate interests as an e-commerce provider to maintain and promote our services. We are always seeking to understand more about our customers in order to offer the best products and customer experience. We use information about you to tailor your view of the Site, to make it more interesting and relevant in respect of the products and offers on view.
4. Disclosure of Data to Third Parties
We transmit personal data collected in connection with the handling of orders to service providers who help us process your orders. In particular, this pertains to providers of credit card billing services, insofar as it is necessary to transmit the data for the purpose of payment processing.
We also disclose personal data under the following circumstances:
With other companies as necessary for the operation of our site.
With our suppliers and service providers working for us, such as payment processors and delivery/logistics companies.
With our professional and legal advisors.
With third parties engaged in fraud prevention and detection.
With law enforcement or other governmental authorities, e.g. to report a fraud or in response to a lawful request.
In the event that we sell any business assets, the personal data of our customers may be disclosed to a potential buyer. In this event, we will make reasonable attempts to ensure the buyer will be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Otherwise where we have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted to do so.
5. Cookie Policy
We use cookies and similar technologies on our websites in order to provide functionality to visitors and make your online visit more enjoyable and personalised.
5.1   Cookies are small and often encrypted files that are stored in your browser directory. Cookies make it possible to identify you as a specific customer and to store your personal preferences when using our website and your technical information. The main benefit for you is that you do not have to enter the information contained in the cookies every time you visit our website. Cookies do not necessarily contain or reveal personal information. If, however, you enter personal information on our website, this may be associated with the data stored in the cookies. Operators of other websites have no access to these files.
5.2   We use Google Analytics on our websites. This is a web analysis service offered by Google Inc. that enables the collection of detailed statistics on website traffic and its sources. We use Google Analytics solely for statistical purposes, such as in order to track how many users have clicked on a particular item of product information. Google Analytics is based on cookies and records information about your use of our websites including your IP address. To prevent users from being identified by their IP addresses, we use a specialized code to ensure that your IP address is recorded solely in a truncated (and therefore anonymous) form. It is no longer possible to identify individual users with this truncated IP address. The information recorded by Google Analytics is transmitted to Google Inc. based in the United States. Google is self-certified under the Privacy Shield to provide an adequate protection of your personal data under EU law. You can prevent that data from being collected and transferred to Google Inc. by downloading and installing the plug-in available at the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
5.3   The default settings of most browsers enable the acceptance of cookies. In your browser settings, you can completely disable the use of cookies, prevent the placement of certain cookies or asked to be notified every time a request is made to place a cookie. For more information about these settings, please refer to the "Help" section of your browser. It is possible to disable your cookies or delete existing cookies on your computer. Please note that if you disable your cookies, it is possible that certain areas of the websites will not work properly. For example, the login function on your customer account is based on cookies.
6. Storage and Retention of Data
We will keep your personal data for as long as we need it for the purposes set out above, and so this period will vary depending on your interactions with us. For example, if you have made a purchase with us, we will keep a record of your purchase for the period necessary for invoicing, tax and warranty purposes. We may also keep a record of correspondence with you (for example if you have made a complaint about a product) for as long as is necessary to protect us from a legal claim. Where we no longer have a need to keep your information, we will delete it. Please note that when you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, we will keep a record of your email address to ensure we do not send you marketing emails in the future.
7. Your Rights
7.1   You have the following rights regarding to your personal information:
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information, where consent is the legal basis of the processing e.g. subscription of our marketing emails
If you wish to exercise your rights or if you have any questions about the data we hold about you or the use thereof, you can contact us at any time via info@strawberrynet.com. Please note that such personal information may be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of promotions on our website.
7.2   If you wish to have your data deleted, it will be erased immediately from our system unless we are obliged to continue storing it to comply with statutory retention periods. Under such circumstances, we will ensure that your data is prevented from being used for other purposes. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or permitting corrections to and/or deletion of your personal data.
7.3   For the subscription and receiving of marketing emails, we follow the opt in/opt out policy. If you wish to opt out of receiving emails from us, please click the unsubscribe link included in every message. Please note we may still contact you with service messages from time to time (e.g. order and delivery confirmations, and information about your legal rights).
7.4   We will comply with any requests to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware, however, that there are a number of limitations to these rights, and there may be circumstances where we are not able to comply with your request. We would like the chance to resolve any complaints you have but you are also entitled to contact your local supervisory authority for data protection.
8. Links to Other Websites
Our websites contain links to websites that are operated by third-party providers. This Privacy Notice does not apply to the collection, processing and use of personal data by such third parties. Please note that we are unable to accept any responsibility for the content of third-party websites or for their compliance with data protection requirements. We therefore recommend that you consult their data protection guidelines.
9. Amendments to this Privacy Policy
We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post these changes so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. If we plan to use your data for new purposes, we will update our privacy policy and communicate the changes to you before starting any new processing.
10. Contact Details
If you have any further questions about the privacy and security of your information, or would like to update or remove your details then please contact us.
StrawberryNet
Strawberry Fields,
No.4 A Kung Ngam Village Road,
Shau Kei Wan,
Hong Kong
Email: info@strawberrynet.com
Tel:
Call us toll-free on 08081685218
Back to Top
HELP WITH ORDER
FAQs
Contact Us
Shipping & Taxes
Discounts & Promotions
Returns & Cancellations
Using The Site
How to Order
Price & Payment
Review Guidelines
Currency Conversion
Work With Us
Affiliate Program
Partner Program
Wholesale Program
Company Information
About Us
Website Comments & Awards
Bookmark Us
Legal
Privacy & Security
Terms & Conditions