http://www.heavenlynecklaces.com/pages/privacy-policy
NewThe new romanticsFlavia stuttgen x heavenly necklacesEarringsCharm earringsNecklacesRingsBraceletsFine jewelleryCuff linksClip-on earrings
GBP
GBPEURUSD
Gift Guide
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
No products in the cart.
OUR PHONE NUMBER: +44 (0) 1672 520 909
My account
Contact
GBP
GBPEURUSD
When you provide us with personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") through this Website, we respect your privacy. We do not store debit or credit card details when taking payments over the phone or online. We simply enter the information into the PayPal system.The purpose of this statement is to tell you what Personal Information we collect about you during your visit to this Website and what we do with that information. Your visit to www.heavenlynecklaces.com and the sale of our goods to you via www.heavenlynecklaces.com are subject to this Privacy Policy.Access to your personal informationIf you wish to access your Personal Information that you have submitted via the Website please visit "my account" page or email us at hello@heavenlynecklaces.comUse of CookiesWe use cookies to administer our Website. We will not use cookies in combination with your Personal Information without your prior consent. A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value. If you have previously registered on the Website cookies will enable the Website to recognise you. Cookies can help a website to arrange content to match your preferred interests more quickly and are used by most major websites.Two types of cookies are used on this Website: session cookies and persistent cookies.Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the Website. We use session cookies:    (a) to track the number of visits to the Website;    (b) to compile anonymous statistics that allow us to understand how users use our Website such as details of the pages visited per session on the Website and the number         of return visits to the Website (we cannot identify you personally in this way);    (c) to enable basic personalisation of the Website;    (d) to keep track of your current shopping session so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time;    (e) within the user id sign in session for security; and,    (f) to remember if a user has signed outPersistent cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer than session cookies. We use one persistent cookie which is stored to enable the Website to determine whether you have been here and signed in previously. This helps to authenticate you as a registered user, giving you access to your user profile and certain otherwise inaccessible areas of the Website.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your internet browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of the Website if cookies are disabled.Collection of informationWe do not collect Personal Information about you, except when you provide it to us. When you submit your Personal Information on www.heavenlynecklaces.com, you will be asked to consent to the processing and transfers of your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you would prefer that we don't collect any Personal Information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will use the Personal Information you provide us through www.heavenlynecklaces.com only for the purposes of processing your orders and responding to any comments or questions you have.We may use the information you provide in aggregate (non-personally identifiable) form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of www.heavenlynecklaces.com, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular and general website administration.We may share or transfer Personal Information and non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners to:    (a) enhance this Website;    (b) assist in the development and design of similar sites run by our affiliates, licensees and partners; and    (c) enable them to undertake marketing activities on our behalf.Such affiliates, licensees and partners may be located in countries both inside and outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Although countries outside the EEA may not require the same level of protection of Personal Information as countries within the EEA, we always demand that our affiliates, licensees and partners adhere to the same procedures that we follow ourselves with respect to your Personal Information, including this Privacy Policy. In accordance with GDPR regulations (May 25 2018) we will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties without your consent, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.We may also use your information to tell you about our products, promotions and special offers that may be of interest to you, by email, mail or by telephone. In particular, we may look at what you have previously ordered in an attempt to tell you about promotions that will be of particular interest to you. All customers are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such further information that they give. However, this decision may be reversed at any time by updating your profile in the "my account" page or by contacting our Customer Services Team by email at hello@heavenlynecklaces.comWe may disclose any information, including Personal Information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.Sensitive information is not sought through this website. Sensitive information includes data relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or other similar beliefs; physical or mental health. If you do provide sensitive information, by providing that information you explicitly consent to us using it for the purposes for which it has been provided.We will take reasonable steps to create an accurate record of any Personal Information you have submitted through the Website. However, we do not assume responsibility for confirming the ongoing accuracy of your Personal Information. If you advise us that your Personal Information is no longer accurate, we will, so far as practicable, make corrections.You can also request that your Personal Information is deleted from our systems at any time by emailing us at hello@heavenlynecklaces.comThird PartiesWe may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf in relation to the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. Examples include credit/debit card validation and authorisation agencies, data analysis firms, customer support specialists, webhosting companies, and fulfilment companies (e.g., companies that coordinate mailings). Such third parties may be provided with access to your Personal Information if needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose. Such third parties may be located in countries both inside and outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Although countries outside the EEA may not require the same level of protection of Personal Information as countries within the EEA, we always demand that third parties adhere to the same procedures that we follow ourselves with respect to your Personal Information, including this Privacy Policy.LinksThis Website may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Website or otherwise visit.SecurityWe implement various security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information, both on line and off line. Your Personal Information will be stored at facilities located across the world and not necessarily within the EEA. If you have any questions about security at our Website, you can send an email to hello@heavenlynecklaces.comData ControllerThe personal information you provide to us will be managed by the E-commerce Manager, Heavenly Necklaces, London, England. This Privacy Policy shall be construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales.CommentsWe have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to our Website is an excellent one and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, please email us at hello@heavenlynecklaces.com