http://www.birdkeeper.com.au/pages/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-use
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Menu
Categories
Books
DVD's
Subscriptions
Finches
Parrots
Poultry
Reptiles & Frogs
Miscellaneous
Home
Catalog
About us
Contact us
Faq's
0
Wishlist
Login / Register
Shopping cart
Close
No products in the cart.
Return To Shop
AUD
AUD
Contact Us
FAQS
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
1. Introduction
ABK Publications regards customer privacy as an important part of our relationship with our customers. The following privacy policy applies to all ABK Publications users, and conforms to Internet privacy standards.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact ABK Publications at +61 (7) 5568 0011.
2. Collection of Information
In order to use the ABK Publications website, we may require information from you in order to provide the best service possible.
Any information collected by ABK Publications is collected via correspondence from you or your company. This may be via the telephone, Email, mail, fax or directly through our website.
3. Use of Collection Information
Any details collected from ABK Publicationscustomers is required in order to provide you with our products and/or services, and a high level of customer service.
Correspondence is recorded in order to provide service references, and to assist in our staff development.
4. Storage of Collected information
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our website, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). When Credit Card details are collected, we simply pass them on in order to be processed as required. We never permanently store complete Credit Card details.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we received it.
5. Access to collected information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, delete or deactivate it by emailing us.
6. Orders
If you purchase a product or service from us, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. You may be required to provide contact information (such as name, email and postal address) and financial information (such as credit card number and expiration date).
We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
7. Communications
ABK Publications uses personally identifiable information for essential communications, such as emails, accounts information, and critical service details. We may use this information for other purposes, including some promotional emails. If at any time a customer wishes not to receive such correspondence, they can request to be removed from any mailing lists.
You will be notified when your personal information is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider. So you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share you information with that party.
8. Third Parties
ABK Publications may at its discretion use other third parties to provide essential services on our site or for our business processes. We may share you details as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
ABK Publications does not share any information with third parties for any unknown or unrelated uses.
9. Legal
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
10. Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review if frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage.
11. Security Policy
ABK Publications uses the eWAY Payment Gateway for its online credit card transactions. eWAY processes online credit card transactions for thousands of Australian merchants, providing a safe and secure means of collecting payments via the internet.
All online credit card transactions performed on this site using the eWAY gateway are secured payments.
Payments are fully automated with an immediate response.
Your complete credit card number cannot be viewed by ABK Publications or any outside party.
All transactions are performed under 128 Bit SSL Certificate.
All transaction data is encrypted for storage within eWAY’s bank-grade data centre, further protecting your credit card data.
eWAY is an authorised third party processor for all the major Australian banks.
eWAY at not time touches your funds; all monies are directly transferred from your credit card to the merchant account held by ABK Publications.
For more information about eWAY and online credit card payments, please visit www.eWAY.com.au.
12. Delivery Policy
Books, Magazines, DVDs and other Products
After ordering online, you will receive an email confirmation from ABK Publications containing your order details (if you have provided your email address). We will normally confirm receipt of your order within a few minutes of ordering. We will attempt to send your goods via Australia Post or an appropriate courier company within one working day; however if goods are unavailable delivery will take a little longer.
13. Refund and Return Policy
If for any reason you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, please contact us immediately so that we can resolve any problems.
Refunds do not apply to goods which have been used, damaged after delivery, or if any attempt has been made to alter the product or if they have been dropped or broken. All products must be returned in their original condition. All postage and insurance costs are to be paid by the buyer. We recommend that you return the product via registered post and that you pre pay all postage. You assume any risk of lost, theft or damaged goods during transit & therefore advise you take out shipment registration of insurance with your postal carrier. ABK Publications will not be responsible for parcels lost or damaged in transit if you choose not to insure.
14. Terms of Use
This Terms of Use Statement applies only to the Website at www.birdkeeper.com. This site is owned and operated by ABK Publications/Australian BirdKeeper and should not be confused with any other Website whether or not the word ABK or BirdKeeper appears as part of the domain name or branding. You are advised to check each page you visit on or from this site to determine whether you have moved onto a third party site.
15. Site Security
You are prohibited from violating, or attempting to violate, the security of this site. Any such violations may result in criminal and/or civil penalties against you. We will investigate any alleged or suspected violations and if a criminal violation is suspected, we will cooperate with law enforcement agencies in their investigations. Violations of the security of the site include without limitation:
logging into or attempting to log into a server or account that you are not authorised to access;
accessing data or taking any action to obtain data, information or services not intended for you or your use;
attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of any system or network;
tampering, hacking, modifying or otherwise corrupting or breaching security or authentication measures;
transmitting material that contains viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files or other computer programming routines or engines or engage in conduct that could damage, disrupt or otherwise impair or interfere with a computer's functionality or the operation of the site.
16. Other Prohibited Activity
In using this site, you must not:
post, send or otherwise transmit to or through the site any unlawful, infringing, harmful, harassing, defamatory, threatening, vulgar, sexually explicit, hateful or otherwise objectionable material of any kind, any material that exploits children or is invasive of or in breach of another person's privacy or other rights or any material that ABK Publications in its sole discretion does not wish posted or transmitted on the site;
defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others;
upload or otherwise make available, files that contain images, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including without limitation copyright or trademark laws and rights of publicity and privacy unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary authorizations to do the same;
misrepresent your identity or affiliation in any way;
engage in deceptive online marketing;
violate any applicable laws or regulations; or
assist or permit any persons in engaging in any of the activities described above.
17. User Submissions
You must exercise caution, good sense and sound judgment in using the site. You are responsible for any material you place on or transmit to or through the site. You agree, represent and warrant that any information you post to or transmit through the site is truthful, accurate, not misleading and offered in good faith, and that you have the right to post or transmit such information. Such information (including without limitation, data, text, software, graphics or any other materials whatsoever), whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is your sole responsibility.
18. Unsolicited Ideas
ABK Publications does not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new promotions, products, technologies, or processes. You must not transmit any material to or through this site that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Any material that you transmit to or through this site will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. This policy serves to avoid potential misunderstandings or disputes regarding ownership of ideas. Except as expressly provided in the Privacy Statement or separate written agreement between you and ABK Publications, you give ABK Publications an unrestricted, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, display, publicly perform, transit and distribute such information. You further agree that ABK Publications has the right to use, without any payment or accounting to you or others, any concepts, know-how or ideas that you (and those who act on your behalf) transmit to or through this site.
19. Copyright
The material made available at this site is protected by copyright. No material from this site may be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way without written permission of the copyright owner, except that you may download one copy of the materials on any single computer and produce one printed copy for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices. Modification of the materials or use of the materials for any other purpose is a violation of ABK Publication’s copyright and other proprietary rights. Permission for all other uses of materials contained herein, including reproducing and distributing multiple copies, or linking to any page at this site except the "home page" (http://www.birdkeeper.com), must be obtained from ABK Publications in advance. For purposes of this Agreement, the use of any such material on any other Web site or networked computer environment is prohibited. All design rights, databases and compilation and other intellectual property rights, in each case whether registered or unregistered, and related goodwill are proprietary to ABK Publications.
In the event you download software from the site, the software, including any files, images incorporated in or generated by the software, and data accompanying the software (collectively, the "Software") are licensed to you by ABK Publications. ABK Publications does not transfer title to the Software to you. You may own the medium on which the Software is recorded, but ABK Publications retains full and complete title to the Software, and all intellectual property rights therein. You may not redistribute, sell, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Software to a human-perceivable form, except to the extent permitted by applicable law and on giving ABK Publications prior written notice of such activities.
20. Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names, whether registered or unregistered, are proprietary to ABK Publications or to other companies where so indicated. You may not reproduce, download or otherwise use any such trademarks, service marks, logos or trade names without the prior written consent of the appropriate owner thereof.
21. Links to Other Websites
As you view this site, you will notice links to other non-ABK Publications Websites. These links are for convenience only. Certain of these linked Websites may make use of ABK Publications proprietary intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, service marks, logos and trade names) under license from ABK Publications. ABK Publications is not responsible for the availability or content of these sites or for any viruses or other damaging elements encountered in linking to a third party Website. In addition, providing links to these sites should not be interpreted as endorsement or approval by ABK Publications of the organisations sponsoring the sites or their products or services.
22. Termination
This agreement is effective until terminated by either party. You may terminate this agreement at any time by destroying all materials obtained from this site and all related documentation and all copies and installations thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. This agreement will terminate immediately without notice from ABK Publications if in ABK Publication’s sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this agreement. Upon termination, you must destroy all materials obtained from this site and all copies thereof, whether made under the terms of this agreement or otherwise. The provisions of this Terms of Use Statement concerning site security, prohibited activity, copyrights, trademarks, user submissions, disclaimer, limitation of liability, indemnity, governing law and jurisdiction shall survive any termination of this agreement.
23. Disclaimer
The materials in this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind either express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, ABK Publications disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. ABK Publications does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. ABK Publications does not make any representations or warranties regarding the use or the results of the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. Applicable law may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you.
24. Limitation of Liability
To the extent permitted under applicable law, under no circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall ABK Publications be liable for any compensatory, punitive, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site, even if ABK Publications or a ABK Publications authorised representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, and so to that extent the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. In no event shall ABK Publications total liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited to, negligence) or otherwise) exceed the amount paid by you to ABK Publications, if any, for using this site.
25. Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold ABK Publications, its affiliates and any of its and their directors, employees, agents and contractors harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, losses, costs (including without limitation reasonable attorneys' fees) or other expenses that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of this agreement; and/or (ii) your activities in connection with this site.
26. Other
As used throughout this site, the term " ABK Publications " and such terms as "the company," "the corporation," "our," "we" and "us" may refer to one or more or all of ABK Publications organization's consolidated subsidiaries. All of these terms are used for convenience only and are not intended as a precise designation of any of the separate companies, each of which manages its own affairs. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Australia, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement shall be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from this agreement and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and shall not be modified except in writing.
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this Terms of Use Statement, please contact us and we will endeavour to respond to you promptly.
Scroll To Top
×
Wishlist
Product
Price
Quantity
Options
#title#
#price#
×
×
Comparing box
Features
Availability:
Price
Options
Actions