https://www.zflagstore.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
You know and trust Z Flag Store and we value your trust. We want you to know how we collect, use and protect information about our online guests.
What information about guests do we collect?
Information You Give Us
We receive and may store any information you enter on our website or give to our website in any other way. For example, we collect information you provide when you place an order or register with us. This information may include:
your name.
your mailing address.
your e-mail address.
your phone number.
your credit card number.
It may also include any other personal or preference information you provide to us.
We will only store your credit card number until your order is processed.
We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email. This practice, called “phishing”, is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, we use “cookies” like many other websites. Through “cookies” we obtain information when your web browser accesses our website (see “What are ‘Cookies’ and how do we use them?” section below for details).
What are “Cookies” and how do we use them?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser.
Cookies allow us to provide features such as storage of items in your Cart between visits. In order to provide the best guest experience possible, we also use cookies for reporting and analysis purposes such as how guests are shopping our website, performance of our marketing efforts and your response to those marketing efforts, and the delivery of relevant marketing messages.
Service Providers
Our website may also share information with companies that provide support services to us (such as a printer, mailing house or web host) or that help us market our products and services. These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose.
Protection of Our Website and Others
We may disclose information you provide to our website when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our website, our users or others.
What choices do I have?
E-Mails
If you provide our website with your e-mail address, you may receive e-mails from us. If you do not want to receive marketing or promotional e-mails from us, please contact us. You may still receive select e-mails from us such as Order Notification or shipment notifications.
Application of This Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to all information collected or submitted on our website.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to our use of information that is collected or submitted as described in this online privacy policy. We may change or add to this privacy policy so we encourage you to review it periodically.
Security
Secure Sockets Layering (SSL)
Our website uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because we use SSL, placing an order online at our website is just as safe as giving your credit card number over the phone.
Warning about Fraudulent Emails
“Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an email that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through email.
Safe Shopping Guarantee
Our security measures are designed to prevent anyone from stealing and using your credit card number. In addition, consumer protection laws protect you against the unauthorized use of your credit card. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, if your credit card is used without your authorization, your liability for those fraudulent charges cannot exceed $50. In the event that someone steals your credit card or your credit card number, your liability is limited to $50 no matter how much the thief charges to your account.