https://www.johwey.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy - Johwey Redington
ABOUT
GALLERY
BOOK & PAPER
ENCAUSTIC ART
JOURNALS
CLASSES
SHOP
BOOK & PAPER ART
ENCAUSTIC ART
HANDMADE JOURNALS
BLOG
CONTACT
Select Page
Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Johwey.com (“Website”). We at Johwey Redington (“Company”, “we”, “us”) respect your privacy and want you to understand how we collect, use, and share data about you, our visitors, users, and customers. This Privacy Policy describes our data collection practices and your options with respect to its use. It is part of the Terms & Conditions of Use that govern the Website. By accessing the Website, you indicate your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to be bound by this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue the use of this website.
Information Collection and Use
The information you provide is used to process transactions, improve our products and services, and to communicate with you as needed.
Personal Data. When you purchase from the Website, we collect personally identifiable information (“Personal Data”) like your name, address, email address, and phone number to fulfill your purchase request. We do not collect or store credit card information in our server. We use Stripe and Paypal, which are third party service providers, for payment processing and your credit card information is provided directly to them whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. If you create a User Account in the Website, which is required to access our online classes, you are required to provide a password. For your security, we are unable to view your User Account password.
Usage Data. In order for us to better understand how visitors use the Website, we may collect usage data typically provided by web browsers and servers, such as your computer’s IP address, browser type, time and date of your visit, website pages you visited, time spent on those pages, and other diagnostic data.
Browser Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that a website stores on your computer and which your browser provides to the website each time you visit. We use cookies to help identify and track visitors, manage sessions, and remember user preferences (e.g. to enable you to log in and keep items in the shopping cart). You can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, certain features in the Website may not function properly without the use of cookies.
Disclosure of Information
Publicly Shared Information. Any information that you voluntarily share in a public area of the Website (e.g. blog comments) will be available to anyone who has access to that content.
Company Employees, Contractors, and Third-Party Service Providers. We share your information within the Company to our employees, contractors, and third-party service providers who help us operate the Website, conduct our business, and service customers and visitors (e.g., payment processing system and email marketing service). These trusted third parties have access to your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We do not share your personal information with unrelated third parties.
Law Enforcement, Legal Process and Compliance. We may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required or permitted to do so by applicable law or legal process (e.g. court order or subpoena), (2) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials to comply with a legitimate legal request, (3) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (4) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights, (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraud or illegal activity or (6) otherwise with your consent.
Change of Ownership. We reserve the right to transfer to relevant third-parties any information we have about you in the event of a potential or actual sale or transfer of all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation) or other business combination. In such case, we will require the relevant third parties to provide comparable levels of protection as we provide with respect to the information we share.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active, as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Data Transfer
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your governmental jurisdiction where data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Data Security
The security of your data is important to us. We use a secure connection to encrypt data exchange in the Website. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. The Internet has security and privacy limitations which are beyond our control and any information and data exchanged between you and us through the Website may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party. When you transfer any information to us, you do so at your own risk. We are not responsible for any intercepted information shared through the Website without our knowledge or permission.
Links to Other Sites
The Website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you have reason to believe that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Updating Your Information
Whenever possible, you can access and update your Personal Data anytime by logging in to your User Account in the Website. If you don’t have a User Account and wish to be informed about what Personal Data we may hold about you or if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Opting Out
You may at any time request to no longer receive communications from us by contacting us. If you are subscribed to our email newsletter, you can directly change your preference by following a link in the footer of all marketing email messages from us.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@johwey.com.
This privacy policy was last updated on November 15, 2018.
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
© Johwey Redington, 2019 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
Pin It on Pinterest