https://www.kingfisherflyshop.com/privacy-policy/
controllerName: page - actionName: view - moduleName: cms
No Thank
Add to cart
Add to cart
Continue Shopping
Kingfisher- Western Montana's Premier Flyshop & OutFitter
Login
| My Account | My Wishlist
0 item(s) $0.00
Email:
Password:
Home
Shop on-line
Shop By Brand Angling AccessoriesLanding NetsFly BoxesFly TyingFly Fishing ReelsFly Lines & LeadersFly RodsGift CertificateClothingKingfisher Logo WearSale & Close OutsVests, Packs & LuggageWading Boots / WadersSitka GearEnrico Puglisi Flies
The Shop
About Missoula
Fishing reports
River maps
Fly fishing classes
Guided Trips
Contact us
You Are Here
> Home
> Privacy Policy
At kingfisherflyshop.com, your privacy is a top priority. Please read below for our complete privacy policy details.
If you shop at kingfisherflyshop.com and place your orders exclusively through kingfisherflyshop.com, any personal information that you may share with us is kept absolutely private.
Your privacy is important to us. By participating in the Council of Better Business Bureau's BBBOnLine Privacy Program we have made a commitment to meet the programs' strict requirements regarding how we treat your information and have it verified by BBBOnLine. Further information about this program is available at http://www.bbbonline.org/.
What Information do we collect?
We collect two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site.
Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. Personal information is requested when you order a product or service, request a Catalog or email newsletter, and send us feedback. For example, this information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, and product details. With this information, leisurepro.com can fill your orders and better provide you with personalized services.Non-Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you based upon where you shop on our site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. For example, this information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop.
How do we use the information?
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide kingfisherflyshop.com visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them of their order status, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administer our systems. We use cookies in the operation of our site; to find out what cookies are and how they are used, click here
How to update or correct your Information?
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. During the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases.
Marketing
From time to time you may receive Kingfisher special fliers via postal mail or e-mail notification of specials that may be of interest to you. E-mail recipients can opt-out from our e-mail listings by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided with every promotional email we send out. Registrants may also opt-out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request. Please contact us via e-mail (info@kingfisherflyshop.com.com), by telephone 406-721-6141, By Fax 406-721-6188, or via postal mail (926 east broadway Missoul, MT 59802. Enclose a copy of the mailing label). Include your name, address, and other information as it appears on the mailing label, and indicate "Do not mail".
Protecting Your Personal Information:
The security of your personal information is very important to us. In an effort to protect your personal information, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology with 128 bit encryption. If your browser supports SSL (most current browsers do), it will automatically encrypt the information you provide to us on the secure pages on our site, before sending it over the Internet. all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access by physical security means.
When visiting a page on our site that includes any of your personal information, you will see on the bottom of your browser window, an icon of a closed lock or an unbroken key (depending upon your browser), this indicates that you have successfully connected with our secure server. To authenticate the security of your connection before submitting any of your personal information, you can double click on the icon to display our digital certificate.
Our servers are protected by secure firewalls (communication management computers) specially designed to keep information secure and inaccessible by other Internet users. So you're absolutely safe while you shop.SSL Technology, McAfee, and Industry Standard Firewalls all work together to ensure your privacy and to assist in protecting your personal data.in order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order.
A special note about children's privacy:
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 18 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at info@kingfisherflyshop.com so that we may delete the minor's information.
Cookies:
When you use our site we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to leisurepro.com. The cookies make your use of the site easier, allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies. If you are a "cookieñphobe," you can tell your browser to erase all cookies at the end of a session.
Contacting The Kingfisher about privacy questions or concerns:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us by sending a letter to:The Kingfisher Fly Shop
926 East Broadway
Missoula, MT 59802
Privacy Policy changes:
This Privacy Policy was last changed on Jan 4, 2005. If kingfisherflyshop.com makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, PayPal
SSL Certificate Authority
Home About Us Contact UsOpening Hours
My Account Login Create New Account Wishlist
Payment Information Shipping Information Product Returns
Privacy PolicySite Map Search Terms
Copyright © 2020 Kingfisher Fly Shop. All rights reserved.