http://www.emilyschocolates.com/terms.asp
Emily's Chocolates
Shopping Cart
My Account
Checkout
Logout
Nuts
Chocolates
Cookies
Occasions
About Us
Cookie
Occasion
Terms
Nuts
Chocolates
Cookies
Occasions
Packaging
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of AMES International,Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to AMES International,Inc.. Copyright 2003, AMES International,Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with AMES International,Inc. or purchasing AMES International,Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with AMES International,Inc. or to purchase AMES International,Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by AMES International,Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of AMES International,Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of AMES International,Inc.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, AMES International,Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. AMES International,Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. AMES International,Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityAMES International,Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if AMES International,Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a AMES International,Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, AMES International,Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. AMES International,Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, AMES International,Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by AMES International,Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeAMES International,Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to AMES International,Inc..MiscellaneousYour use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of AMES International,Inc. products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of AMES International,Inc. products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. AMES International,Inc.'s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. AMES International,Inc. may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a AMES International,Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerAMES International,Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, AMES International,Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, AMES International,Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to AMES International,Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless AMES International,Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, AMES International,Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with AMES International,Inc., AMES International,Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of AMES International,Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, AMES International,Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Join Our Mailing List
Be in the Know:
Emily's Chocolate and nuts are the perfect gift. Chocolate and nuts are always the right size, never goes out of style, and appeals to kids from 1 to 92. All chocolate and nuts are not created equal, and if you're looking to truly delight someone, go for the best. (That would be the chocolate and nut items you find here.) Emily's kosher chocolate and nut treats are perfect for everyone. Sumptuous yet simple, rewarding and rich, when confections taste like Emily's, it's always the season to enjoy! It's never too early to start thinking about special treats for Xmas gift giving. Give unique, flavorful chocolate and nut Christmas gifts from Emilyschocolates.
How about a fortune cookie enveloped in rich dark chocolate and infused with a kiss of peppermint this holiday season?
Start creating your shopping list today. Or are you in the process of planning your special wedding day and looking for a unique wedding favor to share with your guest?
How about a Chocolate Covered Fortune Cookie that has a message of love tucked inside, and then placed in a charming take out box.
Customize your fortune cookie wedding favor by adding a ribbon or embellishment to the box.
Remember, if you are looking for nuts and chocolate that are Kosher, you have found them here at Emilyschocolates!
All of our chocolate and nut treats are made with care in the Puget Sound area of Washington State.
Customer Top Picks:
CHOCOLATE: Fortune Cookies | Chocolate Covered Blueberries | Chocolate Covered Espresso Beans | Chocolate Covered Strawberries | Chocolate Covered Cranberries | Chocolate Covered Caramels
NUTS: Roasted & Salted Pecans | Mixed Nuts | Roasted Salted Cashews | Roasted Salted AlmondsCOOKIES: Chocolate Covered Fortune Cookies | Wedding Fortune Favors | Graham Crackers | Sandwich Cookies
CHOCOLATE: Fortune Cookies | Chocolate Covered Blueberries |
Chocolate Covered Strawberries | Chocolate Covered Cranberries |
COOKIES: Chocolate Covered Fortune Cookies | Wedding Fortune Favors | Graham Crackers | Sandwich Cookies
© 2015 AMES International, Emily's Chocolates | site map | security & privacy policy | terms of use | Emily's Chocolates is Upfront
Emily's
The latest buzz
About Us
Contact Us
Affiliate Program
Newsletter
Products
Category Index
Product Index
Printables
Policies
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
My Account
Sign In
View Cart
My Rewards
Wholesale
Built with Volusion
(Your shopping cart is empty)