http://www.hobbyhorseinc.com/pages/privacy-policy
My Cart
Close
View Cart
Join our mailing list
Due to COVID-19, orders may be delayed.
Dealer Locator
Home
/
Hobby Horse Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We appreciate the trust you place in Hobby Horse Clothing Company, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information. This privacy policy, effective January 1, 2010, describes the information we collect and how we use it.
We always welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Hobby Horse Clothing Co., Inc. 1160 Dewey Way Suite E Upland, CA 91786 909-613-1686 customerserv@hobbyhorseinc.com
Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card information, IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and website activity) when you:  • Order from our catalogs or online • Purchase from one of our retail stores • Return an item or make an exchange • Inquire about our services • Request a catalog • Receive a gift package • Enter a contest or sweepstakes • Subscribe to an e-mail newsletter • Are referred to us through a marketing promotion • Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
We may also combine this information with data that is publicly available and data that we receive from other reputable sources. We maintain this data, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database.
We collect certain personally identifiable information defined as “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household”)  when you sign in to the Website; create an account for online shopping; register with Hobbyhorseinc; participate in a contest, promotion or survey; or request other services that require information, registration or subscription. We also keep a record of your product interests and purchases online and automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser (including your IP address, hobbyhorseinc cookie information and the page you requested).
We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our Web site by using “clickstream” data gathered with "cookies," and may also use other online tools such as "pixel tags,” as described below.
How We Use Information We Collect
We may use your information according to the Privacy Notice and Terms of Use in effect at the time of use. The provisions contained herein supersede all previous notices or statements regarding our privacy practices with respect to the Website. We may use aggregated data (independent of any personal identifiers) for research and commercial purposes. This information includes what areas our users visit most frequently and what services they access most often. This information helps us develop a better site that is more useful and accessible to you. We may use your personally identifiable information:
At Hobby Horse Clothing Company, the information we collect allows us to: • Process and track your order
To process your payment and facilitate delivery. We may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
To create and secure your account with us.
To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
To send you newsletters, or to provide information on products or services to you. You can elect not to receive promotional emails from us either by "unsubscribing" to an email you receive or by contacting us as indicated below. • Identify your product and service preferences • Customize our communications to you • Provide information concerning product recalls or products you have purchased • Improve our merchandise selection and customer service • Third parties may place cookies on your browsers for targeted advertising purposes • Provide the services you request • Contact you about the status of an order • Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you • Send you email promotions or newsletters, if requested
Information We Share with Others
We contract with other companies to provide certain services, including credit card processing, shipping, e-mail distribution, market research, and promotions management. We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Hobby Horse Clothing Company.
We do not sell your personal information that is collected under this Privacy Notice. To the extent we sell any personal information that falls outside the scope of this Privacy Notice, we will disclose our selling practices in the applicable privacy notices linked below.
From time to time, we make our mailing list (names and addresses only) and information concerning general shopping activity available to carefully screened retailers whose products we believe will be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share any information with these companies, please contact us.
On rare occasions, we may disclose specific information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, or when required by law to do so. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
If you would like to opt out of receiving targeted advertising, please contact Customer Service at 800-569-5885 or customerserve@hobbyhorseinc.com.
Your Choices
We offer choices about the types of information you receive from us. If you prefer not to receive catalogs or other communications from Hobby Horse Clothing Company, please contact us at the address shown below. If you no longer wish to receive our e-mail newsletters or promotions, you also may contact us at the address below or unsubscribe using the link provided in the e-mail.
Hobby Horse Clothing Co., Inc. 1160 Dewey Way Suite E Upland, CA 91786 909-613-1686 customerserv@hobbyhorseinc.com
If you do not want us to provide your name and address to other companies for promotional purposes, please contact us at: Hobby Horse Clothing Co., Inc. 1160 Dewey Way Suite E Upland, CA 91786 909-613-1686 customerserv@hobbyhorseinc.com
Because mailings are planned in advance, it may take several weeks or more for your request to become effective. If you continue to receive unwanted communications of any kind, please contact us, and we will make every effort to correct the situation.
Cookies and Pixel Tags
A cookie is a small data file that is stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies enable you to place an order on our Web site. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so that the information you receive is more relevant to you.
For example, we use cookies to: • Remember what items are in your shopping cart • Recognize you when you return to our Web site • Study how our customers navigate through our Web site and which products they request in site searches
We may also use pixel tags – tiny graphic images – to tell us what parts of our Web site you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site. Pixel tags may also enable us to send you e-mail in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an e-mail message from us.
We also may contract with other companies who use cookies or other online tools such as pixel tags to measure the performance of a marketing effort on our behalf. We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Hobby Horse Clothing Company.
To enhance your use of the Website and shopping experience , we or our service providers  use cookies (small text files stored in a user’s browser) or Web beacons (electronic images that allow us to count users who have accessed particular content and to access certain cookies) to collect aggregate data. You can find more information about cookies and how they work at here http://www.aboutcookies.org.
Some cookies we use are necessary to enable you to navigate the Website and use features such as registering or creating and logging in your account.  We also use cookies to gather and record information about choices you make on the Website and to allow us to tailor to our visitors.
The cookies we or our service providers may use on our Website include:
Necessary Cookies: These cookies are necessary for the Website to function and cannot be switched off in our system. These cookies are usually only set in response to actions made by you which include a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences or logging into your account.
Analytics Cookies: These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of the Website. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Website.
Marketing & Retargeting Cookies:  These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
If you prefer not to receive cookies through our Website, you can set your browser to either reject all cookies, to allow only "trusted" websites to set them, or to accept only those cookies from those sites you are currently on. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our Site and use it.
By using this website, you agree that we can place cookies on your computer or device as explained above. However, you can control and manage cookies in various ways. Please note that removing or blocking cookies may limit system performance and may impact your user experience and parts of the Website may no longer be fully accessible.
If you refuse cookies, this may limit system performance and may even cause certain features of the Site to malfunction or not to work at all. You can learn more about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies.
We do not use technology that recognizes a "do-not-track" signal from your web browser.
How We Use E-mail
When you provide us your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails necessary to process your order or respond to a request. We may also periodically send out promotions and newsletters by e-mail. Instructions on how to unsubscribe are included in each e-mail.
Links to Other Sites
If you click on a link with in the Hobby Horse Clothing Company site that takes you to another site, you understand that while on their site they have established their own privacy and security policies.
Updating or Reviewing Your Information
To update your customer information (name, address, telephone number and email address), please contact us at the address above.
Security
We use a variety of current technologies and processes for protection of our customer data in order to minimize the chance of loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you. We limit the information we provide to outside companies with whom we contract to only what they need to carry out their responsibilities.
When you make a purchase, request a catalog, or create an account on our Web site, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format.
Privacy of Children on Our Web Site
Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.
Your California Privacy Rights
From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
If you are a resident of California, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request once a calendar year information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Hobbyhorseinc to a third party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes. Please note that not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.  This right granted to California residents applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please fill out the following form, http://unbouncepages.com/hobby-horse-ccpa/
Policy Changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change, we will post these changes on our Web site. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Questions or Comments?
For questions, comments or assistance, we invite you to contact us. We hope to answer any questions to your satisfaction, but should you ever want to contact a third party regarding our privacy practices, you can e-mail the Direct Marketing Association's Committee on Ethical Business Practices at privacypromise@the-dma.org. The DMA is the oldest and largest association for consumers and companies with interest in direct marketing.
x
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price." As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price." As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
X
Subscribe to our newsletter
Stay up to date on all the latest news and promotions.
PLUS, Get $15 off your first order of $100 or More
Date of Birth
Month
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Day
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
Please enter a valid e-mail address
You have successfully joined our newsletter