http://www.fabulousfurs.com/content--name-privacy-and-security
X
Free Standard Shipping on orders over $200! Details
USE CODE: 120120H
*CANNOT BE COMBINED WITH OTHER OFFERS. *LUXE Collection is excluded from promotions.
Accessibility
MY ACCOUNT
NEED HELP?
X
WE'RE HERE TO HELP!
CALL US 24/7
800-848-4650
EMAIL US
TRACK YOUR ORDERS
SHIPPING & RETURNS
FAQ
PRIVACY & SECURITY
Mobile MenuGiftsGifts Under $50Gifts Under $100Gifts Under $200Gifts of IndulgenceGifts for HerGifts for HimGifts for KidsGifts for the HomeGifts for TravelersNew ArrivalsNew - WomenNew - MenNew - KidsNew - AccessoriesNew - For The HomeWomenWomen's Coats & JacketsWomen's VestsWomen's Ponchos & WrapsWomen's ApparelMenMen's Coats & JacketsKidsKids' Coats & JacketsKids' VestsKids' AccessoriesAccessoriesHatsScarvesHandbagsEyewearGlovesTravelFootwearJewelryFor the HomeThrowsPillowsRugsCUSTOM BEDDINGCollectionsCouture CollectionLimited EditionSignature SeriesFaux Suede & ShearlingBasic BlackLuxe LeopardFabulous FoxModern MinkColor CrushPampered PetOnline ExclusivesHoliday CollectionSALESALE GiftsSALE Gifts Under $50SALE Gifts of IndulgenceSALE Gifts for HerSALE Gifts for HimSALE Gifts for the HomeSALE WomenSALE Women's Coats & JacketsSALE Women's VestsSALE Women's Ponchos & WrapsSALE MenSALE Men's Coats & JacketsSALE KidsSALE Kids' Coats & JacketsSALE Kids' AccessoriesSALE AccessoriesSALE HatsSALE FootwearSALE For the HomeSALE ThrowsSALE RugsSALE CollectionsSALE Couture CollectionSALE Limited EditionSALE Signature SeriesSALE Faux Suede & ShearlingSALE Basic BlackSALE Luxe LeopardSALE Fabulous FoxSALE Modern MinkSALE Color CrushSALE Online ExclusivesView AllLUXE
BAG
0
PRIVACY & SECURITY/FRAUD PREVENTION
Thank you for shopping with Fabulous-Furs. We are committed to protecting your privacy. As a customer, and additionally when you subscribe to our email list, the information you provide is used to send you details of new products, special offers, news, etc. You can request to unsubscribe at any time. Fabulous-Furs believes in protecting your information. Below is our Privacy Policy, which describes the information we may collect when you use/visit our website (fabulousfurs.com) or through our call center. By using these services, you agree to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to collection of data, please do not use the website. This Privacy Statement addresses the following:
INFORMATION WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT
We may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, or other technologies to automatically collect certain information when you use fabulousfurs.com, or interact with our emails or advertisements for and upon our site. A cookie is a data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. For example, we may automatically collect information such as your IP address, geolocation data, unique user ID, mobile phone model, type of electronic device, its operating system, and Internet Service Provider. We also may collect information about your use of fabulousfurs.com, such as the time you spend using the site, the number of times you return, whether you click-through, open, or forward links, emails, and adverts. These technologies, such as cookies, allow us to keep track of your order as you browse on our site, recognize registered users when they visit, and to provide customers with relevant information to be used in adverts for these customers. If you register with or order from us, we may use cookies or other technologies to monitor and maintain information about your purchase information and your web activity. If you do not register with or buy from us, we may monitor and maintain information about your use in order to provide you with more relevant content and advertising in situations such as retargeting adverts when you visit other websites after your visit to fabulousfurs.com.
You may adjust your browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site. Even without a cookie, you can still utilize all benefits and most of the features of our site, including making a purchase, but we will not be able to recognize you as a registered user unless you log in. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. We may use certain third parties to provide you with more relevant online advertising based on your activities on our site. For certain service providers, such as social media platforms, and on your mobile device, you can adjust your privacy and advertising settings to limit your tracking for advertising or control whether you receive more relevant advertising.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We only collect certain information from you when you provide it to us, such as when you: register, place an order, or contact us. The information we collect from you may include your name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, account user name and password, and payment information. If you use a third-party login to register or otherwise link to us, we may receive certain information about you from the third party (such as Facebook as an example) based on your registration and privacy settings on that third-party service.
REVIEWS, COMMENTS AND OTHER CONTENT
All comments, reviews, suggestions, ideas, and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Donna Salyers Fabulous-Furs on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site shall be and remain Donna Salyers Fabulous-Furs property.
Comments, reviews, suggestions, ideas and/or other submissions are permitted so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights (including publicity rights), or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable. You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of content.
Donna Salyers Fabulous-Furs has the right, but not the obligation, to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Donna Salyers Fabulous-Furs takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. You are and shall remain solely responsible for the content of any comments you make.
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES
We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with us. This information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity. We may also combine the information we receive from and about you, including the information you provide to us on the website, information we receive from third parties, information we automatically collect (as explained above), and information provided or collected offline when you order directly from our location.
REGISTRATION
We encourage you to register when purchasing on our site, however registration is not required. Our site registration requires users to provide contact information (such as name, mailing address, daytime telephone number, mobile phone number, email address, log in name and password). You must be 13 years of age or older to register. Registration helps us to provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience. The customer contact information you provide will be used to contact you concerning the status of an order, answer your questions and, unless you choose to opt-out, to send you communications about upcoming sales, contests, promotions and product information. You acknowledge and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your registration information and password. You are responsible for all use of fabulousfurs.com under your registered account.
INFORMATION USE
We may use the information we collect from and about you for the following purposes:
1. To provide you with a quick and simple checkout experience.
2. To process your orders, contact you concerning the status of an order, answer any of your questions, or otherwise contact and communicate with you.
3. To provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Service, other websites or via text message, and to contact you about upcoming Fabulous-Furs sales, promotions, and product information.
4. To allow you to participate in promotions.
5. To help us learn more about our website to improve purchasing experience and our business.
6. To address problems with the website, and to protect the security of fabulousfurs.com and our business.
7. To contact you about upcoming promotions and otherwise as described to you at the point of collection.
INFORMATION DISCLOSURE
We may disclose the information we collect from and about you as follows:
1. To our service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us.
2. For payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, website evaluation and data analysis, and distributing marketing and promotional material.
3. To comply with the law, to respond to governmental inquiries or requests, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety.
4. Otherwise, with your consent.
As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the unlikely event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to require that the transferee use personal information provided through Fabulous-Furs consistent with this Privacy Policy. We may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about fabulousfurs.com users with third parties.
UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating the personal information you provide to us. If you have registered with us, you may update your personal information through your registered account on fabulousfurs.com at any time. If you elect to delete some or all of your personal information, keep in mind that we may retain transactional data in accordance with various laws, regulations and our Company's retention policy. Please read further in the policy for more detail in regard to opting out.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENT
We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time. If we make any changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, and/or by posting notice of the changes on fabulousfurs.com.
OPTION TO OPT-OUT AND DISCLOSURE
You also have the right to access your personal data, including information about the manner in which it was collected, where it is stored, and the usage of said personal data (listed above). At all times, you have the option of "opting out." By this, you may request at any time to have all of your data removed from all collection points (regardless of the length of time in which we collected and used this data), and you will receive confirmation that it has been completed. Please note that any subsequent transaction will involve obtaining and storing personal data.
If you choose to opt-out of the email database by using the unsubscribe link found within emails, you may continue to receive non-marketing email messages from us, including, but not limited to, information pertaining to your order in a purely transactional capacity.
If you choose to no longer receive catalogs from Fabulous-Furs, please email us at service@fabulousfurs.com or contact us at 1-800-848-4650. Please note that though we will remove you from our mailing list, you may continue to receive a few additional catalogs until the changes take place based on the cycle of catalog mailing dates.
California Consumer Privacy Act (Effective January 1, 2020)
Per the CCPA, as a California resident, you have the right to opt-out at any time. To do so, please contact service@fabulousfurs.com or call 1-800-848-4650. For more details on consumer rights under CCPA, please click here.
EMAIL NEWSLETTERS
Your personal information and how it’s handled is extremely important to us. We are to notify you upon request of how your personally identifiable information is collected, stored and used. We are responsible to be transparent as possible with any issues regarding your information. We are also obligated to remove your data from anywhere it is stored upon your request to do so, unless we are required by law to maintain a record of a sales transaction. Further details regarding the handling of your data can be reviewed in this privacy policy.
By entering your email to sign-up, you are providing us with explicit consent to use your email address to receive information regarding your orders, product enquiries and to receive marketing emails on the latest promotions and new products that we offer. You may choose to opt out at any time by unsubscribing by clicking on the link at the bottom of any marketing email we send you.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
Our website uses industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL)/Transport Layer Security (TLS) technology, to provide encryption of personal information such as your name, address and credit card details. In this way, information passed between your computer and our website cannot be read in the unlikely event of someone intercepting it. All credit and debit card transactions are secure. We will only accept orders using SSL/TLS technology; this means you cannot inadvertently reveal personal information by using an unsecured connection. In order for SSL/TLS security to work, you must use an SSL/TLS enabled browser.
Please note that email encryption is not always secure, so please use our website for placing your order. If you still have reservations, you can call to place your order at 1-800-848-4650.
We do not show your credit card details on any paperwork. To prevent fraudulent or unauthorized use of credit cards for first-time buyers, we insist that your first order is delivered directly to the card holder's registered address. Additionally, we randomly select orders for authorization checks prior to processing.
DATA SECURITY
In the event of a data breach where your personal information is at risk, we are obligated to notify you, the consumer, as to the extent of the data breach, and what steps are being undertaken to resolve the issue. By law, if your personal data is compromised, we will notify you within 72 hours upon learning of the security incident.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Fabulousfurs.com may contain links to other sites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or apps. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the Privacy Statement posted on any website or app that you access through fabulousfurs.com. The terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such linked websites or apps. Fabulous-Furs does not endorse any linked websites or apps, or the information, materials, products or services that are contained in or accessible through such linked websites or apps. Fabulous-Furs disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to the information, materials, products and services that are contained in or accessible through linked websites or apps, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.
You acknowledge and agree that Fabulous-Furs is not responsible for the content, accuracy, legality, decency, copyright compliance, privacy practices, security or any other aspects of any such linked websites or apps, and that the access or use of any such linked websites or apps is solely at your own risk, and you hereby waive any and all claims against Fabulous-Furs with respect to usage of these third-party applications and or websites.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
CONTACT US
SHIPPING & RETURNS INFORMATION
INTERNATIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICE
FAQ
SIZE CHART
ACCESSIBILITY
CONTEST WINNERS
ABOUT US
OUR STORY
AS SEEN IN
CAREER OPPORTUNITIES
WHOLESALE
PRIVACY & SECURITY
DO NOT SELL MY PERSONAL INFORMATION
SITEMAP
MORE WAYS TO SHOP
1-800-848-4650
CUSTOM BEDDING
REQUEST A CATALOG
GIFT CARDS
SHOWROOM & EVENTS
STAY CONNECTED
SIGN UP AND SAVE 20%!*
* Offer valid on your next purchase and may not be combined with any other promotions.
By submitting your email address, you are providing us with explicit consent to use your email address to receive information on your orders, and marketing emails on our latest promotions and new products. You may choose to opt out at any time by unsubscribing at the bottom of any marketing email you receive. Your personal information and how your data is handled is extremely important to us.
Details are found in our Privacy Policy.
FOLLOW US
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
©
DONNA SALYERS' FABULOUS-FURS
Loading....
Loading....