http://www.emporiosirenuse.com/pages/legal-area
Skip to content
WOMEN
CLOTHING
Caftans
Dresses
Tops
Bottoms
Sale
ACCESSORIES
The Straw Bag
Sandals
MATCH IT WITH
Other Chic Things
COLLECTIONS
High Summer 2020
Spring Summer 2020
Resort 2020
MEN
CLOTHING
Shirts & Tees
Beachwear
HOMEWARE
TABLEWEAR
Aria Glass Collection
Luke Edward Hall Table Set
Carlo Moretti
LIVING
Pillow Cases
The Ashtray
COLLABS
Luke Edward Hall x Le SirenuseAncient Greek Sandals x Le SirenusePierre MarieMétier London for Le Sirenuse
ABOUT US
Account
Cart
Your cart is empty
Welcome to Emporio Sirenuse’s official web store.
Our legal headquarters are in Via Chiesa Nuova 1, 84017 Positano (SA) Italy (Phone: +39 0898122026; customer@emporiosirenuse.com; P.IVA IT02610530657), from now on referred to as “Seller”. In this section you will find all legal information that regulates the access and the use of the e-commerce website www.emporiosirenuse.com.
The access and the use of this e-commerce website www.emporiosirenuse.com (from now on referred to as the “Website”), as well as the purchase of products from the Seller, presuppose having read, knowing and accepting the following General Conditions of Sale.
The present General Conditions of Sale will apply when a purchase of products will be made through the Website by users qualifying as “Clients” and Emporio Sirenuse. For any further legal information we invite you to visit the sections “General Conditions of Sale”,  “Return Policies and Right of Withdrawal” and “Privacy Policy” included in this area of the Website www.emporiosirenuse.com.
The present  conditions discipline purchases made on this website, in accordance with the electronic trade regulation Parte III, Titolo III, Capo I, del Codice del Consumo, D.Lgs. n. 206/2005, modificato dal D.Lgs. n. 21/2014 e dal D.Lgs. n. 70/2003.
General conditions of sale
Object and pre- contracutal information
The following General Conditions of Sale regulate all sale contracts finalized between the Seller and the Client through the Website.
Every purchase is regulated by the General Conditions of Sale in the version published on the Website at the time of the order by the Client.
The Client is required to view the following General Conditions of Sale and accept them, in particular the pre-contractual information, before confirming the order.
The Website is committed  to the sale to Consumers, if one or more sales to persons who do not qualify as Consumers occurs, these General Conditions of sale will apply, but with the following waivers:
a) the Buyer will not have the right to withdraw from the purchase as in art. 9 in the present Conditions of Sale;
b) the Buyer will not benefit of the guarantee on the products as in art. 7 of the present Conditions;
c) the Buyer will not benefit of all the legal safeguards that protect the Consumer and are guaranteed by law.
When transmitting an order, the Customer accepts that the confirmation of the information about the order and these Terms and Conditions of  Sale are sent via e-mail to the address stated when signing in on the Website, or during the purchasing process.
Any costs for the Internet connection to the Website, including the telephone, are the sole responsibility of the Customer according to the rates applied by the operator selected by the Customer.
The Customer, prior to the conclusion of the purchase contract, examines the features of the goods that are described in the individual product data sheets at the time of selection by the Customer.
Prior to the conclusion of the purchase contract and before the confirmation of the order with "payment obligation", the Customer is informed regarding:
- Total price of the goods inclusive of taxes, with details of postage and any other costs;
- Mode of payment;
- The period within which the seller agrees to deliver the goods;
- Terms, conditions and procedures for exercising the right of withdrawal;
- The existence of the legal guarantee for goods purchased;
- Terms of after-sales service and commercial warranties provided by the Seller.
The Customer may at any time before the conclusion of the contract, take note of information concerning Emporio Sirenuse, geographical address, phone number, email address, information that is reported, including the following:
EMPORIO SIRENUSE S.r.l., Via Chiesa Nuova 1 84017 Positano (SA) Italy  (Phone: +39 089 812 2026; customer@emporiosirenuse.com P.IVA IT02610530657).
Features of products and their availability in different geographical areas
Products are sold with the characteristics described on the Website and in accordance with the terms and conditions of sale posted on the Website at the time of the order by the Customer, to the exclusion of any other term or condition.
The Seller reserves the right to change these terms and conditions of sale at any time at its sole discretion, without providing prior notice to Users of the Website. Any changes will be effective from the date of publishing on the website and will apply only to sales concluded on or after that date.
Prices, products for sale on the Website and their characteristics, are subject to change without notice. Before sending the purchase order, the Customer is asked to verify the final sale price.
Website users can access all over the world, and the Website may contain references to products that are not available or cannot be purchased in the country of the visitor to the Website.
The Products purchased on the Website are available only to users who, in the section of the website dedicated specifically, require the delivery in one of the countries that are listed on the site.
Completion of contract
The offers on www.emporiosirenuse.com are not binding on the Seller and do not constitute an offer to the public, but simple ‘invitatio ad offerendum’. The order of the Customer has the value of a binding contract. The order is accepted by the Seller with a receipt sent via e-mail, which contains a list of the conditions of sale, a description of the product features, the essential elements of the contract (price, mode of payment). The contract is concluded and becomes binding when the Customer receives the order receipt. The order and the receipt of the Order shall be deemed to be received when the parties to whom they are addressed are able to access electronic messages. In the event that the Customer does not receive an e-mail within 2 business days after posting the receipt of the Order by the Seller or any other communication, the Customer is required to contact the seller via the address: customer@emporiosirenuse.com.
Purchase of products
The Products displayed on the Website are purchased by selecting them and by inserting them into the cart. Once the Client has selected the Products and wants to purchase those placed in the cart, the Customer will be asked to provide the data required in order to allow the completion of the Contract. In particular, the Customer will be required to provide their personal details: e-mail address,  address for the delivery of the Products, billing address, tax code/fiscal code and a telephone number where the Customer can be contacted in order to inform him of the possible date of delivery of the Products. If the Customer opts for the mode of payment by credit card, he will be required to communicate the details of the credit card via secure connection. For accounting and administrative purposes the Seller reserves the right to verify the details given by the Customer. In case of payment by credit card, the purchase amount will be charged to the Customer after the order is completed on the site. The Customer may pay for the Products ordered through one of the payment methods indicated on the Website.
Under art. 51 of the Consumer Code, we inform the Customer that the order entails the obligation to pay.
Delivery of goods
- Shipping
The Seller ships via courier.
As required by the rules of the trade, shipments are accompanied by official invoice stating the value of the individual items in Euro.
- Date of Delivery
The Sellers guarantee to do everything in their power in order to respect the delivery times indicated on the Website and, in any case, to deliver within a maximum of thirty (30) days from the day following the date on which the Customer has sent the order and after confirmation of payment. In case of non-execution of the order by the Seller, due to the temporary unavailability of the Product, the Seller shall provide written notice to the Customer and will refund any amount already paid by the Customer for the payment of the Product according to the following paragraph.
The website indicates the availability or unavailability of the Products, if a product ordered by a Customer is not available for delivery despite the confirmation of the order, and confirmation of payment , the Customer will be promptly refunded.
Orders are shipped by the Seller from Monday to Friday from 9: 00-16: 00 hours. Orders placed during the weekend will be processed on the following Monday.
The delivery of the purchased products occurs within an average 5 working days for orders from Italy and within 10 working days for all other destinations.
The products will be delivered in any case within 30 days under the terms of the law.
It is possible to ship goods to Italy, to the European Community and to countries outside the European Community, except Argentina, Brazil, Cuba and Russia.
The shipment of the Products ordered by the Consumer will be in the mode selected by the Customer, among those available, and indicated on the Website at the time of the order. The Customer agrees to check without delay, and in any event not later than three (3) days from receipt of the Products, the correctness of the delivery and the inclusion of all and only the Products purchased within that period, and to inform the Seller of any defective Products received or the differences from the order placed. Slight differences and imperfections are to be considered a proof of handmade quality and the unique character and origin of the products. In any case the Customer is requested to provide a photographic proof of the defect, where the product is visibly placed inside the original package. If the package or the packages of products ordered by the Customer reach their destination in a visibly damaged condition, the Customer is asked to refuse the delivery by the shipping agent or to sign a "Goods unchecked"  delivery proof.
Once the deadline referred to in the preceding paragraph is reached, without the Customer having made claims against the shipping agent, the Products delivered shall be deemed finally accepted by the Client.
Payment
The payment of the price of products purchased through the Website shall be made within the deadline of 72 hours from the date of transmission of the order confirmation by the Seller to the Customer. The Customer expressly agrees that the execution of the Contract by the Seller shall start at the date the money transfer is received on the Seller’s bank account.
The Seller accepts payment by Credit Card and PayPal. In the latter case, the Customer must send copy of the transfer order with indication of the transfer number to the address customer@emporiosirenuse.com.
Prices shown on the Website are in Euros and are inclusive of VAT. Customers purchasing from an Extra-CEE country will be charged for the items purchased (VAT excluded), tax and customs duties and shipping costs. Please note that orders shipped outside of the European Community are served as DDP (Delivered Duty Paid).
Please be aware that some shipments may experience delays due to the customs clearance process, which are outside of our control.
- Credit Cards
It is possible to pay using the following credit cards: Visa, Mastercard and American Express.
- PayPal
The Customer is given the option to pay for purchases by using a Verified PayPal account.
The Seller accepts payments from verified accounts and reserves the right to ship the goods to the address of the account verified by PayPal.
Payments from verified PayPal accounts can NOT be canceled.
Guarantee
Under the European Directive 44/99/EC and the Italian Legislative Decree n. 206/2005 (Consumer Code) and the rules and regulations referred to in Articles 128, 129, 130, 131, 132, 133, 134, 135 and subsequent amendments to the Decree. 206/2005, under which the Seller guarantees to the Customer, who qualifies as a “Consumer”, that the Products will be free from defects in design and material and conform to the descriptions posted on the Website. The application of any guarantee does not apply in case the use or the cleaning of the product does not comply with the instructions and warnings provided by the Seller and/or in the description on the tags or labels.
The Customer will examine the products in the shortest possible time and will send to the Seller, by e-mail or registered mail, an explicit complaint with an indication of the defect and/or non-compliances identified, and the relevant documentation as indicated in the return form (at least one photograph of the product, the order confirmation sent by the Seller and the receipt).
Following the receipt of the form and accompanying documentation, the Seller will assess the defects or non-compliance reported by the Customer and, after making quality checks to verify the non-conformity of the Product, will, at their discretion, decide whether to authorize the return of the Product by the Customer, contacting the Customer via e-mail at the address provided by the latter during the process of registration on the Website. Authorization to return the Products shall not constitute in any way recognition of defects or non-compliance, existence of which will be confirmed after the return.
The Products for which the Seller has authorized the refund will be sent by the Client, together with a copy of the return authorization within 30 (thirty) days of notification of the defect or non-conformity to the following address: EMPORIO SIRENUSE S.r.l., Via Chiesa Nuova 1, 84017 Positano (SA) Italy.
Product liability
The provisions laid down in Directive 85/374 / EEC regarding damage caused by the product, apply. The Seller, as the distributor, is freed from responsibility by indicating the name of the manufacturer.
Returns and right of withdrawal
Right of withdrawal - under art. 49, paragraph 4 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 206/2005
You have the right to return any product you bought within 14 days from delivery. Please notify us by sending an email to customer@emporiosirenuse.com. We will answer you giving precise and detailed instructions on how to return your purchased items to us. In case of garments’ size swap requests, our instructions may be different from those below, so, please, wait for our answer before shipping any products back.
Returns are not allowed on discounted products nor swimwear products.
If you reside outside the European Union, we will send you a credit note, by email, that you will need to print and give to the courier, together with our original invoice, when returning the products. If you reside in a country within the European Union, all you need to do is send us the products back to:
Emporio Le Sirenuse
Admin department
Via C. Colombo 30
84017 Positano (SA)
Italy
Tel +39 089 812 2026
The product must be returned undamaged, unused, not washed nor stained. The product must be returned with all the original labels and barcode tags affixed to it, in its original polybag or other packaging. Once we receive the product, and check that everything is in order, we will refund you, on the same card you used to buy it. Garments that are returned with signs of being worn or delivered to our returns department outside the 14-day window will be sent back to the original address.
We will not refund shipping costs, nor pay for the return shipment, unless the return is due to the product being damaged or defective. In this case, please email some photos to show us what the damage or defects are. Sometimes (i.e. in case of ceramic products that arrive broken) we will ask you not to send the product back, but will either entirely refund you or, in agreement with you, and upon availability, send you the same item again to replace the broken one.
Privacy policy
www.emporiosirenuse.com collects some Personal Data from its Users.
- Owner and Data Controller
EMPORIO LE SIRENUSE S.r.l. - Via Chiesa Nuova, 1 - 84017 Positano (SA) (Italia)
Owner contact email: customers@emporiosirenuse.com
- Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that www.emporiosirenuse.com collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: email address, first name, last name, date of birth, city, Cookies and Usage Data.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using www.emporiosirenuse.com. Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by www.emporiosirenuse.com is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for www.emporiosirenuse.com to provide its services. In cases where www.emporiosirenuse.com specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner. Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by www.emporiosirenuse.com or by the owners of third-party services used by www.emporiosirenuse.com serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through www.emporiosirenuse.com and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
- Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of www.emporiosirenuse.com (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Legal basis of processing
The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies:
- users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;
- provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
- processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;
- processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;
- processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party.
In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
- Place
The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data.
Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data.
If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section.
- Retention time
Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
Therefore:
- Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
- Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner.
The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
- The purposes of processing
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User, Managing contacts and sending messages, Handling payments and Analytics.
Users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific Personal Data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
- Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of www.emporiosirenuse.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
Contacting the User
Mailing list or newsletter (www.emporiosirenuse.com)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning www.emporiosirenuse.com. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to www.emporiosirenuse.com or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: city, date of birth, email address, first name and last name.
Contact form (www.emporiosirenuse.com)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes www.emporiosirenuse.com to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: city, date of birth, email address, first name and last name.
Handling payments
Payment processing services enable www.emporiosirenuse.com to process payments by credit card, bank transfer or other means. To ensure greater security, www.emporiosirenuse.com shares only the information necessary to execute the transaction with the financial intermediaries handling the transaction.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails containing invoices or notifications concerning the payment.
PayPal (PayPal Inc.)
PayPal is a payment service provided by PayPal Inc., which allows Users to make online payments.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: See the PayPal privacy policy –Privacy Policy.
Stripe (Stripe Inc)
Stripe is a payment service provided by Stripe Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
MailChimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy. Privacy Shield participant.
- The rights of Users
Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner.
In particular, Users have the right to do the following:
Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data.
Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing.
Verify and seek rectification. Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it.
Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner.
Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. This provision is applicable provided that the Data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract which the User is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
- Details about the right to object to processing
Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. To learn, whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
- How to exercise these rights
Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month.
- Cookie Policy
Www.emporiosirenuse.com uses Cookies.
Cookies consist of portions of code installed in the browser that assist the Owner in providing the Service according to the purposes described. Some of the purposes for which Cookies are installed may also require the User's consent.
Where the installation of Cookies is based on consent, such consent can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document.
Technical Cookies and Cookies serving aggregated statistical purposes
Activity strictly necessary for the functioning of the Service
Www.emporiosirenuse.com uses Cookies to save the User's session and to carry out other activities that are strictly necessary for the operation of www.emporiosirenuse.com, for example in relation to the distribution of traffic.
Activity regarding the saving of preferences, optimization, and statistics
Www.emporiosirenuse.com uses Cookies to save browsing preferences and to optimize the User's browsing experience. Among these Cookies are, for example, those used for the setting of language and currency preferences or for the management of first party statistics employed directly by the Owner of the site.
Other types of Cookies or third parties that install Cookies
Some of the services listed below collect statistics in an anonymized and aggregated form and may not require the consent of the User or may be managed directly by the Owner - depending on how they are described - without the help of third parties.
If any third party operated services are listed among the tools below, these may be used to track Users’ browsing habits – in addition to the information specified herein and without the Owner’s knowledge. Please refer to the privacy policy of the listed services for detailed information.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of www.emporiosirenuse.com, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out. Privacy Shield participant.
How to provide or withdraw consent to the installation of Cookies
In addition to what is specified in this document, the User can manage preferences for Cookies directly from within their own browser and prevent – for example – third parties from installing Cookies. Through browser preferences, it is also possible to delete Cookies installed in the past, including the Cookies that may have saved the initial consent for the installation of Cookies by this website. Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Google Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Apple Safari and Microsoft Internet Explorer.
With regard to Cookies installed by third parties, Users can manage their preferences and withdrawal of their consent by clicking the related opt-out link (if provided), by using the means provided in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party.
Notwithstanding the above, the Owner informs that Users may follow the instructions provided on the subsequently linked initiatives by the EDAA (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document.
Owner and Data Controller
EMPORIO LE SIRENUSE S.r.l. - Via Chiesa Nuova, 1 - 84017 Positano (SA) (Italia)
Owner contact email: customers@emporiosirenuse.com
Since the installation of third-party Cookies and other tracking systems through the services used within www.emporiosirenuse.com cannot be technically controlled by the Owner, any specific references to Cookies and tracking systems installed by third parties are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, the User is kindly requested to consult the privacy policy for the respective third-party services listed in this document.
Given the objective complexity surrounding the identification of technologies based on Cookies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of Cookies by www.emporiosirenuse.com.
- Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of www.emporiosirenuse.com or the related Services.
The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, www.emporiosirenuse.com may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, www.emporiosirenuse.com and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with www.emporiosirenuse.com (System logs) use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose.
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
How “Do Not Track” requests are handled
Www.emporiosirenuse.com does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
- Changes to this privacy policy
The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page and possibly within www.emporiosirenuse.com and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required.
- Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically through www.emporiosirenuse.com (or third-party services employed in www.emporiosirenuse.com), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use www.emporiosirenuse.com, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using www.emporiosirenuse.com who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject.
Data Subject
The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of www.emporiosirenuse.com. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of www.emporiosirenuse.com.
Www.emporiosirenuse.com (or this Application)
The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed.
Service
The service provided by www.emporiosirenuse.com as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
European Union (or EU)
Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area.
Cookies
Small sets of data stored in the User's device.
Legal information
This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation).
This privacy policy relates solely to www.emporiosirenuse.com, if not stated otherwise within this document.
Latest update: May 15, 2018
Safety
The user data is protected to the extent possible against loss, falsification, manipulation and misuse by third parties.
We guarantee:
- the highest level of reliability and safety to assure Customers that the site is secure
- that the information submitted through the web browser or other devices remain confidential. For further information of a legal nature relating to the treatment and protection of user data, please read the Privacy Policy of the site.
Force majeure
The Seller shall not be liable in the event of a total or partial default of its obligations arising from any contracts concluded under the present general conditions of sale, if such failure is caused by unpredictable events and/or natural events beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation but not limited to, catastrophic natural events, acts of terrorism, war, riots, lack of electricity, the general strike of workers in public and/or private, strike and / or restrictions on the viability of couriers and air links.
Governing law and jurisdiction
Any contract of sale concluded between the Seller and the Customer in accordance with these general conditions of sale shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian laws. In any case, they will be granted without prejudice to any further rights granted to Customer by mandatory provisions of law in force in the State of residence of the latter.
Any disputes will be settled by the Court in Milano, except in cases where such provision are not applicable due to the mandatory rules of law in force in the country of residence of the Customer.
Validity of clauses
The headings of the terms used here are purely indicative and have no effect on the identification of the contents and interpretation of this contract.
These General Conditions of Sale shall not affect the rights conferred by Italian law to the Consumer.
In the event that any provision, or part of any provision, of these terms and conditions, should be held to be invalid because it is inconsistent or contrary to the rule of law,  all other provisions of this Agreement, or parts of the same provision, shall remain in full force and effect.
Final provisions
The Customer acknowledges that he or she has not been induced to accede to this contract by prior oral statements.
If any of these Terms and Conditions should be invalid or become invalid at a later date, this does not affect the validity of the remainder of this contract. In this case, the invalid clause is replaced with a term that represents it as closely as possible in intent and economic purposes or with the appropriate legal provisions. The Seller reserves the right to amend these terms and conditions at any time. The amended general terms and conditions are made available on the website http://www.emporiosirenuse.com