http://www.cherryactive.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
×
Privacy Policy
Home
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Active Edge (Nutrition) Limited uses and protects any information that you give when you use this website.
If you wish to subscribe to our mailing list, please email hello@active-edge.co.uk or click this link.
Active Edge® is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Active Edge® may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 18/05/2018.
What we collect
Some examples of personal data collected and processed includes, but are not limited, to the following:
Name
Billing address and or delivery address
Contact number(s), mobile or landline
Email address
Banking information for payment transaction purposes
Reason(s) for registering your interest or making purchases
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Processing orders/deliveries
Internal record keeping (accounting)
We may use the information to improve our products and services
We may periodically send customised emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
Why did you receive an email from us
The emails you receive from us are permission based. If you receive an email from us, our records indicate you have expressly shared your email address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (opt-in), or you have registered, purchased or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings to you.
How can you stop receiving emails from us
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving emails from us or to change your expressed interest. If you wish to do this, simply follow the 'Unsubscribe' link at the end of any subsequent email
Should you wish to seek further clarification, please do not hesitate to contact us at hello@active-edge.co.uk.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies via your web browser settings. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for privacy on those websites.
Controlling your personal information
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at hello@active-edge.co.uk
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Active Edge (Nutrition) Limited, Unit 18 Mill Farm Business Park, Millfield Road, Hanworth, TW4 5PY
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to Active Edge (Nutrition) Limited, Unit 18 Mill Farm Business Park, Millfield Road, Hanworth, TW4 5PY or email us (hello@active-edge.co.uk) as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Active Edge
Our StoryContact Us
Information
FAQT&CsDeliveries info
Policies
Privacy PolicyReturns PolicyCookie Policy
Customer Care:
UK: 08451 705 705
Copyright © 2019, Active Edge. All Rights Reserved.
0