http://www.jtsports.co.uk/spages/privacy-statement.htm
jamiebadminton@icloud.com
Search:
The Badminton, Squash and Tennis Specialist since 1990!
You are here: Home
JT Sports Privacy Policy
By visiting jtsports.co.uk, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Controllers of Personal Information
Any personal information provided or to be gathered by jtsports.co.uk is controlled by JT Sports and Leisure.
Collection and Use of Personal Information About Customers
The information we learn from customers helps us personalise and continually improve your shopping experience at jtsports.co.uk.
We use the information to handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, communicate with you about orders, products, services and promotional offers, update our records and generally maintain your accounts with us, display content such as wish lists and customer reviews and recommend merchandise and services that might be of interest to you.
We also use this information to improve our store and platform, prevent or detect fraud or abuses of our Web site and enable third parties to carry out technical, logistical or other functions on our behalf.
Types of Information we gather
Here are the types of information we gather.
Information you give us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way.
You can choose not to provide certain information but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Automatic information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us.
For example, like many Web sites, we use "cookies" and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses jtsports.co.uk.
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalised experience at jtsports.co.uk if we cannot recognise you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail communications:
To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from jtsports.co.uk if your computer supports such capabilities.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Account Preferences.
Information from other sources:
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
Does jtsports.co.uk Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling it to others.
Protection of jtsports.co.uk and others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements or to protect the rights, property or safety of jtsports.co.uk, our users or others.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
This does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Notice.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
No credit card numbers are ever retained by ourselves and all credit card transactions are processed by the ePQD online service from Barclays.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personally identifiable customer information.
Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer.
Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?
Jtsports.co.uk gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with jtsports.co.uk.
This list will change as our Web site evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such jtsports.co.uk features as your Account Details.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the "What Information Can I Access?" section above. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the previous version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please adjust your Account Preferences.
The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether.
However, you will not be able to use many important features if you do not use cookies.
Conditions of Use, Notices and Revisions
If you choose to visit jtsports.co.uk, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the laws of England.
If you have any concern about privacy at jtsports.co.uk, please send a thorough description to privacy@jtsports.co.uk and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also.
We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Basket
Your basket is empty.
Online Shop
Special Offers
Badminton Tennis Squash RacketBall Clothing Footwear Luggage Restringing
BrandsAircastAshawayBabolatBLACK KNIGHTButterflyCarltonDonicDunlopektelonHi-TecK SwissKarakalLi-ningLP SupportsLuxilonPointforePrinceSlazengerTalbotTechnifibreUnsquashableVictorVulkanYonexYonexMNTISVolklMANTISRansomeSalmingKirschbaumKirschbaumView all brands
Shopping
Register
My Account
Forgot Password?
Find Our Wickham Shop
Information
About Us
Opening Hours
Friends of JT Sports
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Shipping
Contact Us
JT Sports, The Square, Wickham, PO17 5JT
## Powered by ELXR ##