http://www.furniturefinders.com/dboffice/index.php?page=extra&pg=privacy
Toggle navigation
FurnitureFinders
Go
Advanced Search
Browse
All Listings
Chairs
Conference Tables
Cubicles
Desks
Desking and Benching
File Cabinets
Reception Area
Parts and Accessories
New Office Furniture
New Chairs
New Conference Tables
New Cubicles
New Desks
New Desking and Benching
New File Cabinets
New Reception Area
New Parts and Accessories
Used Office Furniture
Used Chairs
Used Conference Tables
Used Cubicles
Used Desks
Used Desking and Benching
Used File Cabinets
Used Reception Area
Used Parts and Accessories
Refurbished Office Furniture
Refurbished Chairs
Refurbished Conference Tables
Refurbished Cubicles
Refurbished Desks
Refurbished Desking and Benching
Refurbished File Cabinets
Refurbished Reception Area
Refurbished Parts and Accessories
Find a Dealer
Resource Center
Buyers Guide
Featured Manufacturers
Archived Listings
Recommended Links
About
About Us
Customer Testimonials
Contact
Contact Us
Sell Used Office Furniture
Become a Dealer
Find New and Used Office Furniture Nationwide
Login  |
Register
Call our Furniture Experts:  (800) 590-1560
(800) 590-1560
(800) 590-1560
FurnitureFinders Privacy Policy
To protect our customers from spamming, FurnitureFinders never shares customer information with anyone other than individual qualified dealers.
This Privacy Policy details how FurnitureFinders treats the information that FurnitureFinders collects and receives, including information related to your use of FurnitureFinders products and services.
This privacy practice applies to our services available under the domain and sub domains of www.furniturefinders.com.
Personal information is information about you or your company that is personally identifiable, such as your name, company name, address, email address, phone number, or description of your needs, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that FurnitureFinders does not own or control or to people that FurnitureFinders does not employ or manage.
By accepting the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use when you register for a FurnitureFinders account, you expressly consent to our disclosure and use of your personal information in accordance with the guidelines expressed in this Privacy Policy.
1.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
If you register as a "Buyer" for office furniture, your registration information will be provided to a dealer if you request to contact the dealer by clicking on "Contact This Dealer".
This way, both the buyer and dealer have information about each other in order to assist with any transaction.
You can decide how much information to share with Dealers based on how much information you provide in your Buyer Profile, which can be edited at any time.
FurnitureFinders may contact you if we can help you find what you need, or we may give your contact information to a dealer in our network in order to assist you.
If you do not want any information given to any dealers, do not register.
To protect our customers from spamming, FurnitureFinders never shares customer information with anyone other than individual qualified dealers.
If you are a Seller, other visitors to our web site may view your personal information that you provide, such as your name, address, phone number, city, region and items or messages that you have posted on our web site.
You can decide how much information to share with others based on how much information you provide in your Buyer Profile, which can be edited at any time.
Of course, once you provide personal information to a buyer or seller on our web site, FurnitureFinders has no control over how that information is used by that individual.
You should discuss any privacy concerns you may have with any individual you meet through our web site, as the only protection you will have is whatever terms you agree to directly with this individual.
Nothing in this Policy shall limit, prohibit, or otherwise deny the ability of FurnitureFinders to (1) transfer, assign, or sell its assets, including, without limitation, the assets of our web site, to a third party or (2) dispose of its assets in any manner through bankruptcy or similar proceeding.
FurnitureFinders also makes no representations regarding, and disclaims all liability arising out of or related to, the accuracy or completeness of the information it collects and discloses through our Site.
For more information see our "Changes to our Privacy Policy" section below.
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
FurnitureFinders cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as fraud, to help protect you and the FurnitureFinders community.
In response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, address, telephone number, email address, and Member ID without a subpoena.
Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to: prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity.
On account of the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.
2.
Information Collection
When you register on our Site, we ask for information such as your name, email address, phone number, description of items needed, and other information as indicated on the forms throughout the Site.
However, you can browse our web site without telling us who you are or revealing personal information about yourself.
Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.
You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.
FurnitureFinders may receive information on our server logs showing what pages you request.
The information collected from FurnitureFinders members is used to improve product offerings, customize the web site's content and layout, and for marketing and statistical effort.
If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address.
We will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site.
We store this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program.
If you complete a survey rating a dealer, we may post your comments on our site.
Your full name will remain anonymous, and we will not post your company name, your purchase amount or any other details about your purchase.
If you send personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
3.
Children
Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use the web site unsupervised and we ask that children do not submit any personal information to us.
If you are under the age of 18, you may only use the web site in conjunction with and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who is a registered member of FurnitureFinders.
4.
Cookies
FurnitureFinders may set and access FurnitureFinders "cookies" on your computer.
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user.
Usage of a cookie does not link to any personally identifiable information while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies.
For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates.
A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time.
Cookies were implemented to allow user-side customization of Web information.
Cookie related information is used by FurnitureFinders to facilitate the user's transactions and to improve our service offering to better match the user's needs.
5.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files.
This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze user trends and administer the site.
6.
Your Ability to Edit and Deactivate Your Account Information
You can edit your FurnitureFinders account information by going to the My Profile or Buyer Profile page.
We may send you certain communications relating to the FurnitureFinders service, such as service announcements and administrative messages that are considered part of your FurnitureFinders account.
Occasionally, we may send you emails about new services or promotions.
Upon your request, we will
remove your email address from our mailing list, and deactivate your contact information, billing information and any financial information from our active databases.
To make this request, email us with your request.
Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible based on your account activity and in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law.
We will retain in our files some personal information you have requested to remove to prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce User Agreement and comply with legal requirements as is permitted by law.
Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests.
However, such personal information will be deactivated from public and member viewing and will only be available to select FurnitureFinders personnel.
7.
Confidentiality and Security
FurnitureFinders takes every precaution to protect our members' information.
When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy.
We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company.
Your FurnitureFinders account information is password-protected.
8.
Your Responsibilities
Your privacy is extremely important to FurnitureFinders and we do everything that we can to help you protect your personal information.
Please keep in mind, however, that whenever you voluntarily disclose your personal or company information online - for example, when contacting dealers, listing items for sale as a seller, or through email - that information will be seen and can be used by others.
In short, by posting personal information online that is publicly accessible, you may receive unsolicited communication from other parties in return.
9.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
FurnitureFinders may update this policy at any time by posting the amended terms on the web site.
All amended terms that are material changes shall become effective 30 days after prominent notice is posted on the site.
If you have questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy and practices, please contact us at:
FurnitureFinders, Inc.
P.O. Box 3605
Manhattan Beach, CA 90266
For over 15 years, we've helped companies save money and find quality new and used office furniture
PO Box 3605, Manhattan Beach CA 90266
Phone:  800 590-1560
Buyers
Get complete dealer information online:
See a Sample Profile
Register now free
Every dealer is carefully screened, qualified, and monitored
Sellers
Sell Your Furniture
Call us for a consultation
Office Furniture Liquidations
About Us
Who We Are
How We Work
Locations
Helpful Links
Office Furniture Search
Compare New and Used Furniture
About Refurbished
2016 © FurnitureFinders.  All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
×
Create Free Account to View Dealer Contact Info for Any Listing
×
Registration Complete
Now, just go to any item you like and click on the
Contact This Dealer link.
You will get complete dealer information online so you can contact that dealer!
Close