https://www.foamez.com/privacy-notice/
Home/ Privacy Notice
Our PromiseFoam E-Z respects your privacy and promises to earn and keep your trust. At Foam E-Z, we understand the importance of privacy, and we want you to be as comfortable as possible visiting our website and using its services. All information about you is kept confidential and will not be used in ways that you have not consented. We will not sell or disclose any information that identifies you to a third party without your explicit approval, except to the extent necessary to comply with applicable law, legal process or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant.Questions regarding this policy and our practice should be directed to Foam E-Z Customer Service, either by e-mail to info@foamez.com, by telephone at 714-896-8233, or by postal mail to Foam E-Z, 6341 Industry Way Suite I, Westminster, CA. USA .Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms and Conditions of use. It tells you what information we collect, how we protect it, and what choices you have about how that information is used. Most information collected is to enable us to best meet your needs as an action sports participant in a highly customized and responsive manner.Under 13Foam E-Z does not allow children under the age of thirteen (13) to register because Foam E-Z must comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule, which prohibits the online collection of personal information from people under 13.Please note that any information that you reveal in a public forum (such as a bulletin board or chat room/event) will be seen by third parties not related to Foam E-Z and is therefore not subject to this Privacy Policy. Also, if you link to a third party site from Foam E-Z, any information you reveal on that site is not subject to this Privacy Policy. You should consult the Privacy Policies of each site you visit.Your ConsentFoam E-Z may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our website. Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site.Section 1Personal Information We CollectWe collect information in three distinct areas: 1) Membership enrollment and Profile creation, 2) Interaction with the website and solution tools, and 3) Mail order catalog and the Shop. The information we collect in these areas includes:Alerts/Newsletter subscription Membership enrollment and Profile creation: Name*, Address*, Phone Number*, Password*, E-mail address*. All personal information is protected by your password. Interaction with action sports tools: Foam E-Z presents interactive tools to assist you in making purchasing decisions, in doing so, Foam E-Z collects personal information for the sole purpose in helping you make the best decisions.Required information is indicated by an asterisk*. Provision of all other information is optional.We also collect information about your use of our site, directly and through the use of “Cookies”. Cookies are small computer files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive that allows us to know how often someone visits our site. This information helps us customize our website specifically for you and also allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our site and for what purpose. Cookies cannot retrieve personal information from your computer.Section 2Use and Disclosure of Personal InformationPersonal Information will not be released to third parties without you explicit permission. Foam E-Z may provide your information to third parties in aggregate with others’ information, which does not allow you to be identified pr contacted (“Aggregate Information”), For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of our site and the activities they conduct while on our site. Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge for this information.Section 3How Foam E-Z Handles Privacy InternallyWe use industry-standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers where appropriate. Nevertheless, absolute security does not exist on the internet.Section 4Your privacy choicesYou always have options on our site. You can opt in or out of our email lists. If you’d like to get on an e-mail list (to receive information about new products from our store), simply go to that area and sign up. If you’d like your name to be taken off, follow the “unsubscribe” directions in any e-mail you receive from us. If you have any questions about how seriously we take your privacy, have a look at our other sections here.Cookies: you can always disable cookies on your computer. We don’t recommend you disable cookies because some of our coolest features are enhanced by cookie information, and it’s a way for us to make the site better for you. Plus, cookies are alphanumeric designations on your computer hard drive that don’t provide us with any personal data. But, it’s your choice. The way to do it is to go to your Internet browser (like Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator) and look up “cookies” in the help menu. Any other questions? E-mail us at info@foamez.com.Section 5Updating Your Personal Information and Contacting Foam E-ZYou can always contact us in order to delete your Personal Information from our systems by e-mailing us at info@foamez.com. You can always update the Personal Information that you have provided to us and change your Privacy choices by clicking the “update my information” on the web site.Your ConsentFoam E-Z may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our web site. In the event that any changes are made to use of your personal information, you will be informed via e-mail, and will afford you the opportunity to opt-out of any further use. Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Customer Service 714-896-8233 Save & Share Cart
Your Shopping Cart will be saved and you'll be given a link. You, or anyone with the link, can use it to retrieve your Cart at any time.
Save Cart & Generate Link
Send Cart in an Email
Done! close
Empty cart. Please add products before saving :)
Back
Save & Share Cart
Your Shopping Cart will be saved with Product pictures and information, and Cart Totals. Then send it to yourself, or a friend, with a link to retrieve it at any time.
To
From Name
SubjectHave a look at this Shopping Cart sent by a friend via Foam E-Z, The Original One-Stop Surfboard Supply Shop
Send Cart Email
Your cart email sent successfully :)