https://www.omegabrite.com/return-and-exchange-policy/
Skip to content
Home/Return and Exchange Policy
Return and Exchange Policyp19832017-10-03T10:50:05+01:00
RETURN AND EXCHANGE POLICY
View our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, or our Shipping Policy.
This Return and Exchange Policy was last revised on: May 15th, 2016.
We want you to be overjoyed and extremely satisfied with your purchase. If you’d like to return or exchange a phone or online order, please call Customer Care toll-free to obtain a return authorization, and receive further instructions:
1.800.383.2030
Monday – Friday: 8:00am to 4:00pm EST
OmegaBrite products that are purchased directly from OmegaBrite may be returned within thirty (30) days from the date of purchase. Please mail the product via certified mail to the address on the delivery label and packing slip included in your shipment. You must pay for shipping the return or exchange back to us, and as part of our Return and Exchange Policy we cannot refund you for any such costs. For returns, once we receive your product, we will process the return and you will be credited the full cost of the product returned less shipping and handling. For exchanges, once we receive your product, we will process the exchange and the full cost of the product returned less shipping and handling will be credited to your new exchange order for your desired new product; if the price for the new items you want, plus shipping and handling, totals less than the total of your returned items less shipping and handling, then you will also receive a refund for that difference, conversely if it totals more, then you will be charged for the difference.
Once we process your return we will credit your payment card. The credit may take several weeks to show on your bill depending on your credit card company. If you have any questions we can provide you with the credit transaction number and you can call the credit card company. Once we have processed the return we no longer have any control over the time it takes to credit your account or show on your statement.
If in the rare event we supply the wrong product or if the product is in any way damaged as a result of a manufacturing defect, please notify us within 30 days of receiving the product and we will provide an exchange upon receipt. If for any reason replacement is not possible, we will refund you for the purchase price including delivery cost upon receipt of the returned product. We will not be liable for any claim whatsoever in nature that arose from products used after the expiry period; based on any warranty, whether express or implied.
Here are some common questions about returns:
How are returned items credited back to me?
Returned items are normally credited in the original form of payment.
How long does it take to process a return?
Please allow up to 30 days for your return to be processed from the day you return your package. We will notify you by phone or email once we have processed your return.
How much time do I have to return an item?
You can return an item up to 30 days after the date we shipped your order. Please call 1.800.383.2030 to obtain a return authorization and receive further instructions.
How can I check on the status of my return or exchange?
Email updates@omegabrite.com or give us a call at 1.800.383.2030 and we will be happy to assist you. Returns usually take up to 30 days to process after they have reached us.
Product has been added to your basket.
Continue Shopping
Checkout
0
Your Cart - (Shipping determined at checkout)
No items found.Start Shopping NowLogin
Shop
OmegaBrite Gelcaps OmegaBrite AutoRefill
About UsBenefits of OmegaBrite
All About Omega-3’s Brighter Mood General Health and Well-being Heart Health Joint Comfort and Mobility
TestimonialsFAQCheckoutMy Account LoginCustomers Login (before Sept 2017)Contact UsBlog
We may use cookies and other similar technologies (together “cookies”) to collect data about your browser, device and location to offer you a better experience and to understand how the site is used. By continuing to use this application, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy. California law considers some of this activity to be a “sale” of personal data. To learn more and make choices, click on "Do Not Sell My Information." Page.
Accept Cookies
Go to Top