https://www.tubeman.com/index.php?l=page_view&p=privacy_policy
Currency
U.S. Dollar (USD)
My Account
My Account
Wishlist
View Cart
Login / Create Account
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your cart is currently empty
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart & Checkout
Menu
Home
Categories
New ProductsCryogenically Treated Tubes the most cost-effective tweak for your audio systemVacuum Tubes Small Signal types audio, radio, guitarPower Output Tubes for audio guitar amps ham radioVacuum Tubes Octal types 8 pin base 6SN7,6SL7, etc.Vacuum Tubes Rectifiers 5AR4,GZ34,274B,5U4GB etc.Sockets & Plate Caps/Grid CapsVacuum Tubes Electron Tubes for Broadcast Industrial and Special Purpose
About Us
What We Sell
How To Find Products
How To Order or Inquire
Sell Us Your Tubes!
Policies & Statements
Contact Us
Categories
New Products (10)
Cryogenically Treated Tubes the most cost-effective tweak for your audio system (59)
Vacuum Tubes Small Signal types audio, radio, guitar (130)
Power Output Tubes for audio guitar amps ham radio (63)
Vacuum Tubes Octal types 8 pin base 6SN7,6SL7, etc. (27)
Vacuum Tubes Rectifiers 5AR4,GZ34,274B,5U4GB etc. (25)
Sockets & Plate Caps/Grid Caps (27)
Vacuum Tubes Electron Tubes for Broadcast Industrial and Special Purpose (80)
Home » Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so.
Information Collection & Use:
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security:
This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, please send an e-mail to info@tubeman.com.
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Contact Us
Advanced Search
Site Map
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wishlist
Lake Worth, FL 561-614-9128 info@tubeman.com
TubeMan.com ©Copyright 2020 TubeMan.com   |   Powered by SunShop "Shopping Cart Software"