https://www.boutique-flamenco.com/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for boutique-flamenco.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We only have access to collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell information to anyone else under any circumstances. We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We do not share information with any third party, other than to fulfill your request, such as to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials or new products or services. Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website. Security We take precautions to protect our clients information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of our web page. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, order fulfillment) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers or servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email or telephone at 727-400-6804.
MENU
HomeSpanish Fans
Large Pericon Fans Standard Size Dance Fans Hand Painted Wood Hand Painted Lace Trimmed Collector Fans Lace Fans Screen Printed Solid Color Fans Wedding & Special Occasion Contemporary Fans Custom Fans OOPS – Practice Fans Fan Accessories Shawls & Veils
Manton Shawls Mantilla Veils & Chapel Veils Flamenco
Castanets Peineta Combs Earrings & Accessories Flamenco Shoes Childrens Flamenco Sale Gifts
Damascene Jewelry Spanish Dolls Party Favors & Souvenirs About
Our Story Contact Us Volume Pricing Terms and Conditions