http://www.rogueinvestor.com/privacy_policy.html
Investing for the Individual Investor
Privacy Policy
Welcome
to rogueinvestor.com. We have adopted this Privacy Policy ("Policy") in
order to demonstrate our strong commitment to privacy. We recognize the
importance of protecting the privacy of Personally Identifiable
Information ("PII" or "Information") collected about users ("Users") of
our Web site ("Site"). PII includes your name, mailing address and
e-mail address, and "click stream" data which track how you use an
online service. Our Policy guides how we collect, secure, use and
disclose this PII about our customers and prospects. Our intent is to
balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using this
Information against your reasonable expectations of privacy.
Mind
Like Water, Inc.® owns and operates rogueinvestor.com. Any references
herein to rogueinvestor.com shall be deemed to refer to
mindlikewater.com and/or Mind Like Water, Inc.®, as applicable under
the circumstances.
INFORMATION
WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
When you visit rogueinvestor.com, we collect some basic information
that does not identify individual Users. This includes which pages are
visited, types of products and services purchased, and any feedback
from our Users. We then aggregate all of this information to improve
our Site and make your experience on the Site as valuable and efficient
as possible.
Ordering
Products and Services.
When you order products or services from Mind Like Water, we will ask
for your name, e-mail address, billing and shipping addresses, phone
number, credit card account number and expiration date. We use this
information to fill your order and to provide you with information
about your order (such as whether your order has been received,
processed or shipped). Credit card information is used to bill you for
products or services you have ordered and to track sales. We ask for
your phone number (but it's not required) in the event that we need to
contact you and cannot reach you by e-mail. We save the information
about products you purchased to provide you with the best possible
customer service and the most up-to-date information about your order.
Occassionaly, we or our business associates may contact you regarding
similar products of interest. If you ever wish to be removed from
receiving information, offers or any related services, please contact
us using one of the methods listed in this policy.
CHILDRENS'
GUIDELINES
rogueinvestor.com does not knowingly collect any personal information
from children under 13 years of age. WHENEVER A USER DISCLOSES
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ON OUR SITE, THE USER IS
REPRESENTING THAT HE OR SHE IS 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER. We suggest
that parents get involved with their children's access to the Internet
and our Site to ensure that their child's privacy is well protected.
OPT-OUT
OPTION
We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about
important functionality changes to rogueinvestor.com, new features,
products and services, and special offers we think you'll find
valuable. If you would prefer not to receive future mailings, simply
e-mail us at newsletter@mind-like-water.com
(or contact us at the address provided in the paragraph OUR ADDRESS
below) to let us know about your opt-out preference.
REPORT EMAIL
ABUSE
To report any
abuse of your email address, please send an email with a detailed
message regarding your complaint to
abuse@rogueinvestor.com. Rogue Investor will respond to your
complaint within 5 business days.
DISCLOSURE
OF PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES
The personal information you provide is used to deliver a personalized
experience to you on rogueinvestor.com. We may occassionally work with
other related companies to provide you related services or offers. We
may provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, customers, sales,
traffic patterns, and related Site information to reputable
third-parties, but these statistics will include no personal
information.
rogueinvestor.com
reserves the right to release Information about our Users when we
believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to
(1) comply with the law, (2) enforce or apply our Terms of Use or this Policy, or (3)
protect the rights, property, or safety of rogueinvestor.com, our
Users, or others.
SECURE
SERVER
Purchasing the Rogue Investor Investment Package is absolutely safe -
you never have to worry about credit card safety when you are shopping
at Mind Like Water. We guarantee that each purchase
you make is protected and safe. If fraudulent charges are ever made,
you will not have to pay for them.
We
use the latest encryption technology to keep your purchase safe. All
your ordering information - including your name, address, and credit
card number - is encrypted using a secure server for maximum security.
Your credit card and billing information cannot be read as it travels
to our ordering system.
Credit
card transactions are handled by Mind Like Water, Inc. If you feel more
comfortable doing so, you are welcome to call in your credit card
information and complete your purchase by phone. You may also send
money or a check to the address provided in the paragraph OUR
ADDRESS below. Read our Safe Shopping
Guarantee for more information.
LINKS
rogueinvestor wants you to be aware that when you click on links or ads
that take you to third-party Web sites, you will be subject to the
third parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of
privacy on the Internet, rogueinvestor.com is not responsible for the
privacy practices, content or actions of third parties. We encourage
you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any
Web site.
QUESTIONS
AND CONCERNS?
We welcome comments and questions. Please e-mail us at info@rogueinvestor.com or
contact us at the address provided in the paragraph OUR ADDRESS
below.
REVIEW AND
CORRECTION
You may request a copy of the information rogueinvestor.com has
collected about you, as well as update or change this Information.
Simply e-mail us at info@rogueinvestor.com
or contact us at the address provided in the paragraph OUR ADDRESS
below.
YOUR
CONSENT
By using this Site, you consent to the collection and use of your
Information by rogueinvestor.com as described in this Policy, and you
signify your agreement to this Policy. mind-like-water. com may update
this Policy from time to time; please check this page periodically for
changes.
OUR ADDRESS
Mind Like Water, Inc.®
5400 Johnson Drive #106
Mission, KS 66205
Phone: 913-777-9779
E-mail: info@mind-like-water.com
URL: http://www.mindlikewater.com
Home - Sample Chapter
- Testimonials
- Author Info -
About
Ordering - FAQs
- Investing
Report - Articles
- Research
Stocks - Investing
Resources - Real
Estate Definitions
Rogue Investor
(http://www.rogueinvestor.com)
Copyright 2000 - 2012, 5427 Johnson Dr. #106,
Mission, KS 66205 (913) 777-9779, info@rogueinvestor.com