https://www.stitchsensations.com/policies#returns
Skip to content
Stitch Sensations Policies And FAQ
Placing Orders
Q: How do I place an order with Stitch Sensations?A: An order can be placed with Stitch Sensations through our web page. You can go to an individual product page and then click on the “Add To Cart” button to add an item to your shopping cart, or you can first select select the “Personalize This Item” option if you would like your item customized. Once all the desired items are added to your shopping cart, you can proceed through the checkout process to complete your order. Upon completion of your order, you will be shown an order receipt in your browser window. Additionally, you will be sent an email receipt containing all of your order information. If you do not receive an email receipt within a few mintues of completing your order, please check your spam folder. At any time, you can view your order information and its processing status from your customer portal.
Q: Can I place an order by telephone?A: In order to provide the highest level of security for our customers, all customer and payment information must be submitted through an encrypted browser connection during the checkout process. Therefore, we currently do not accept orders by telephone since the transfer of the information would not be secure.
Q: What forms of payment does Stitch Sensations accept?A: We accept payments by credit card (Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express) or through PayPal. When using the PayPal payment service, you can make payments with your credit card, bank account, or existing PayPal balance.
Q: When does my order begin processing, and how long does processing take?A: Your order will begin processing almost immediately upon completion of the order submission process and the receipt of your payment. Generally, orders placed before 1 PM EST will be processed that same day, and shipped the next business day. In the event that an item is listed on our web page as out of stock or in transit, the processing of orders containing that item will be delayed until the item becomes available. Additionally, order processing will be delayed if there was an issue with the order submission process (like a potentially misspelled name, erroneous address, etc). In such cases, the order will be placed on hold until any problem issues have been resolved. In the event of any unexpected circumstances, an email notice will be sent as soon as possible to the customer to attempt to find a satisfactory resolution to those circumstances. For this reason, it is recommended that you list a regularly checked email address on your order when it is submitted.
Q: Can I make a change to my order?A: Some changes can be made to orders. If you wish to make an adjustment to an order that contains personalization, you will need to contact us as soon as possible, since we process orders very quickly and cannot make adjustments to the personalization once an item has been embroidered. If an order adjustment involves an increase in the order price, an additional payment may need to be submitted on our web page before the adjustment can be made. Please contact us by email or by our contact form to discuss any desired changes to your order.
Q: Can I cancel my order?A: If you placed an order that requested personalization, it can be canceled if the items have not yet been embroidered.
Non personalized orders can be canceled if they have not yet shipped.
Please note that we process and ship most orders within 1 business day, so you should contact us by email or by our contact form as quickly as possible if you wish to cancel an order.
Q: Can I order an item that is out of stock?A: Items that are out of stock with an estimated arrival date of more than 7 business days, cannot usually be purchased. You can contact us if you would like to be notified by email when an out of stock item becomes available.
Q: Can I place an order from outside the United States?A: You can place an order from outside the United States, but only if the order is shipping to a destination within the United States. If you reside outside the United States and would like to have an item shipped to you, you can use a freight forwarding company to assist you with that process.
We will ship items to freight forwarding companies located in the United States.
Q: Do you offer a discount for large orders?A: If you are planning on placing a large order, we may be able to accommodate a discount for your order. Please contact us by email or by our contact form to discuss the details of an order you wish to place, and what discount may be available.
Q: Do you have any coupons or promos?A: We do occasionally offer discount coupons to our customers. If you are interested in receiving coupons and information about other promos, please follow us on social media or sign up for our email newsletter.
Q: Do you offer wholesale pricing or drop-shipping for retailers?A: Stitch Sensations is a retailer and not a wholesaler. We do, however, frequently fulfill orders on behalf of other retailers at our regular retail prices. Please note that Stitch Sensations reserves the right to deny the fulfillment of any other retailer’s orders or charge a handling fee to render such services.
Product Personalization
Q: What personalization do you offer?A: Most of the items that we offer can be personalized. Personalization is done by embroidering an item.
We attempt to accommodate as many personalization requests as possible by offering a wide variety of personalization locations, characters of text, thread colors, and font styles.
Please keep in mind that items vary in size, and therefore the amount of space available for personalization will vary by item. We attempt to allow as many characters of personalization as possible without causing the quality of the embroidery to suffer.
Q: The text I want embroidered is more characters than can fit on a single line. Can you squeeze in the extra characters?A: When we set a limit on the number of characters per line of personalization, we are attempting to keep the number below the threshold that affects the quality of the embroidery.
For example, if a personalization option allows for 12 characters of text, it is likely that we are already shrinking the font size with each character above 8 characters to fit in the available space. We can continue to shrink the font size, but the appearance of the embroidery will suffer, and we prefer not to send less than optimal items to customers. With that in mind, we usually offer multiple lines of text so that more personalization can be placed on the item, if desired. In the event that you have a single line of text that exceeds the limit by 1 to 2 characters, please contact us by email or by our contact form to discuss whether we can further shrink the specific characters you desire any further.
Q: Can you do a personalization special request?A: We will attempt to accommodate as many requests as we possibly can for personalization on items.
A special request would entail personalizing an item in multiple locations, in a location that is not the usual personalization location, in a non-standard font, etc. Please note that special requests often take much extra time and effort on our part, both in the embroidery process, as well as the communication process – so there will likely be additional fees for special requests. If you are interested in a special request, please contact us before placing the order to discuss whether we can accommodate the request, and to discuss any additional fees that may be involved.
Q: What will the personalization look like?A: We attempt to represent the personalization options as clearly as possible on our web page.
Each product will have a personalization preview available prior to checkout. As you select the personalization options and enter the desired text, a representation of your specific selections will show on the product page. We also attempt to show samples of personalized items on the web page to help give a representation of the fininished product. If you are uncertain about how something will look, please contact us before placing an order so we can answer any questions you may have.
Also, if you have specific requirements regarding an item, please be sure that we can accommodate those requirements before placing your order.
Shipping
Q: How quickly do you ship items?A: We ship all orders within 1 to 2 business days, including personalized orders. If for any reason an unexpected delay in the processing of your order occurs, we will contact you by email as soon as possible to notify you of the delay and to see how you would like to proceed with your order. Please see the ordering section above for more details regarding the circumstances under which the processing of your order may be delayed.
Q: Where do you ship orders from?A: We ship all orders from our location in Bel Air, Maryland.
Q: How much does shipping cost?A: The shipping fee is calculated based on the specific items you wish to purchase, the quantity of items, and the destination the items will be shipping.
You can get a shipping calculation by adding items to your shopping cart, and then selecting the destination state in the “Calculate Shipping” section. Once you select the location and click the “Update” button, the expected shipping charges for that destination will be shown in the cart.
Q: I only see a Standard Shipping rate in the shopping cart. Do you offer expedited shipping?A: We offer expedited shipping through FedEx.
The additional shipping fees are often very high and are dependent upon the exact location and weight of the items being shipped.
For that reason, please contact us prior to placing an order to get an expedited shipping quote.
If you choose an expedited shipping option, we will send you a special product link for that shipping fee that can be added to your cart prior to checkout.
Q: Can I ship an order to a destination outside the United States?A: Although you can place an order from outside the United States, we currently only ship to destinations within the United States. If you reside outside the United States and would like to have an item shipped to you, you can use a freight forwarding company to assist you with that process.
We will ship items to freight forwarding companies located in the United States.
Q: What shipping carriers do you use?A: We ship a large majority of our orders by USPS Priority Mail, and the remaining orders by FedEx. Please see the next question for more details regarding which carrier is used.
Q: Once an order ships how long will it take before it is delivered?A: Most single item orders will ship by USPS Priority Mail with an estimated 1 to 3 business day delivery time.
The closer you are to Maryland, the shorter the time estimate.
For orders that contain two or more items, we will generally ship by the lowest cost method of USPS Priority Mail or FedEx ground. The FedEx ground estimated delivery times are 1 to 5 days, where the shortest time estimates apply to locations closest to Maryland. For orders with three or more items, a signature will usually be required at delivery. If you (or the intended recipient) is not likely to be available for delivery at the normal residential location during delivery times, please consider shipping the package to a work location so someone will be available to receive the package. If nobody is available to receive the delivery, a notice should be left with instructions on how to arrange for re-delivery or pickup of the package.
Q: Will I receive tracking information for my order?A: An email containing tracking information will be sent to the email address listed on your order once the package has shipped. For this reason, it is recommended that you list a regularly checked email address on your order when it is submitted. Additionally, you can view the tracking information for each specific order in your customer portal.
Q: My order is a gift going to a recipient. Will there be pricing information in the package?A: We do not include any pricing information in the package when it ships to a recipient.
Q: Can I include a gift message with my order?A: You can add a gift message to your order in your shopping cart, before completing the checkout process. This message will show on the recipient’s packing slip that is included in the shipping package. Please note that the packing slip will list the gift message and the items included in the package, but will not include any pricing information.
Returns And Refunds
Q: I have received an item that has a defect or an error in the personalization. What should I do?A: If you receive an item that has a defect or an error that was our fault, we will make every effort to resolve the issue to your satisfaction. Please contact us to discuss the problem with us so we can determine the best way to resolve the issue. We will also attempt to work with errors that were not our fault, but please note that we usually cannot fix personalization errors after an item has been embroidered. For this reason, we suggest that you double check the spelling of all names, dates, or any other personalization before you submit your order. If you notice an error on your order after it has been submitted, please contact us immediately so we can attempt to correct the error before your order has been embroidered or shipped.
Q: I have changed my mind about an item I purchased. Can I return the item for a refund?A: Generally, non-personalized items can be returned for a refund as long as they are in unused condition and have all original parts and packaging.
Once an item is personalized, however, it is no longer in unused condition and is not returnable for a refund, with the exception of items with defects or errors, as discussed above. Please see below for more details on returns.
Q: What do I need to do to return an item that is eligible for a refund or exchange?A: If you have an item that you would like to return, please contact us to confirm the eligibility of that item for a refund or exchange.
Once the item has been confirmed, you will be given instructions on how to return the item to us. Please note that you will be responsible for the shipping cost of returning any items to us that are without defects or errors. Additionally, the original shipping fees for such items are not refundable.
Q: I am returning an item. How much of a refund will I receive?A: Once you have received confirmation that an item is eligible for a refund, and followed our instructions for returning the item, the item will go through an inspection once we receive it at our office.
If the item is in unused condition and has all parts and packaging, then you will usually receive a refund for the original purchase amount of the item. If there is some reason that you would not receive a full refund, that will be discussed prior to you returning the item to us.
Privacy And Security
Q: What personal information do you collect?A: When you place an order, you will provide your personal contact information, shipping information, as well as your credit card information (if the credit card payment method is selected). The credit card information is never stored on our servers or local computers and is only stored by our credit card processing company. In the event that you sign up for our newsletter, you will be providing your name and an email address.
Q: Do you share any of my information with third parties?A: We only share your information with third parties when it is necessary for the order processing process, or other services you have requested, such as receiving a newsletter.
Some third parties with which we share your information are shipping companies, credit card processing companies, and our newsletter management service provider. If you share any personal information on third party sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, or other similar social sites, the information that is shared will be determined by their information sharing policies.
Q: Do you use cookies or tracking software on your site?A: We use cookies on our site to assist in the web page navigation process as well as customizing web pages to user preferences. We also use cookies to gather general visitor information about pages visited and other statistics. We also use web page analytics software such as Google Analytics on our web page. Some social sites, like Facebook and Pinterest may also track clicks of their social buttons on our web page. If you wish to block any access by these third party services, you can set the appropriate settings in your internet browser.
Q: Is my information secure?A: We take security very seriously and comply with the credit card industry PCI Compliance requirements.
At no time do we ever come in direct contact with any credit card information, and we do not store any such information on our servers or local computers. All information entered on our web page is SSL encrypted during transmission for your security and privacy.
Our full Privacy Policy can be viewed here.
Close Menu
×
×Cart