https://www.penedeneflowers.co.uk/privacy.php?sid=a274ec6b9414ba1afd644fdbdbb82144
01963 220 460 Your BasketCheckout
Home~About Us~Arrangements
~Orchids
~Plants
~Loose Flowers
~News & Events~Contact Us
Website Privacy Policy
Introduction
Pene Dene Flowers respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data and ensuring it is used in line with your expectations. This privacy policy explains what personal data we collect when you use this website, how we use it and how we protect it.
We keep our privacy policy under regular review; the latest version is published on this page and was last updated on 24th May 2018.
The personal data we collect
Usage Data: As you navigate around our website our website provider records data about your visit; the only personal data we collect is your IP address which uniquely identifies a connection to the Internet.
Contact Data: If you choose to contact us using one of the forms or e-mail links found on our website then you will need to provide personal data pertinent to your enquiry which typically includes your name and e-mail address and/or telephone number.
Sales Data: If you place an order with us you will need to provide personal data including your name, e-mail address, telephone number, billing/delivery address and any additional information pertinent to your order.
How we use your personal data
Usage Data is used to protect the integrity of our service by allowing our website provider to monitor how our website is being used and to help prevent malicious activities.
Contact Data is used to respond to your enquiry.
Sales Data is used to fulfill your order and to communicate with you about your order.
Who we share your personal data with
Usage Data is held by our website provider, Sherborne Web Design Ltd, for 6 months before being deleted.
Sales Data is shared with both our payment provider (PayPal) and any delivery service used to deliver your order. We only share the personal data relevant to their part of the sales process. Our website provider, Sherborne Web Design Ltd, can also access our Sales Data when required in order to investigate issues and/or make improvements to our website; we work closely with them to ensure your personal data is secure.
We will never share your personal data with any other organisation to use for their own purposes unless required to do so by law.
How we keep your personal data secure
We are committed to ensuring that your personal data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
All personal data is encrypted to guard against interception by unauthorised persons (look for the green padlock on your web browser).
How long we keep your personal data for
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
Your rights with respect to your data
You have the right to:
Request a copy of the personal data we hold about you;
Request we correct any personal data we hold about you that is inaccurate;
Request we delete or stop processing your personal data.
Please note that any requests for correction/deletion may be refused due to other requirements including, but not limited to, legal or accounting requirements.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights please e-mail pene@penedene.com or write to The Stables, Sigwells, Sherborne, Dorset, DT9 4LN. For security reasons we may require you to provide proof of your identity and/or additional information that will help us respond to your request. We will respond to all legitimate requests within four weeks.
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). We would appreciate the opportunity to address your concerns before you approach the ICO; please contact us in the first instance using the contact details above.
Cookies and how we use them
A cookie is a small file which may be placed on your device when you visit a website; this file holds a modest amount of data specific to the website and your use of it. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer; please refer to your browser's help facility for further information.
This site uses cookies placed by Google Analytics; this is a service offered by Google that tracks and reports website usage which we use to analyse visitor trends and improve our service to you.
As well as modifying your browser settings you can also opt out of Google Analytics here.
Links to other websites
Our website includes links to third party websites. We do not control these third party websites and clicking on these links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you; we would encourage you to familarise yourself with the privacy policy of any website you visit.
What our customers say ...
Beautiful flowers sent so quickly - such a friendly and helpful seller
, February 2015  [ more ]
The Stables, SigwellsSherborne, DT9 4LN01963 220 460
Find us on Facebook
Stunning Silk Flower Arrangements - Created With a Professional Eye for Detail
© 2005 - 2020 Pene Dene Flowers & SWD ~ Terms of Use ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms & Conditions ~ Sign-in