http://www.universalcycles.com/policy_privacy.php
MENU
Contact Us
View Cart
800.936.5156
Local Shopper?
Welcome, Guest UserLog In | Order Status | Create an Account
View Cart | Check Out800-936-5156
Our Portland, Oregon location has moved!We are at 12330 SW Walker Road in Beaverton
Ground Shipping: $6.70 - FREE on orders over $150!
Looking for weekly deals and coupon codes? Check out our weekly newsletter. Click here to subscribe
Go
Off Shopping Filter
Home Page
Log In
Store Locations & Hours
Contact Us
Wishlist / Gift RegistryNewest ProductsSpecials & OverstockShimano Special SaleShop By CompanyCustom Wheelset Builder
Auto Racks & Parts
Bags, Baskets & Shelters
Bar Ends
Bar Tape
Bearings
Bells, Mirrors & Horns
Belt Drive Systems
Bike Storage & Covers
Bikes
Body Armor
Bolts, Nuts and Washers
Books & DVD's
Bottles & Cages
Bottom Brackets
Brake Levers
Brakes & Parts - Disc
Brakes & Parts - Drum
Brakes & Parts - Rim
Build Kits
Cables & Housing
Cameras
Camping & Bikepacking
Cassettes & Cogs
Chain Guides, Guards, & Tensioners
Chainrings
Chains and Parts
Clothing
Computers, GPS Systems, & Electronics
Cranksets
Derailleurs and Parts
Drinking Systems
Eyewear
Fenders
Forks - BMX
Forks - MTB Rigid
Forks - MTB Suspension
Forks - Road
Frames
Freewheels
Grips
Groups & Kits
Handlebars & Upgrades
Headsets & Parts
Helmets
Hubs & Parts
Lighting Systems
Locks
Lubricants & Cleaners
Novelties, Gifts & Stickers
Nutritionals & Food
Pedals
Pumps & CO2 Inflators
Racks - Frame Mounted
Rear Shocks
Rims
Saddles
Seatposts
Shift Levers
Shoes
Skin/Hair Care, First Aid
Spokes & Nipples
Stems
Tires
Tools & Maintenance
Trailers & Strollers
Trainers, Rollers & Exercise Bikes
Travel Cases
Tubes
Watches
Wheel Skewers & Thru Axles
Wheels & Wheelsets
Labor Rates
HomeMenu > Our Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
Here at Universal Cycles, we're proud of the relationships we've made with our customers. Part of that relationship is our commitment to respect your privacy. We promise to always be truthful in our mailing practices in order to continue that strong relationship. We always use industry-standard encryption technology when transferring and receiving consumer data. We also have rigorous security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we receive from our customers.
If you have any questions regarding this policy, or if you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Frequently Asked Questions:
What information do you collect?
We collect the e-mail addresses of those visitors who volunteer information about themselves through programs such as survey information, site registrations, and newsletter subscribers. Our Web server DOES NOT automatically recognize information regarding the domain or e-mail address of visitors. Universal Cycles e-mail newsletters and promotions are strictly opt-in and require a log-in and password. If you signed up, but now wish to be removed, please contact us.
Do you share this information with other companies?
The personal information is not shared with any third parties
Will I be contacted if I give you my phone number?
Customers that offer their phone numbers online will only receive phone calls from us with information regarding orders they've placed online. If you do not want to receive such phone calls please contact us.
What about my postal address?
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings and catalogs from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive these mailings, please contact us and asked to be removed.
Please provide us with your exact name and address as it appears on the mailing label. We will be sure to remove your name from the list we share with other organizations as well.
Are My orders secure?
Yes, All orders are processed using SSL secure socket layer technology.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
By using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions of the above privacy policy. If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this site. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes on our Website. Customers will always have the opportunity to opt-out of these new uses.
Facebook
Twitter
Follow us onFacebook and Twitter
YouTube
Flickr
Instagram
Videos and Photos onYouTube, Flickr,and Instagram
About Universal Cycles
Store Locations & Hours
Meet Our Staff
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Product Recall Notices
Keep Up with UC
Site News
New Products RSS Feed
VIP Newsletter Signup
Read Our Blog
Customer Service
Contact Us
Help & FAQs
Your Account
Order Status
Wishlist / Gift Registry
Universal Cycles
Oregon • Pennsylvania • Minnesota • Nevada
800-936-5156
Beaverton, Oregon Retail Store
12330 SW Walker Road
Beaverton, OR 97005-1403
503.943.6152
Store Info, Hours, Directions
Lancaster, Pennsylvania Retail Store
246 Granite Run Drive
Lancaster, PA 17601-6804
Store Info, Hours, Directions
×
Available to Ship Questions
The number available to ship today is for orders placed by 8:30 AM Pacific time.
For orders that can ship complete from one warehouse, "Today" is extended to 1:30 PM for Oregon and Nevada, and 11:30 AM for Utah.
If you click the link to "Show all four warehouse quantities", you can see exactly how many items can ship from each warehouse.
The number available to ship in 1 or more days
is for orders placed today by 1:30 PM Pacific time.
Example: If our site says "0 Today" and "5 Tuesday", if you order today by 1:30 PM Pacific time we can ship up to 5 of these items by Tuesday from one of our warehouses.
Close
×
Available For Pickup Questions
Quantities shown are for orders placed now.The number available for pickup today is the current stock on the shelf in each retail location.
The number available for pickup in 1 or more days
is for orders placed
today by 1:30 PM Pacific time.
Example: If our site says "Portland, OR
0 Today" and "5 Tuesday" if you order today by 1:30 PM Pacific time you can pick up to 5 of these items by Tuesday at our Portland retail store.
Close
Close Menu
×
Close
×
Shopping Filters
Choose "Show All Products" to view all available products.
Choose "In Stock Products" to view all products in stock in one of our warehouses at this moment.
Choose one of our retail stores to view only the products that are in stock at a particular store and available for pickup at this exact moment.
Show All Products
In Stock Products
Beaverton, OR Store
Lancaster, PA Store
View Store Locations & Hours
Close
×
Flat Rate Ground Shipping
We offer flat rate ground shipping, with free shipping on orders over $150 on most items (some oversize items are excluded from free shipping).
Ground Shipping for $6.70
If you order total is under $150, Ground Shipping will cost $6.70.
Free Ground Shipping on orders over $150
If your order total is over $150, Ground Shipping will be free.
Some oversize items are excluded from free shipping, and will be noted on the product pages and in the cart
Additional Details
Choose Ground Shipping at checkout.
Ground Shipping is available in the lower 48 states.
Generally, your order will ship UPS if it weighs over a pound, and Postal if it weighs less than a pound.
Close
×
Full Availability Details
Close