http://www.aetturbosonline.com/legal-information/
Skip to content
Has Your Turbo Died?Don’t worry, we’re turbo specialists.
Get your replacement turbo by tomorrow.Find Your Replacement TurboLooking for More Power?Xona Rotor now in stock.
Head to our new web shop nowto
see the full range of performance turbosShop Xona Rotor TurbosReassured QualityHere at AET we have the reassurance ofan ISO 9001:2015 certification so you know your
service will be provided with quality.Read MoreStockists Of All The Best NamesMaster distributors for GBT, Turbosmart & Precision Turbos. As well as stockists for all the big names including Garrett, Borgwarner and many more.Click Here
AET Turbos - Turbo Specialists Since 1974
AET Turbos specialise in all types of turbo from passenger car to power generation. We’ve been at the cutting edge of turbo development since 1974 and were the first UK turbo company to achieve ISO9001.AET Turbos. Quality assured!
Turbo Divisions - Repair and Remanufacture of All Types of Turbos
Passenger car and small van
From turbo exchange to repair, you will find a higher level of expertise, greater value for money and excellent customer care with AET.
Commercial
Choose a turbo partner that understands the business implications of downtime and repair costs as well as it knows turbochargers.
Motorsport
Unlock your vehicles potential with custom built performance turbos made in house exactly to your requirements. We also handle repairs and supply other performance products from all the big names.
Marine
With a respected maritime heritage, AET brings a higher level of expertise and service to the world of marine turbos.
Agricultural
Reduce downtime and cut costs with the expert help of the AET Agricultural Turbo experts.
Plant & Machinery
Discover how working with Europe’s leading authority on plant and machinery turbochargers can save your company time and money.
Power Generation
A dedicated team of engineers that offers a new level of expertise, knowledge and technical support to the repair of power generation turbos.
Engineering
We now have a machining station set up and ready to produce everything you need, speak to our expert machinist and get the right parts in the right time.
Free Technical Support
AET have been experts in turbos since Mud got to number 1 with Tiger Feet (1974). We're here to help, give us a call.
24 Month Warranty
Every turbo; new, repaired or remanufactured comes with a 24 month warranty.
Next DayDelivery
We have a massive stock of turbos. We can usually deliver the next working day.
Best Price & Quality
We were the first UK turbo company to earn ISO 9001 accreditation. Your guarantee of a quality, the same as you'd receive from the original manufacturer.
Team Legacy UK
20th September 2018
No Comments
Team Legacy UK – Hillclimb Racers Team Legacy are a racing team here in the UK currently sporting a Subaru RS MK1 and taking part in multiple hill racing competitions. To this point they’ve managed to succeed in some great places at all events as well as regular guests at Retro Ride meets and similar
Read More »
Holeshot Racing
7th September 2018
No Comments
Holeshot Racing have been customers of ours for a very longtime as well as there owner Jack ‘Frost’ being a good friend of ours. He specialises in fast road and racing bikes utilising our modded turbos to achieve new land speed records.  Over the time we’ve been the supplier of Holeshot Racing they’ve managed to
Read More »
Team Red Mist – Drift Champions
28th August 2018
No Comments
Team Red Mist have been supported by us here at AET for many years now and every member of the team is a brilliant driver and even more importantly ‘drifter’. Taking part in the British Drifting championship and showing is incredible performances winning them top titles is half the reason we love these guys, that
Read More »
Eric Holmes
9th August 2018
No Comments
Eric Holmes has competed in the Super Lap Scotland on multiple occasions seeing 1st place finishes in his group plenty of times over. He always brings in his Precision 6767 turbo in for an overhaul before every big race. Winning 1st place in class A on the 21st July 2018 was a big moment for
Read More »
Martyn Henry
2nd August 2018
No Comments
One of our supported lone racers Martyn Henry has always performed incredible in the racing seasons and events, sporting our supplied turbo giving him the power he needs. Martyn has been looked after by ourselves for a few years now and has performed in the Time Attack Championship multiple years placing extremely well every time.
Read More »
Colin Dorwood
2nd August 2018
No Comments
Colin Dorwood races in the SLS Pro Class and other seasonal leagues and is one of the best drivers we know, often taking home the gold or close to it and smashing those lap times in his Mitsubishi Evo fitted with a AET looked after turbo both when repairs are needed, quick fixes and customization.
Read More »
« Previous
Next »
Contact Us
AET Turbos Normanton Industrial Estate, Normanton WF6 1TE United KingdomT 01924 894 171 F 01924 890 394 E info@aet-turbos.co.ukRegistered in England No. 01155036.VAT Registration no. GB184413367
Useful Links
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Legal Information
We serve the whole of the UK
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Legal Information
We serve the whole of the UK
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Join Our Mailing List
Email*
Your Consent*
I'm happy for AET to email me.
We will only email you occasionally with offers and news relating to AET Turbos
Your privacy is very important to us. We'll look after your data and will never pass it to anyone else. You can unsubscribe at any time. Full privacy policy
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Enter your details below and we'll call you to discuss your turbo requirements.Name*Email
Phone*Vehicle Details*Homee.g. 2008 Ford Mondeo TDci 1.8LD, 124HPRegistration of Vehicle*e.g. PS57 ENUYour Enquiry*Subscribe
Tick this box to be informed of future special offers by email.
We will only email you occasionally with offers and news relating to AET Turbos
Your privacy is very important to us. We'll look after your data and will never pass it to anyone else. You can unsubscribe at any time. Full privacy policy
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
×