http://www.georgesf.com/terms-conditions
cart
checkout
My Account
Remember Me
Cart
HOME
PRODUCTS
OUR SHOPS
OUR STORY
CONTACT US
PET GALLERY
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
ihstiv
2020-04-30T19:42:55+00:00
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
We believe that your privacy and the privacy of all our users is important.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We will not distribute or sell your name or personal information about you to any third party.
Any information you provide to us with will be held in confidence and used only to improve our services to you.
Exchange and Return Policy
We want you to be satisfied with your purchase. If any GEORGE purchase fails to meet your expectations, you can return your item to us in its original and unused condition within 15 days of receiving it for an exchange or refund.
If you would like to exchange or return an item, please ship the original and unused item, along with a copy of your email receipt or packing slip, to:
GEORGE
Attn: Returns & Exchanges
607 Florida Street
San Francisco, CA 94110
415-658-7571
We are not responsible for items returned to any other address.
For your protection, we recommend you use Federal Express, UPS, the US Postal Service or any other delivery service with delivery and tracking capabilities. The customer is responsible for all shipping and packaging costs related to exchanging or returning an item. We encourage you to insure your return shipment, so that if it’s damaged in shipping, you can recoup the cost of the product, as the return shipment is not our responsibility. We are not responsible for lost or misdirected returns. We cannot accept returns COD. Items received after 15 days will not be accepted for exchange or return and will be shipped back to the customer.
After receiving and inspecting the returned item, we will reimburse your credit card for the purchase price of the item, less any shipping, handling or restocking fees, or send you a replacement item for exchange. Please note that shipping fees are non-refundable.
To qualify for a refund, all items must be returned in its original condition, including the original packaging, containers, documentation, warranty cards, manuals, and/or accessories. Please do not mark or deface original manufacturer packaging in any manner.
We encourage you to measure your pet as accurately as possible. We cannot honor exchanges or returns for any merchandise that has been used, or is not in its original new condition. All sale, personalized, custom, toy, food and perishable items are final sale and cannot be exchanged or returned.
We work hard to process returns as quickly as possible. Please allow 10 to 14 days after we receive the items before receiving your credit or exchange.
At GEORGE, we strive to provide great customer service. We wish we could accept all exchanges and returns without any questions or limitations, but that is just not possible. Thank you for honoring these exchange and return policies, so that we can continue to provide you a large selection of quality products.
Return Exceptions
The following items cannot be returned or exchanged: customized, personalized or engraved items, toys, food, perishable and grooming products.
California Sales Tax
We are required to collect sales tax for any shipment with a billing address in California.