http://www.oberto.com/privacy-policy
About
Products
News
Contact
PRIVACY POLICYOberto Snacks Inc. (“Oberto”) has created this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to our web site located at (the “Site”). By using the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy, as modified from time to time by us. Therefore, you should carefully review this policy so you understand our data privacy practices.INFORMATION ABOUT YOUWe collected two basic types of information from our Site, namely personal information and aggregate information. Personal information is information that is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a customer’s name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or information about activities that is directly linked to that person.Our definition of personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or user from which individual user identities have been removed. Aggregate data may include anonymous demographic information such as country of origin, citizenship, ZIP code, age, gender, preferences and survey information. In other words, how you use our Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Site, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our user’s needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. Here are the types of personal and other information we collect. You should refer to the rest of this Policy to see how we use, disclose and protect this information:Information You Give Us.We collect information you give us when you purchase or use our Site. Examples include the following:· Transaction Information. When you purchase a product from us, we may collect various kinds of contact information about you including your name, e-mail address, home and business addresses, and home and business phone numbers. We also may collect purchasing information such as product orders, shipping address(es), and credit card information. This information may be collected by third parties that host and manage our online store, such as Yahoo!, Inc.· Submissions and Customer Service. From time-to-time we may post surveys, contests or sweepstakes on our site which may request demographic information and customer feedback. Participation in these requests is completely voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to participate and disclose information. Also, we may collect information that identifies you personally when you submit comments, questions or suggestions to our customer service department.· Automatically Collected Information. We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, when you visit the Site, our systems automatically collect your IP address and the type of browser you use. Information may be automatically collect through the use of “cookies” which are discussed in more detail below. We also collect various types of “clickstream” information which is information about your browsing behavior, such as IP address information, entry and exit points for the Site, search terms, Web site addresses you visit, page views, and impressions.· Cookies. Cookies are small text files placed on your hard drive by a web site when you visit. These files identify your computer and record your preferences and other data about your visit so that when you return to the site, the site knows who you are and can personalize your visit. In general, we use cookies to collect information so that we can determine how to improve our sites by seeing which areas, features and products are most popular; to personalize the site and make recommendations based on products you have liked in the past, as well as to improve the site experience; and to complete transactions you have requested. Most browsers automatically accept cookies as the default setting. You can modify the setting to reject cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the sites you visit by editing browser options. If you decide not to accept our cookies, you will still be able to access those parts of our site available to the general public but you may not be able to use some of the site’s features or services and you may have a less satisfactory experience.No Information About Children.Oberto does not knowingly, directly or passively, collect information from children under the age of 13. If we create offers and products that make it appropriate to collect information from children under the age of 13, we will notify you of the change in this Policy.USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONInternal Use of Personal Information.In general, we use personal information internally to serve our customers, to enhance and extend our customer relationships, and so our customers can take maximum advantage of our products and services. For example, by understanding how you use our Web site from your computer, we are able to customize and personalize your experience. More specifically, we use personal information for billing purposes, to provide services or complete transactions you have requested, to anticipate and resolve problems with our Site and products, to respond to customer support inquiries, and to create and inform you of new products or services from Oberto or others that better meet your needs. You should review the following section to understand when Oberto discloses personal information to non-affiliated third parties.Disclosure of Personal Information.We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except when we have your consent to do so, as necessary to complete a transaction you have requested, for marketing purposes (unless you have chosen not to receive such communications, in certain business transactions), when required by law, or when permitted to protect our rights or property. The following section describes these disclosure circumstances more fully.· Transaction Processing. We disclose personal information to third parties as necessary to complete a transaction you have requested or to perform a service on our behalf. When the third party acts solely on our behalf, we will require them to follow our privacy practices. For example, Yahoo! hosts our online store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate.· Internal Analysis. We may use information about you for our own internal statistical, design, or operational purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns as well as to understand demographic, customer interest, purchasing and other trends among our users. We may outsource these tasks to third parties; however, the third parties may not use or disclose your personal information for any other purposes.· Marketing Purposes: We may disclose your personal information to third parties so they can inform you about their products or services. If you do not wish to receive these types of third party communications, you can click here and complete a form to tell us your preferences. While you may choose not to receive direct marketing information from third parties, you will continue to receive invoices, service impacting notifications and other similar information from us, electronically or otherwise, as well as general advertisements through the Site.· Our Affiliates: Personal as well as aggregate information may be shared with our corporate affiliates and stored on equipment and facilities that we share with such affiliates. We will keep all information collected from this Site logically separate from other information stored by such affiliates on such equipment.· Business Transfers: Information about our users and the Site is one of our most important business assets. Therefore, information about our users, including personal information, will be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the Site or fulfill products, sale or pledge of company assets as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company.· Protection of Oberto and Others: We release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply our policies; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our rights or property, or to protect our user from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of, our Site; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.THIRD-PARTY SITESPlease be aware that we provide links to third-party Web sites from the Site as a service to our guests and we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites. Please also note that these Web sites’ privacy policies will differ from those of Oberto. Therefore, we encourage your to review and understand their privacy practices before providing them with information.NETWORK AND INFORMATIONWe use commercially reasonable efforts to protect your personal information. You should be aware that Oberto has no control over the security of other sites on the Internet you might visit, interact with, or from which you buy products or services. Further, while we have taken efforts to guard your personal information, we cannot guarantee that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others.ACCESS AND CONTROL OF PERSONAL INFORMATIONWe reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your purchases from the Site, such as customer service responses and other administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. At any time, you may opt-out of receiving marketing information from us or a third-party by filling out and submitting our contact us form.UPDATING THIS POLICYWe may revise and update this Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. Any changes will be posted to this document so that you will always know what information we gather and how we use it. You are encouraged to print or download a copy of this document for your records. If we make any material changes to our Policy or how we handle your personal information, we will post an “update” notice to our site and change the date of the Policy. If we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the Site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. We will use information in accordance with the most current privacy policy.CONTACTING USIf you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please contact corporate@www.oberto.com. Or you can send us mail to: Oberto Snacks Inc., 7060 S. 238th St., Kent, WA 98032