https://www.gardeningworks.co.uk/terms-and-conditions.html
The website uses cookies to allow us to better understand how the site is used. By continuing to use this site, you consent to this policy. Click to learn more.
Change settings
OK
Home
>
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
1. Website Operator
This website is operated by Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works of Unit 1, Bee Mill, Ribchester, Nr Longridge, PR3 3XJ, UK. The Company is registered in England Number 3098744. Our VAT Number is GB 274 9615 65. You can telephone us on +44 (0)1254 820088 or email us at orders@gardeningworks.co.uk
2. Licence
2.1  Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works grants you a non-exclusive licence to use this website upon the following Terms and Conditions.
2.2 Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works may terminate this licence at any time without notice.
3. Materials in Site
3.1 This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to the Operator. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. It is protected by intellectual property laws including, but not limited to Copyright.
3.2 You may view, use, download and store the material on this website for personal use or for the purpose of conducting business with Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works. The re-distribution, re-publication, or otherwise making available of the material on this website to third parties, without the prior written consent of Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works is prohibited.
3.3 Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
4. Accuracy of Information
4.1 The information in this website is given in good faith and for general information and interest only. It is subject to change without notice. Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works is not responsible for any inaccuracies and (except as set out in clause 6.3) makes no representation and gives no warranty as to its accuracy.
4.2 The information in this website should not be relied on and does not constitute any form of advice or recommendation. By using this website you confirm that you have not relied on any such information. Any arrangements made between you and any third party named or referred to on the website are entirely at your sole risk and responsibility.
5. Linking
5.1 This website may contain links to other websites. Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works accepts no responsibility or liability for the content of other websites which are not under our strict control. Any link is not intended to be, nor should be construed as, an endorsement of any kind by Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works of that other website.
5.2 You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without the prior written consent of Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works.
6. Liability
6.1  Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works does not guarantee that use of this website will be compatible with all hardware and software which may be used by visitors to the site.
6.2 Except as set out in Clause 6.3, Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works will be under no liability to you whatsoever whether in contract, tort (including negligence), breach of statutory duty, restitution or otherwise for any injury, death, damage or direct, indirect or consequential loss (all three of which terms include, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss of business, depletion of goodwill and like loss) howsoever caused arising out of or in connection with the use of this website or the use, accessing, downloading or relying on any information or other materials contained in this website, including, without limitation, as a result of any computer virus.
6.3 These Terms and Conditions do not exclude its liability (if any) to you for personal injury or death resulting from the negligence of Gardening Works, for fraud or for any matter which it would be illegal for Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works to exclude or to attempt to exclude its liability.
7. Privacy
7.1  Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works' Privacy Policy forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
7.2  Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works' Terms of Trade forms part of these Terms and Conditions.
8. Complete Agreement
These Terms and Conditions (including the Privacy Policy referred to in clause 7.1 and the Terms of Trade referred to in clause 7.2) contain all the terms which you and the Operator have agreed in relation to the use of the website.
9. Jurisdiction and acceptance of these Terms and Conditions
This website is controlled and operated by Julie Ashworth Limited  t/a Gardening Works from its offices in England. The formation, existence, construction, performance, validity in all aspects whatsoever of these Terms and Conditions or of any term of these Terms and Conditions or any dispute in relation to the materials contained in this website shall be governed by English law. The English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Terms and Conditions or use of the website.
9.1 Your continued use of this website indicates your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.
Categories
Special Offers
Wooden Compost Bins & Accessories
Raised Wooden Bed Gardening
Children & School Gardening
Polytunnels, Cold Frames & Plant Protection
Gardening Equipment & Grow Your Own
Birds & Wildlife
Harvesting & Preserving
House & Home
Storage Solutions
Pet Products
Gift Certificates
$('#slideshow6').cycle({
fx: 'fade'
,
timeout: 8000
});
Home
/
Contact Us
/
Sign in
or Register
My Account
View Basket
0 - Items £0.00
Order by Phone: +44 (0)1254 820088
Customer Services
Delivery Information
Product Sitemap
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Trade
Privacy Policy
Copyright Statement
Assembly Instructions
Guarantee on Wooden Products
About Us
Our Story
Workshop & Office Opening Hours
Contact Us
Gardening Works Blog
Frequently Asked Questions
Returns and Refunds
Gift Certificates
Newsletter Subscription
Sign up for the latest news, offers and ideas:
Subscribe
Follow us on:
Copyright © 1995-2020 Gardening Works . All Rights Reserved
Website Design By Chamber Internet