http://www.blindsonthenet.com/privacy.php
Skip to main content
Mon - Fri: 9AM - 9PM - Saturday: 10AM - 1PM
214-289-9383
214-289-9383
214-289-9383
View Menu
Home
About Us
Service Areas
Submit Feedback
Contact Us
Our Products
Custom Shutters
Traditional Blinds
Traditional Shades
Modern Shades
Motorization
FAQs
Testimonials
Latest Projects
Video
Contact Us
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
To learn more about the privacy policy our Frisco window treatment professionals follow, please call 214-289-9383 or complete our online request form.
Recent Articles
3 Reasons To Utilize Woven Wood Shades In Your Home
If you are in the market for new shades for your Frisco area home, you are no doubt pouring over all of the available options to you, and if you are like many homeowners out there, you might be getting a little overwhelmed by all of it. While there are a number of wonderful options out there, there is one that is definitely worthy of your attention if you haven't already given it some thought, and that is woven wood shades.
Read More
3 Energy Saving Benefits To Installing New Plantation Shutters On Your Home
When it comes to timeless, beautiful window treatment options, plantation shutters have been the standard for a very long time, and while there are a number of different options out there in terms of overall design and the materials used in their construction, they all share a couple of common traits that tend to separate them from all others.
Read More
Customer Reviews
I've had the shutters built and installed by Blind Alley. It took them a few months for the delivery, and there were some kinks along the way (delivery came in a few batches). However, they are great, functional, and so far (knock on wood), no issues. It was great to work with Mike as well, I enjoyed having him around and talking with him. I sincerely wish Blind Alley all the success in the Dallas area, and anywhere else they are doing business.
- Ashwin B Mistry
Read More
I've had the shutters built and installed by Blind Alley. It took them a few months for the delivery, and there were some kinks along the way (delivery came in a few batches). However, they are great, functional, and so far (knock on wood), no issues. It was great to work with Mike as well, I enjoyed having him around and talking with him. I sincerely wish Blind Alley all the success in the Dallas area, and anywhere else they are doing business.
Ashwin B Mistry
Read More
Company
©
Blind Alley, All Rights Reserved
Blind Alley Mailing address:
84 Kristin Dr.
Pottsboro, TX 75076
Phone: 214-289-9383
Follow Us
Facebook
Write Review
Quick Links
Google Places
Articles
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
View Full Site
Sitemap
Service Areas
Frisco, TX
Prosper, TX
Celina, TX
Little Elm, TX
McKinney, TX
Allen, TX
The Colony, TX
Carrollton, TX
Southlake, TX
Keller, TX
Aubrey, TX
Denison, TX
Gunter, TX
Sherman, TX
And more