http://www.hakatai.com/Privacy-policy-W6C31.aspx
888-667-2429
Login
CART
0 ITEM(S)
$0.00
Advanced Search
Home
About Hakatai
Contact us
Company profile
Environmental statement
Site map
Press page
Publicity
Links
Custom Tile Design
Mosaic murals
Uncut Custom Tile Design
Custom Tools
Uncut repeating patterns
Custom borders
Hand-cut repeating patterns
Paradox
Photo Gallery
To The Trade
To The Trade customer home
Dealer support
Architect and Designer support
Project registration
Customer Service
Hakatai/Cartglass Direct Import Program
Retail price lists
FAQ
Shipping and returns
Warranty
Installation guides
Technical specifications
Share your photos
FAQ's
Contact Us
SHOP:
by type
Recycled Glass Tile
Recycled Wood Tile
Economy Glass Tile
Iridescent Glass Tile
Natural Stone Tile
Metal & Glass Tile Blends
Stone & Glass Tile Blends
Mosaic Supplies
Tile Samples
Special Order Products
Clearance Corner
by application
Bathroom Tile
Floor Tile
Kitchen Tile
Pool Tile
Spa Tile
Wall Tile
by color
White
Beige
Yellow
Orange
Pink
Red
Green
Blue
Purple
Brown
Grey
Black
Blends
by series
Alchemy Series
Illusion Series
Ashland-e Series
Luster Series
Aural Series
Metal Series
Aventurine Series
Motif Series
Bohemia Series
Pastille Series
Boat Wood Series
Rio Series
Calliope Series
Rogue Series
Classic Series
Select Series
Emperia Series
Stained Glass
Essence Series
Stone Series
Fusion Series
Terra Series
Glamour Series
Tivoli series
Harmony Series
Tranquility Series
Horizon Series
Zydeco Series
Clearance Corner
Privacy Policy
Hakatai is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the Hakatai Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the Hakatai website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Hakatai collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Hakatai may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites. There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by Hakatai. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Hakatai for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Hakatai Web site. Hakatai encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Hakatai so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. Hakatai is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Hakatai Web site.
Use of your Personal Information
Hakatai collects and uses your personal information to operate the Hakatai Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Hakatai also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Hakatai and its affiliates. Hakatai may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Hakatai does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Hakatai may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Hakatai may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Hakatai, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Hakatai does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent. Hakatai keeps track of the Web site and pages our customers visit within Hakatai, in order to determine what Hakatai services are the most popular. This data may be used to deliver customized content and advertising within Hakatai to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Hakatai Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Hakatai or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Hakatai; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Hakatai, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Hakatai Web site may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Hakatai pages, or register with Hakatai site or services, a cookie helps Hakatai to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Hakatai Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Hakatai features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Hakatai services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Hakatai secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Hakatai secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Hakatai will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Hakatai encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Hakatai is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Hakatai welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Hakatai has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Hakatai at info@hakatai.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Home
About Hakatai
Custom Design
Photo Gallery
To The Trade
Customer Service
FAQ's
Contact Us
Hakatai is a registered trademark of Hakatai Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
© Copyright 2020 Hakatai Enterprises, Inc.
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy