http://www.jackstackbbq.com/privacy-policy
The holidays are fast approaching.
With shipping demand high, place your order now for early delivery!
Close
Shopping Cart
0 Items
Subtotal: $0
Continue Shopping
Checkout »
Track My Shipped Order
My Shipping Account
Cart
(0)
0 Items in Cart
Close
View Cart
SEARCH
Need Assistance? Give us a call!
Home
Locations
Locations
Martin City
Overland Park
Freight House
Country Club Plaza
Lee's Summit
View Menus
Reservations
Order Pick-Up
Locations
Martin City
Overland Park
Freight House
Country Club Plaza
Lee's Summit
Delivery
Gift Cards
Ship BBQ Nationwide
Best BBQ Gift Packages
Holiday Shipping Special Offer
Create Your Own BBQ Sampler
Corporate Gifting
Bundle & Save Barbecue Packs
Ribs
Burnt Ends & Brisket
Barbecue Meats
Side Dishes
Desserts
Sauces & Rubs
Gift Cards
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and maintaining your privacy to the best of our ability. Our goals are to provide the greatest user experience and customer service possible while keeping your information private. As a practical matter, we could not operate nor provide the level of quality our users expect without logging certain data and in some cases providing that data to others. For your understanding and protection, we encourage you to read this Privacy Policy that is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Use.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change this policy at any time. You should check back from time to time as you continue to use our website to be current on any Privacy Policy changes. By using our website, you agree in advance to accept any such changes. In this statement the terms us, our, this, the company, our organization, or referring site shall refer to Fiorella's Jack Stack Barbecue, LLC.
Aggregate Data
In the normal course of operating our website, our servers automatically gather certain non-personal information and business data pertaining to the use of the site ("Aggregate Data"). For example, we may collect the number and frequency of visitors, hits on specific pages, advertisements and promotions, revenue collection and subscriptions. We use such collective data in the aggregate to help us understand what aspects of the site are most useful so we can improve our services and products.
Cookies
As do many websites, we may use cookies to tell us how and when pages on our site are visited. Our Website may use "cookies" to enable you to sign in to our web services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
The information collected by cookies is non-personally identifiable and is used generally to make the users experience more friendly and convenient. If you do not wish us to collect this non-personally identifiable information, you can "opt-out" by setting up your browser to refuse cookies.
Use of your Personal Information
We collect and use your personal information to operate our website and deliver the products and services you have requested. Any use of such information within our Website will remain subject to the limitations of this privacy statement. We also use your personal information to communicate with you and to better supply you products and services. We may send certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys. If we do this we may use this information to send you only information you are interested in. We do this so you are not contacted unnecessarily for things you have no interest in. If you have enrolled, we will send you promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from our company.
Personal Data
Whether you are registering as a member, ordering a product or taking part in various activities on our site you may provide personal information ("Personal Data"), including your email address, your credit card number and billing address. In general, we do not share your Personal Data with anyone outside our organization, except:
When we are required by applicable law, regulation, subpoena, warrant or other legal process to disclose such information to law enforcement authorities or any other authorized authority.
In addition, we may share your basic (only) contact information with reputable third parties in order to offer products and/or services we think would be of interest to our customers. If you would like to be excluded from this third party list, please notify us by email.
Exclusive E-mail Promotions
If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail promotions, we ask for contact information (such as name, e-mail address and, occasionally, demographic information). We use this information in the same manner as we use contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our e-mail promotions can unsubscribe using the instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletter.
Children's Data
We do not direct or target any part of this site towards children under the age of 13. In addition, we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13.
Member Access to Information
Registered members of our site may have access to their own, personal profile information at all times in order to determine its accuracy and make changes if necessary. If you do not feel you have access, please send us an email.
User Responsibility for Protection and Privacy
User Account Protection: Every registered member of our site will have an email address and password. You are responsible for keeping your password confidential. You are also responsible for all activity occurring through use of your account and/or password. Specifically, users that allow access by others, including family or household members, to their account are responsible for the actions of those individuals, including the invasion of privacy on the user's Personal Data.
Voluntary Disclosures: Please be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information online, personal or otherwise, such information can be collected by others. If you post personal information online you may receive unsolicited messages from others. Our company will have no means to control this and takes no responsibility for your use of the Internet to voluntarily transmit information to others.
Information concerning the Privacy Act can be found at FTC.gov
Third Party Vendor Communication
We may from time to time contract with third party vendors to provide ads to our customers on our behalf via the Internet or to send direct mail or catalogs to customers whom we think may be interested in our product or services. In order to do so, such vendor may collect anonymous information about your visits to our website using a "cookie". A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser or mobile device by websites, mobile apps, and advertisements that you access or use. This data is stored on your browser or mobile device and helps websites and mobile apps to remember things about you to improve your experience with the website. Third-party vendors may then pool the anonymous information that they collect from our website with other sources of information, which may include your name and mailing address, for purposes of determining whether you might be interested in receiving direct mail or a catalog. If you do not wish for cookies to be placed on your computer, most web browsers permit you to prevent that from taking place. However, please keep in mind that these technologies are an important part of how the website works; removing, rejecting or limited the use of cookies or other similar technologies might affect the availability and functionality of the website. To opt-out of receiving our direct mail or catalogs, you may send us an email at customercare@jackstackbbq.com or call us at 877-419-7427.
How To Contact Us
If at any time you have questions about or believe that we have not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please notify us via email.
THE PERFECT GIFT FOR ANYONE!
Redeemable at the restaurants, online orders, and catering orders.
SHOP NOW