http://www.flutest.com/privacy/
Flu Facts
Prevention
Treatment
Flu Test
Flu Activity
Find a Doctor
QuickVue Influenza Test
One nose, one swab, and one visit.
Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy (this "Policy") of Quidel Corporation ("Quidel" or "we") is applicable to all of the information collected by Quidel during your use of this Web site (this "Site"). Please read this information carefully before accessing any part of this Site.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Quidel recognizes and respects the privacy of users of this Site. To better protect your privacy, we are providing this Policy to explain our on-line information practices and the way that we may collect and use information obtained from you. Quidel may update this Policy from time to time without notice to you. You may review the current version of the Policy by accessing it from the Terms & Conditions of Use link at the bottom of every page on this Site. If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time you provided it to us, we will notify you by amending this Policy.
The Information We Collect
Generally, Quidel may gather information about visitors to this Site when it aggregates information gathered by tracking the usage of certain features available on this Site. The collection of this information enables Quidel to tailor the Site's content to your needs and helps us to keep you informed of information that you may find of interest.
Specifically, Quidel may gather personally identifiable information about visitors to this Site when you enter personally identifiable information. We may collect personally identifiable information such as: Your name, mailing address, telephone and/or facsimile number, e-mail address and other similar information. When you choose to provide us with personally identifiable information, Quidel will act in a responsible manner. Quidel will maintain your personally identifiable information in secure on-line and off-line facilities. The collection of this personally identifiable information enables Quidel to send individuals information about Quidel.
Finally, Quidel may store and disclose personally identifiable information as allowed or required by applicable law. We may make disclosures that are necessary or advisable to protect the rights, safety or property of Quidel or others, to conform to legal or regulatory requirements or to investigate or prevent violations of our Terms and Conditions. Except as set forth above, Quidel will not disclose, sell, lease or rent your personally identifiable information. Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, Quidel does not intend to or knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from children under 13.
Correcting or Retrieving Your Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer want Quidel to maintain your information, this can be accomplished by sending us an e-mail at webmaster@quidel.com, or by sending your request to Webmaster, Quidel Corporation, 10165 McKellar Court, San Diego, California 92121. Quidel will send a confirming e-mail to your last known e-mail address of the changes or deletion of your personally identifiable information.
Cookies and Log Files
A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive that may contain information about you. Quidel may use cookies on this Site to provide better navigation for you on this Site. Additionally, you may still use this Site even if you reject the cookie. Cookies, however, may be used by some of the Web sites to which we link. Therefore, please review the Links section of this Policy below. In addition, we may use your Internet Protocol (IP) address to analyze trends, administer this Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use in order to improve this Site. We will not link any IP addresses that we may collect to any personally identifiable information. We may use multiple third parties to monitor traffic, statistics, advertisement click-through and other activities on this Site. Such third parties may use cookies, log files, beacons and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate statistics on this Site's visitors.
Links
On this Site, you may have the opportunity to follow a link from or to other Web sites maintained by third parties. Because these other Web sites may not be hosted or controlled by Quidel, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those Web sites. The privacy policies of other Web sites may differ from Quidel, and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Web sites to which we may link. This Policy only applies to information collected and maintained by Quidel, its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our Site, please contact us at webmaster@quidel.com.
Flu Facts
Prevention
Treatment
Flu Test
Flu Activity
Find a Doctor
Site Map
Help
QUIDELQuidel Corporation serves to enhance the health and well being of people around the globe through the discovery, development, manufacturing and marketing of rapid diagnostic solutions at the point of care (POC) in infectious diseases and reproductive health.
This website is not providing medical advice or recommending specific healthcare providers. You and the doctor you choose should make all healthcare decisions.
©Copyright 2009 Quidel Corporation. All rights reserved. Quidel® and QuickVue® are registered trademarks of Quidel Corporation. Privacy Policy