https://www.ironelegance.com/privacy-policy/
lock
plus
Go Back
All Categories
Categories
Aroma Friendship Ball
Italian Horn
"Cornicello"
Carpathian Glass Works
Carpathian Glass Works
All Carpathian Glass Works
Glass Amphore Sconces
Glass Horn Sconces
Handblown Glass Vases
Candle Holders & Sconces
Contemporary Candle Holders
Decko-rations™
FlYing Pigs!
Frieze Frames
Glass Clocks
Glass Clocks
All Glass Clocks
Glass Clocks
Arciform Billet Glass Clocks
Arciform Billet Clocks "NeckTie"
Gazing Balls (12 Inch)
Gazing Balls (12 Inch)
All Gazing Balls (12 Inch)
Gazing Ball Stands
Glass Gourds
Glass Gourds
All Glass Gourds
2 1/2" Glass Gourds
4 Inch Glass Gourds
Grateful Pumpkins
Glass Hearts
Glass Hearts
All Glass Hearts
Abalone Hearts XL
Diamond Optic Extra Large Heart
Galaxy Hearts
Large Hearts
Heart Candlesticks
Hand Painted Art Glass
Iron Garden Art
Iron Garden Art
All Iron Garden Art
Garden Flames
SunSticks™
Silhouette Sun Sticks
Small Silhouette Sun Sticks
Hummingbird Feeders
Interior Wrought Iron Decor
Interior Wrought Iron Decor
All Interior Wrought Iron Decor
Interior Elegance
Iron Lighting
Ornamental Rustics
Oil Lamps
Wine Bottle Holders
Metal Art Sculpture
Metal Art Sculpture
All Metal Art Sculpture
3D Fish
Ancient Faces
Butterflies
Rod Iron Sculpture
SouthWest
Kugels / Friendship Balls
Kugels / Friendship Balls
All Kugels / Friendship Balls
1 1/2 Inch Mini Kugels
2 1/2 Inch Kugels
3 Inch Kugels, Classic
4 Inch Kugels, Classic
4 Inch Kugels, Occasional
4 Inch Kugels, Iridized Finish
Friendship Balls (4 inch) Diamond Optic
4 Inch Kugels, "Bloomin"
(hand painted)
4 Inch Kugels, Rhombus Shape
4 Inch Kugels, Crackle
5 Inch Kugels
6 Inch Kugels
Brass Cap Kugels
ICE Kugels
Kugel "ORBs"
Kugel Bells
Luna Friendship Balls
Pendulums
Twisted Spike Ornament
Unity Knots
Sun Disks
JuJu Witch Balls
JuJu Witch Balls
All JuJu Witch Balls
JuJu Witch Balls (4 inch) Iridized Effects
JuJu Witch Balls (6 Inch)
Iridized Effects
Medusa Spirit Balls
Spirit Tree Witch Ball
Spirit Tree Witch Ball
All Spirit Tree Witch Ball
Spirit Tree Witch Ball
(6 Inch)
Spirit Tree Witch Balls (Embossed Leaf, 6 Inch)
Spirit Tree Witch Ball Small
(4 Inch)
Spirit Tree Witch Ball (mini, 2.5 Inch)
Witch Balls (witches balls)
Witch Balls (witches balls)
All Witch Balls (witches balls)
Witch Balls XXL,
Specialized Effects (10 Inch)
Witch Balls Extra Large (8 Inch)
Witch Balls "Classic" Large (6 Inch)
Witch Balls Large,
Singular Colors (6 Inch)
Witch Balls Large,
Specialized Effects (6 Inch
Witch Balls Small
(4 Inch)
The Veiled Witch Ball (4 Inch)
Ornament Stands and Hangers
*Stock Closeouts*
*Stock Closeouts*
All *Stock Closeouts*
*4 Inch Ornament 2nds*
*Gazing Balls*
*Witch Ball - 4 Inch
2nds*
*Witch Ball - 6 Inch
2nds*
Go Back
All Pages
Pages
About Iron Elegance
Kugel History
Witch Ball Folklore
About Gazing Balls
Customer Comments
FAQs:
Contact Us
Store Policies
Store Policies
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Wholesale Opportunities
Gift Certificates
Sitemap
Home
/
Store Policies
/
Privacy Policy
IronElegance.com Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
• Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
• Keep track of advertisements.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled. It won't affect the user's experience that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
However, you will still be able to place orders .
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
We have implemented the following:
• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
Users can visit our site anonymously.
Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
• On our Privacy Policy Page
Can change your personal information:
• By logging in to your account
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify the users via in-site notification
• Within 7 business days
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN SPAM Act
The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
We collect your email address in order to:
• Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
• Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
• Send you additional information related to your product and/or service
• Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:
• Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
• Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
• Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
• Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
• Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
• Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
ironelegance.com
7162 Middle Ridge
Madison, Ohio 44057
USA
sales@ironelegance.com
Four Four Zero-3062454
Last Edited on 2018-02-24