https://www.wildgardenseed.com/privacy.php
Home » Privacy Notice
My Account  |  Cart Contents
|  Place Your Order
Catalog
Flowers (189)AlexandersAmaranth (9)AngelicaArugula (1)Basil (5)Beet and Chard (5)Broccoli (1)Calendula (7)Celery (4)Chervil (1)Chickweed (1)Chicory (5)Cilantro (1)Collards (1)Cress: Garden (2)Cress: Upland (1)Critter Mixes (1)Endive & Escarole (11)Epazote (1)Fennel (3)Garland Chrysanthemum (2)Garlic Chives (1)Giant Goosefoot (1)Gift Certificates (7)Huauzontle (1)Insectary Mix (1)Kale: European (4)Kale: Ruso-Siberian (5)Leeks (6)Lettuce (141)LovageMelon: MuskmelonMint: Korean (1)Mustard: Mild (12)Mustard: Pungent (12)Onion (1)Orach (6)Oregano (1)Parsley (5)Peppers (19)Pumpkin: Hulless SeededPurslane (2)Quinoa (24)Radish (3)Rutabaga (2)Salad Mixes (3)Scallion (1)Sorrel (1)Spinach (3)Strawberry Spinach (1)T-Shirts (1)Tomato (3)Winter Squash (1)Workshops
Privacy and Return Policy
Our Privacy Policy
We do not sell, trade, rent, or give away any information provided by any of our customers. We use your information only to process your orders, and so that we can contact you if it's necessary. The information provided during creation of your account is used only by Wild Garden Seed and will never be shared with any other company. Ever.
Return Policy
We want all our customers to be completely satisfied with our seed and our transaction. Please let us know if you are not satisfied with your order.
If you are unsatisifed with any seed, we will be happy to either replace the seed with a different lot, substitute a different variety, or refund the entire purchase price.
Limitation of Remedy
The liability of Wild Garden Seed for any loss or damage arising out of the use of our seed shall be limited to replacement of the item, or the refund of the purchase price. As is customary in the seed trade, in no case shall Wild Garden Seed be liable for more than the purchase price of the seed.
Shopping Cart
0 items
Navigation
- Home- Place Your Order- My Account- About Us- Latest Additions- OSSI Varieties- Request Catalog- Articles- Gift Certificates- Organic Cert.- Privacy and Return Policy- Contact Us
Resources
- Catalog Essays- The Chaff Pile- Organic Seed Alliance- Catalog History
Scarlet Flax
Scarlet Flax (Flax)
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.
Secure Website
All purchase information is transferred via
an encrypted connection.
Thursday 10 December, 2020
Copyright © 2003–2020 Wild Garden Seed.