https://www.chemicalguys.com/terms-and-conditions.html
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please Read the Following Terms and Conditions of Use Carefully When Using This Website.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site is subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable laws. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Orders over $500
The first time you place an order of $500 or more, you may be contacted by our Customer Service department via email or phone to provide us with identification tying you to your credit card. This policy was implemented in order to protect our company and our customers against the increasing number of online ID theft. Chemical Guys reserves the right to reject or cancel any order(s) at anytime as we see fit.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Chemical Guys. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Chemical Guys Copyright 2020ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Chemical Guys or purchasing Chemical Guys products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Chemical Guys or to purchase Chemical Guys products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited unless authorized in writing by Chemical Guys. The use of our photos and content to resell our products without express written consent from Chemical Guys is strictly prohibited. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Chemical Guys used on the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Chemical Guys.
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Chemical Guys disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Chemical Guys do not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Chemical Guys do not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Chemical Guys shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Chemical Guys has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Chemical Guys product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Chemical Guys reserve the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Chemical Guys reserve the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Chemical Guys shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Chemical Guys without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Chemical Guys may deliver notice to you by means of email, a general notice on the site, or by another reliable method to the address you have provided to Chemical Guys.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of California, U.S.A., without regard to choice of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Chemical Guys products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Los Angeles County, California. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Chemical Guys products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Chemical Guys failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Chemical Guys may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via email, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Chemical Guys or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Chemical Guys do not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Chemical Guys is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Chemical Guys reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; another intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Chemical Guys in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chemical Guys, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Chemical Guys may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Chemical Guys, Chemical Guys have no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Chemical Guys. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Chemical Guys seek to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Tax-Exempt Orders
We do notaccept tax exempt orders through our website. Chemical Guys have partnered with two of the top wholesale distributors in the U.S. Please click on the links for more information.
Meyer Distributing
Atech Motorsports
Mobile Terms and Conditions
Effective Date: 10/1/2019
Chemical Guys Mobile Marketing
Open to US customers only. Receive special text offers and deals from Chemical Guys through your mobile device. Opt in by Web orTextSHINEto 23940 to receive up to 10 text messages per month with order confirmation, shipping confirmation, support messages, and marketing messages related to your account.Message and data rates may apply.
By opting in to this service, you consent to receive mobile text alerts using an automatic telephone dialing system. Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services.
By signing up, you are confirming you are over the age of 13.
STOP Information
TextSTOPto 23940 to stop receiving Mobile Marketing messages from Chemical Guys (you will receive a confirmation text).
HELP Information
For additional information, textHELPto 23940 or contact Customer Support at Contact Us
Supported carriers are:
AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, Verizon Wireless, Boost, Cricket, MetroPCS, U.S. Cellular, Virgin Mobile, Google Voice, ACS Wireless, Advantage Cellular (DTC Wireless), Appalachian Wireless, Atlantic Tele-Network International (ATN), Bandwidth, Bluegrass Cellular, Buffalo Wireless, CableVision, Carolina West Wireless, Cellcom, Copper Valley, C-Spire Wireless (formerly Cellsouth), Cellular One of East Central Illinois, Chariton Valley Cellular, Cross (dba Sprocket), Duet IP, Element Mobile, EpicTouch, GCI Communications, Golden State, Hawkeye (Chat Mobility), Hawkeye (NW Missouri Cellular), i Wireless (IOWA Wireless), Illinois Valley Cellular, Immix (Keystone Wireless / PC Management), Inland Cellular, Mobi PCS (Coral Wireless LLC), Mosaic, MTA Communications, MTPCS / Cellular One (Cellone Nation), Nex-Tech Wireless, Panhandle Telecommunications, Peoples Wireless, Pine Belt Wireless, Pine Cellular, Pioneer, Plateau, Revol Wireless, RINA, SI Wireless/Mobile Nation, SouthernLinc, SRT Wireless, Thumb Cellular, Union Wireless, United, Viaero Wireless, West Central Wireless, Leaco, Nemont/Sagebrush. T-Mobile is not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
We take your privacy seriously. Please visithttps://www.chemicalguys.com/privacy-policy.htmlto review our privacy policy.
Chemical Guys Refer-A-Friend Program Terms & Conditions
Effective Date: 10/28/2020
Chemical Guys Refer-a-Friend Program Terms & Conditions
As a Refer-a-Friend member (a Referrer), you are subject to Chemical Guys Terms of Use and Chemical Guys Privacy Policy (both available on our website), as well as the following additional Terms & Conditions for Chemical Guys Refer-a-Friend program:
Qualified Referral. A Qualified Referral is defined as a purchase made at chemicalguys.com by a person (a "Referred Customer") who arrives at our website by clicking your Refer-a-Friend program link. You are limited to one Qualified Referral for each Referred Customer; in other words, additional/repeat purchases made by a Referred Customer are not counted as additional Qualified Referrals.
Referred Customer. The Referred Customer and the Referrer cannot be the same person (for example, by using a different email address).
Referral Rewards. For you to earn referral rewards as a Referrer, the Referred Customer must complete an order on the Chemical Guys website.
Reward Payments. Rewards are payable in increments of $10 coupons. As a Referrer, you are responsible for any and all tax liability resulting from Referral Rewards.
Eligibility. Eligibility is limited to individuals only. Chemical Guys Refer-a-Friend Program cannot be used by businesses for affiliate lead generation as determined in Chemical Guys sole discretion. (Corporations are not people, my friend!)
No Spam. You must comply with all up-to-date SPAM laws. For example, emails must be created and distributed in a personal manner and bulk email distribution is strongly discouraged. Any distribution of your referral link that could constitute unsolicited commercial email or "spam" under any applicable law or regulation is expressly prohibited and will be grounds for immediate termination of your account and exclusion from Chemical Guys Refer-a-Friend program.
Right to Close Accounts. Chemical Guys reserve the right to close the account(s) of any Referrer and/or Referred Customer and to requestproper payment if the Referrer and/or Referred Customer attempts to use the Chemical Guys Refer-a-Friend program in a questionable manner or breaches any of these Terms & Conditions or is in violation of any law, statute or governmental regulation.
Right to Cancel Program or Change Terms. Chemical Guys reserve the right to cancel the Refer-a-Friend Program or to change these Terms & Conditions at any time in its sole discretion. Any unclaimed referral rewards will be forfeited at that time.
*/
// -->