http://www.zcentre.co.uk/index.php/privacy-policy
Z Centre of Great Britain
sales@zcentre.co.uk
Parts - 0115 967 6356    Workshop - 07896 537825
Z Centre of Great Britain
sales@zcentre.co.uk
Parts - 0115 967 6356    Workshop - 07896 537825
Facebook
Home
Servicing
Shop
Ordering from the Z Centre
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
About Z Centre
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Information
Information
Although the Z Centre of Great Britain may gather information relating to you and your purchases of our products, it is our policy that this information remains for our use only and we will not pass on or sell this information to third parties other than for the purposes of legitimately charging your credit or debit card.ZCentre of Great Britain
Our Privacy Policy and the EU e-Privacy Directive
Our Privacy Policy and the EU e-Privacy Directive
ZCentre of Great Britain; ("we") are committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy statement explains data collection and use practices with regard to this Web site.
What information do we collect or use?
What information do we collect or use?
We do not store personally identifiable information in our cookie data.
There may be sections of our site that ask you to register for access to documents, other download items or to instigate contact with ZCentre of Great Britain. Any information you provide will remain ZCentre of Great Britain's property and under no circumstances will it be sold or rented to a third party. ZCentre of Great Britain may use your contact information to send you company and product information that you requested and for marketing analysis of our Web site traffic.
In addition to any personal information you may provide, the ZCentre of Great Britain may use software or other tools that enable us to collect specific technical information like your Internet protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, your browser type, traffic patterns and the address of any referring Web sites. ZCentre of Great Britain monitors how a visitor arrives at our website, but cannot and will not gather information about other sites the visitor has been on.
What will we do with your personal information?
What will we do with your personal information?
ZCentre of Great Britain may use your personal information for the following purposes:
To enable you to use the site without repeatedly entering passwords or logins.
To provide information or services that you have requested.
To help us manage our content to ensure it is relevant and appropriate to you.
To alert you to company news, product upgrades, other updated information and new products and services from ZCentre of Great Britain.
It is standard ZCentre of Great Britain practice to easily allow you to remove your name from our distribution or marketing lists by clicking on the link provided within each electronic communication.
How secure will my information be?
How secure will my information be?
The security and protection of your personal information is of paramount importance to ZCentre of Great Britain. Therefore any information collected by ZCentre of Great Britain is stored securely in order to avoid unauthorised access.
What are 'cookies'?
What are 'cookies'?
A 'cookie' is a piece of data assigned by our Web server to the browser on your computer. Cookies help Web sites recognise repeat visitors to our site. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them and are unable to execute any code or virus. Cookies allow our system to auto-populate certain login information on a registration form using information that was received from you on a previous visit. Cookies also allow us to identify you. By showing how and when our visitors use this site, this information can help us to continue to improve our site. If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your Web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. Please be aware that disabling cookies on your browser will reduce your functionality across many web sites.
On 26 May 2011, the rules about cookies on websites changed. This site uses cookies. One of the cookies we use is essential for parts of the site to operate and has already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from this site. Below are the cookies that are used on this website.
Cookies Used
Google Analytics
Purpose
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Further Information
Google's privacy overview
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Essential Cookie (session ID)
This cookie is essential for the website to operate and is set upon your arrival to the ZCentre of Great Britain website. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
What about links on your site?
What about links on your site?
From time to time, ZCentre of Great Britain may provide links on our site that point to external websites. We have no control over the content of these other sites, nor the usage of information they gather.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Modifications
ModificationsZCentre of Great Britain may in the future alter or add to this Privacy Policy, especially as we add new services to our site. Therefore, please check this part of our site from time to time to see if there has been a change.
Summary
SummaryRecent legislation from the European Union has meant that websites must provide clear information about their use of cookies to their customers, something we at ZCentre of Great Britain fully support.
We want to ensure that you, as our valued customer, are fully aware of the use of cookies on our website, and we are proud of our reputation as a transparent and honest organisation that you can trust.
Copyright © 2005 - 2019 The Z Centre UK - VAT No VAT GB 804 5528 39
All prices are subject to EU VAT tax for UK and European EU orders