https://www.thatsmypan.com/store/index.php?main_page=privacy
You are here : Home/
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly
confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned!
Any information you give us will be held with the utmost care and will
not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
If you require additional information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@thatsmypan.com.
At thatsmypan.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by thatsmypan.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, thatsmypan.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
thatsmypan.com does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user accesses or visits, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites.
Back
X
Oops! You have missed an option!
Fill in the required fields, or enter NONE.
* - Required fields have a red border.
Close
About Us
That's My Pan! personalized gifts is a family owned company located in Chippewa Falls, WI.
We invite you to take a closer look at our products, and hope you will find something you love for yourself or for a gift.
Always remember that your satisfaction is paramount to us - all our products carry our 100% satisfaction guarantee...
more»
Contact Us
14949 County Highway S, Suite 2
Chippewa Falls, WI 54729
800-332-2707
customerservice@thatsmypan.com
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Care & Handling Instructions
Fundraiser Info
Site Map
Latest Products
Personalized 17 Piece Kid's Bake Set
$29.99
Slate Charcuterie Platter
$24.99
Personalized SS Straw Set-4pc-Bent (FREE Shipping)
$19.99
4-Piece Bamboo Utensil Set
$14.99
9x13" Cake Pan - Gold Vein Hammered Metal Look
$35.99
Copyright © 2020 Adept Engraving LLC DBA That's My Pan!®
Yes! You can still receive your personalized gift order in time for Christmas using our standard shipping option.
If you need orders even faster, you can elect an expedited option such as 3 Day Select, 2nd Day Air, or Next Day Air.
Close