http://www.glowshiftdirect.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Search By Vehicle
Select Your Make:
-- Any Make --
Select Your Model:
-- Any Model --
Submit
Gauge Types
Boost Gauges
Pyrometer EGT Gauges
Oil Pressure Gauges
Fuel Pressure Gauges
Wideband Air/Fuel Ratio Gauges
Water Temperature Gauges
Transmission Temperature Gauges
Oil Temperature Gauges
Air Pressure Gauges
Volt Gauges
Tachometers
Speedometers
Fuel Level Gauges
Nitrous Pressure Gauges
Intake Temperature Gauges
Narrowband Air/Fuel Ratio Gauges
Fuel Rail Pressure Gauges
HPOP Gauges
Exhaust Pressure Gauges
Coolant Pressure Gauges
Vacuum Gauges
Ambient Air Temperature Gauges
Differential Temperature Gauges
Clock Gauges
Metric Gauges
Gauge Series
7 Color Gauge Series
Black 7 Color Gauge Series
Tinted 7 Color Gauge Series
White 7 Color Gauge Series
Elite 10 Color Gauge Series
Black Elite 10 Color Gauge Series
White Elite 10 Color Gauge Series
10 Color Digital Gauge Series
MaxTow Diesel Gauge Series
Black & Green MaxTow Series
Black & Blue MaxTow Series
White & Green MaxTow Series
White & Blue MaxTow Series
Tinted Gauge Series
3in1 Diesel Combo Gauges
Black Face 3in1 Combo Gauges
White Face 3in1 Combo Gauges
3in1 Diesel Combo Gauge Pods
Liquid Filled Gauge Series
Gauge Sets
Diesel Truck Gauge Sets
Cluster Dashboard Gauge Sets
Gauge Pods
Acura Gauge Pods
Acura Integra Gauge Pods
Acura RSX Gauge Pods
Buick Gauge Pods
Buick Regal Grand National Pods
Chevrolet Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Silverado Full Size Truck Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Camaro Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Corvette Gauge Pods
Chevrolet S-10 Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Cobalt Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Blazer Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Cavalier Gauge Pods
Chevrolet El Camino Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Malibu Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Monte Carlo Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Suburban Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Tahoe Gauge Pods
Chevrolet Avalanche Gauge Pods
Chevrolet C-10 Gauge Pods
Chrysler Gauge Pods
Chrysler 300 Gauge Pods
Dodge Gauge Pods
Dodge Ram Cummins Gauge Pods
Dodge Neon & SRT-4 Gauge Pods
Dodge Charger Gauge Pods
Dodge Magnum Gauge Pods
Ford Gauge Pods
Ford Bronco Gauge Pods
Ford Super Duty Power Stroke Gauge Pods
Ford F-Series Gauge Pods
Ford Mustang Gauge Pods
Ford F-150 Gauge Pods
Ford E-Series Van Gauge Pods
Ford Ranger Gauge Pods
Ford Focus Gauge Pods
Ford Excursion Gauge Pods
GMC Gauge Pods
GMC S15 Jimmy Gauge Pods
GMC Sierra Gauge Pods
GMC Sonoma Gauge Pods
GMC Syclone Gauge Pods
GMC Typhoon Gauges Pods
GMC Yukon Gauge Pods
Honda Gauge Pods
1988-1991 Honda Civic Gauge Pods
1992-1995 Honda Civic Gauge Pods
1996-2000 Honda Civic Gauge Pods
2001-2005 Honda Civic Gauge Pods
2006-2008 Honda Civic Gauge Pods
1994-1997 Honda Accord Gauge Pods
1998-2002 Honda Accord Gauge Pods
1993-1997 Honda Del Sol Gauge Pods
1997-2001 Honda Prelude Gauge Pods
Hyundai Gauge Pods
Jeep Gauge Pods
Jeep Wrangler Gauge Pods
Mazda Gauge Pods
Mazda 3 Gauge Pods
Mazda RX-7 Gauge Pods
Mazda 6 Gauge Pods
MINI Cooper Gauge Pods
Mitsubishi Gauge Pods
Mitsubishi Eclipse Gauge Pods
Mitsubishi Lancer Evolution Gauge Pods
Nissan Gauge Pods
Nissan 240SX Gauge Pods
Nissan 350Z Gauge Pods
Nissan Sentra Gauge Pods
Oldsmobile Gauge Pods
Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme Gauge Pods
Pontiac Gauge Pods
Pontiac Trans AM Gauge Pods
Pontiac Firebird Gauge Pods
Pontiac Sunfire Gauge Pods
Pontiac Bonneville Gauge Pods
Pontiac Grand Prix Gauge Pods
Pontiac GTO Gauge Pods
Scion Gauge Pods
Scion FR-S Gauge Pods
Scion tC Gauge Pods
Subaru Gauge Pods
Subaru BRZ Gauge Pods
Subaru Impreza WRX STI Gauge Pods
Volkswagen Gauge Pods
Volkswagen Jetta Gauge Pods
Volkswagen Golf Gauge Pods
Volkswagen Beetle Gauge Pods
Universal Gauge Pods
Universal A-Pillar Gauge Pods
Universal Dash Gauge Pods
Gauge Clusters
Gauge Accessories
Boost Adapters
Fuel Pressure Adapters
Transmission Temperature Adapters
Oil Pressure Adapters
Water Temperature Adapters
Exhaust Gas Temperature Adapters
Universal Thread Adapters
Big Line Kits
Air/Fuel Ratio Accessories
Speedometer Accessories
Oil Filter Sandwich Adapters
Oil Cooler Sandwich Adapters
Wiring Harnesses
Expandable Circuits
Drill & Tap Kits
Weld-In Bungs
Digital Tachometers & Shift Lights
Shift Lights
Digital Tachometers
Replacement Parts
7 Color Series Replacement Parts
Elite 10 Color Series Replacement Parts
Digital Series Replacement Parts
MaxTow Series Replacement Parts
3in1 Replacement Parts
Tinted Series Replacement Parts
Pillar Pod Mounting Hardware Replacement Parts
Oil Filter Replacement Parts
GlowShift Lifestyle
GlowShift T-Shirts
GlowShift Hats
GlowShift Custom Gauge Packages
GlowShift 7 Color Series Custom Gauge Packages
Elite 10 Color Series Custom Gauge Packages
GlowShift Digital Series Custom Gauge Packages
MaxTow Custom Diesel Truck Gauge Packages
MaxTow Diesel Gauge Packages
MaxTow Gauge Packages for Ford Super Duty
MaxTow Gauge Packages for Dodge Cummins
MaxTow Gauge Packages for Duramax
Diesel Truck Store
Dodge Cummins
1986-1993 Dodge Ram Cummins
1994-1997 Dodge Ram Cummins
1998-2002 Dodge Ram Cummins
2003-2009 Dodge Ram Cummins
2010-2018 Dodge Ram Cummins
Ford Power Stroke
1987-1991 Ford IDI Diesel
1992-1997 Ford Power Stroke & IDI
1999-2007 Ford Power Stroke
2008-2010 Ford Power Stroke
2011-2016 Ford Power Stroke
Chevrolet Duramax
1988-1994 Chevrolet 6.5L Diesel
1995-1998 Chevrolet 6.5L Turbo Diesel
2000-2006 Chevrolet Duramax
2007-2013 Chevrolet Duramax
2014-2019 Chevrolet Duramax
GMC Duramax
1988-1994 GMC 6.5L Diesel
1995-1998 GMC 6.5L Turbo Diesel
2000-2006 GMC Duramax
2007-2013 GMC Duramax
2014-2019 GMC Duramax
Promo Code Coupons
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment to Privacy and Security
Protecting your privacy and security is of the utmost importance to us. To show our commitment to maintaining your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online. We encourage you to ask questions and to be cautious before you disclose your personal information to others.
Essential Information We Collect
In operating our store, it is essential for us to capture some information about your device, such as
your IP address and information related to your visit when you browse our store. For example, this
might include timestamps, the last page or product you visited, the indication that you logged in and more.
We do that in order to:
Remember who you are after you login so that you do not need to authenticate at each
click.
Monitor if our website is running with the high performance we are dedicated to
providing.
Let you browse between products without having to start back from the home page at
each click.
Remember if you put something in your shopping cart before you decide to checkout.
Control that your data is processed securely.
We call the information mentioned above “essential information” and we collect it through the
use of cookies. Cookies are small text files that most websites uses. A website places cookies in the
web browser and then reads the information collected through the cookies every time the user
performs an action. We use cookies. Without enabling this mechanism and this kind of cookies
(first party cookies), we could not provide you with the smooth experience that you expect while
you are navigating.
Order Information
If you buy something from our store, we will need more specific information about you. To fully
process your order and ship the merchandise you selected, we need your personal data such as
your first and last name, your email address and your shipping and billing address. We also use
your contact and order information to send you communications related to the processing of your
order. We will ask you to provide this information in our “checkout page” before letting you
finalize your purchase with the payment. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order, and it is our right to refuse any order for any reason we determine to be valid.
Accounts
You can sign up for an account if you’d like. We will remember your information
and, when you decide to buy our products, you do not have to provide all of your information over
again -- you just have to login. Before registering your account, we will ask you to expressly
provide your consent to this privacy policy. Only if you give us your consent, we will open your
account. We also give you the possibility to easily withdraw your consent and delete your account. Just
connect with us at the contact details at the bottom of the page.
Partial Purchases
If you have started to buy one of our products, but have not completed the purchase, you may
have provided partial information, such as your email. In that case, we might send you an email to
remind you about your interest. If you are not comfortable in receiving further emails of this kind,
we will give you a simple opportunity to opt-out. Your privacy means a lot to us and we will stop
sending you these communications right away.
Reviews
If you have completed a purchase, we will send you an email to ask you to review the product you
bought. We want to be sure that whether you love your purchase or have a complaint, you can
share your opinion with other customers. You may also be prompted when you complete your order to receive a survey from Google about your shopping experience.
Personalization
We also use some specific information related to your visit, such as the timestamp of your visit, the
page or the product you viewed, where you are coming from (if you came to our store because you
clicked on an advertisement or you just opened our direct link). This is very similar to the
“essential information,” but we use it to provide you with a personalized experience. The
information on your visit provides us with insights on your interests and allows us to send you
relevant communications. We capture this information through cookies, called a "beacon," that
we allow you to block.
Email Services
By entering in your email address on our website, you are subscribing (opting-in) to promotional email campaigns, which may include but not limited to special discounts, related products based on your order history, as well as helpful tips and installation advice regarding the items you have purchased. We use a third party platform to send promotional e-mails to customers as well as newsletter subscribers. Images contained in the email may be served by the third party. They may collect certain information about you such as your IP address, browser type, your operating system, the country and server your computer is logged onto, where the servers that your computer is logged onto is located, the time and date that a particular email was viewed, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular ad or email, products viewed and whether you continued on to make a purchase. If you do not wish to receive our promotional emails, you can easily unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email. For EU visitors, we will explicitly ask permission to send you marketing communications before doing so.
Other uses of personal data
We participate in remarketing advertising campaigns with third party vendors to display content specific advertisements to visitors that have previously visited GlowShiftDirect.com. GlowShift Gauges, LLC sponsored advertisements will be visible to visitors when those visitors go to other sites that participate in display network advertising. Third party vendors use first party, as well as third party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on a visitor’s past visits to GlowShiftDirect.com's website. When creating & deploying remarketing advertising campaigns, we are fully compliant with policies on remarketing as required by our third party services. We do not use and/or run ads that collect any sensitive information about visitors including, but not limited to, email addresses, telephone numbers, and credit card numbers. Visitors can find more information how to opt out of personalized ads by visiting the links below.
NAI Consumer Opt Out
Criteo
Facebook
Twitter
How do we process your information?
We use an external provider to run our store, BigCommerce. BigCommerce is based in the US and is a participant in the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and committed to providing best-in-class
service and data protection. You can check its participation in the Privacy Shield here on the official site of the International Trade Administration (ITA), U.S. Department of Commerce.
Through BigCommerce, we also use other, highly specialized external providers to provide the
most competitive services. For example:
Google
Microsoft
Criteo
Bronto By Oracle
Facebook
Twitter
JustUno
Agile Harbor
The companies above may also use third party services of their own to optimally manage their platforms.
We may also from time to time evaluate other third party services designed to further improve your experience.
Our store is PCI-DSS compliant (a very strict industry standard with requirements for the security of credit card information), but we use accredited companies to process your credit card information such as Authorize.net & PayPal.
We integrate with a number of shipping companies to fulfill your orders which is provided to us by ShipStation.
Partnering with highly specialized external companies allows us to focus on what we do best:
selling great products.
How can you control your personal data?
If you are one of our customers who is in the EU, and we are specifically selling our products to the
Member State where you are located, you have specific rights that we are honored to enforce
without undue delay: Access, Correct, Erasure, Port, Object. If you cannot exercise your choice on
your account page or if you do not have an account with us, please reach out to us, at the contact
details at the bottom of this page. We will be more than happy to help. You can also review additional information here if you reside in the EU.
How long do we keep your data?
We keep your data for as long as you have an account with us. Most importantly, we have specific obligations for fraud detection and tax reasons as required by law. Therefore, we might need to retain certain data even if you ask to delete it.
Do we have any legal obligations when handling your data?
Many. Occasionally we may be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, without prior notice to you. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful.
Contacting GlowShift Gauges, LLC. about privacy questions or concerns
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us by sending a message to:
Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer
GlowShift Gauges, LLC.
444 Commerce Lane Suite A
West Berlin, NJ 08091
Support@GlowShiftGauges.com
Updates
If we update our Privacy Policy to reflect a change or improvement of our services or a new legal
obligation, we will publish the new version here on this specific page of our website.
×
OK
OUR EMAILS ARE CLUTCH!
×