http://www.1-800flags.com/pages/terms-and-conditions-of-use
Terms and conditions
Terms of Use
These terms apply to this website (hereafter website), which is managed and maintained by www.1-800flags.com.When developing this website, www.1-800flags.com strived to insure that the information was current and accurate, but we do not guarantee that it is accurate or current, or useful for your purpose. www.1-800flags.com is not responsible for any damage you may sustain from using this website. www.1-800flags.com may alter or delete any information on this website without notice to the user. Also, if necessary www.1-800flags.com reserves the right to remove this website from public view, either temporally or permanently.www.1-800flags.com reserves the right to modify, change, otherwise edit or remove this website from public view and www.1-800flags.com is not liable for any damages incurred due to these changes.
Usable Browsers
The following Browsers / Operating Systems (OS) have been verified for use with this website as of February 10, 2015.WINDOWS XP / VISTA / WINDOWS 7    Microsoft Internet Explorer v11    Mozilla Firefox v30.0    Google Chrome 23.0.1271.95MAC OSX    Safari    Mozilla Firefox    Google Chrome
Using Browsers/OS other than those listed above or other versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape, Firefox, Safari Browsers/OS or other  third-party browsers, the website will basically be displayed, but www.1-800flags.com takes no responsibility whatsoever. Please check for Browser Upgrade information on individual manufacturer's site.
Printing the Website
Please understand that when printing using other versions of OS and Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape, Firefox, Safari browsers or other makers browsers, printed displays may be different from those actually seen on the display due to your browsers/OS specifications.
Browser Specific Specifications
When displaying a page, the operation may differ from other browsers due to specifications peculiar to the browser in use. Please be aware of this beforehand.
Copyrights and Trademarks
All material on this site including but not limited to text, images, Audio, programs, etc. (hereafter content) of this website is protected by domestic and international copyright laws, international conventions and laws.Use of the contents of this website without the written consent of the rights-holder is strictly prohibited. The content of this Website cannot be reprinted, or published in a magazine, book, or CD-ROM, etc without the prior written permission of www.1-800flags.com. Other names, such as those of products of other companies, are the trademarks or registered trademarks of each company.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Website Links
This Website may contain links to other Internet sites on the World Wide Web. www.1-800flags.com linked to or from this website. The responsibility for those sites belongs to their corporate management or individual managers. www.1-800flags.com takes no responsibility about any damage incurred when the visitor uses any linked website. Use the linked websites at your own risk and according to the conditions which the website imposes. www.1-800flags.com provides such links for your convenience only, and does not mean that the use of the website, publicized merchandises or services is recommended. These links do not mean that any special relationship exist between www.1-800flags.com and corporation and/or individual who manages the linked website.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our Terms of Use.
Changes to our Terms of Use
If we decide to change our Terms of Use, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Terms of Use modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 2/10/2015
Search