https://www.dodopad.com/shop/terms-of-sale#delivery
Dodo Pad
Search:
Search
Dodo Towers Tour
Tour Guide
Grand Entrance (home)
Exterior
Grand Hall
Drawing Room
Kitchen
Library
Garden Room
Master Bedroom
Hedge Maze
Floor Plan
What is a Dodo Pad?
About the Dodo Pad
Search Inside or Compare Sizes
Stuff n' Nonsense
Lord Dodo's Origins
Captain Carstammers
Dodo Real Facts
Dodo Produce
Newly Hatched
Dodo Pad Shop
GIFT FINDER
Under £10
Under £20
Over £20
Wondrous Wives/Gorgeous Girlfriends
Marvellous Men
Cheeky Children
Testy Teenagers
In-Laws & Out-Laws
Agonising Aunts
Events of a Lifetime
Moving on...
Lord Dodo's Christmas Gift Emporium
SALE or fewer than 20 left
2021 Calendar Year Diaries/Calendars
2021 Dodo Pad diaries & calendars
DigiDodo - Usage & 'How-To' tutorials
2020/21 Mid-Year Diaries/Calendars
2020/21 Acad-Pad diaries & calendars
Filofax/other ring-bound organisers
Everyday / Non-Dated Stationery
Jotters, Notepads & Paper
Pencils, Pens, Pen Loops
Dodo Blank Books
Save the Day Stickers
eyePad Notebook
Perennial Planners
Perennial Wall Planner
Address & Visitor Books
Address Books: Bound & Looseleaf
Book of Visitors
Loose-leaf DodoPAX system
Organisers for House and Garden
Dodo Book of Garden Cuttings
Dodo Household Stuff Book
Dodo Book of the Big Move
Organisers for Celebrations
Christmas Planners & Organisers
Book of the Big Day
Book of the Big Bump
Personal Wellbeing Organiser
Dodo Book of Wellbeing
Pet & Pony Organisers
Dodo Book of the Precious Pet
Tally Ho Dodo!
Travel Essentials
Dodo Travel Log
SPECIAL OFFERS & BUNDLES
Charities we support
Privacy Policy & Use of Cookies
What the Papers say
Have Your Say
Visitors' book
Dodelighted
Contact Us
Keep Me Posted
My Account
My Wishlist
My Cart
Checkout
Log In
Terms of Sale
How to Order and make a Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse Lord Dodo's Amazing Mall and click on any items you wish to buy and put them into the shopping cart. If you change your mind, click on the shopping cart icon and adjust your order. After you have finished your selection, click on Checkout and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to process the order.
We can process card payments from any country, but you will receive the currency equivalent of the UK sterling price on your credit card or bank statement, not online. At present we regret that we are not able to offer the option to view prices in other currencies. Dodo Pad accepts MasterCard, MasterCard Debit, Visa, Visa Delta and Purchasing, American Express, Electron, Maestro and JCB and your card will be charged when you successfully place your order. We also offer PayPal as a payment option.
Payment & Taxes All product prices are shown in pounds sterling (£) and include UK VAT at the current rate of 20%. However, if your order is to be DELIVERED to a non-EU country (and you correctly complete the relevant delivery address), then VAT exempt prices will be displayed at checkout and you will not be charged VAT.
Credit Card SecurityWe take the issue of security of your personal and credit card details very seriously indeed. We know of no documented cases of credit card fraud using our shopping system over the Internet. All credit card numbers are encrypted in the software when the order is placed using 128 bit encryption. They are not held in clear text on any website. Please see below for our Privacy Policy.
Delivery, Shipping and Handling
Order Handling Our standard UK shipping/handling charge is £3.95. Standard UK shipping is free when you spend over £50.00 (unless a lower promotional rate is in place at the time) and is expressed as a fixed discount in your shopping cart when you enter your postcode and promotion code FREESHIP. Any overseas postal supplement is added automatically to your order at checkout and the handling charge is applied to each individual delivery address.
Unless you are ordering using Royal Mail Special Delivery (please see below), your order will normally be processed and dispatched the following working day or at latest within two working days of receipt of your order. At peak times this may vary. If you are ordering a large number of items please be aware that the parcel may be delivered via a courier or may be too large to fit through a standard letterbox. This is also the case with our Monthly Planner Calendar. If you wish to alter your delivery address, please reply to your confirmation email by return with an alternate delivery address. We try to process orders quickly but we will always try to accommodate your wishes.
UK DeliveryDelivery to a United Kingdom address is generally by 2nd class Royal Mail post or a 2-3 day courier service depending on weight and value of goods ordered. If your order is large or heavy and/or includes a leather slipcover, it will be sent by Registered Post or via a tracked courier service.
Royal Mail Special Delivery to a United Kingdom addressIf you wish to have your goods delivered by Royal Mail Special Delivery (Next Working Day by 9am or 1pm) please select this option during checkout. Orders must be placed by 11.30am (Monday - Friday) in order to qualify for Next Working Day service. Orders placed on a Friday may be delivered the following day at Royal Mail's discretion, but ‘Next Working Day’ is normally the following Monday (excepting Bank Holidays). For orders placed after 11.30am, we reserve the right to dispatch the following working day. This service is offered at the standard cost of Royal Mail Special Delivery, plus applicable VAT and is based on total weight of goods. NB. Special Delivery orders weighing over 10kg will be dispatched via next a working day courier service.
**PLEASE NOTE** During severe weather conditions or in circumstances beyond our control such as the Coronavirus pandemic, we or the Royal Mail may choose to remove the 'Next Working Day by 1pm' option/guarantee (and/or our couriers may suspend/modify their service guarantees) and we cannot be held liable for non-delivery as unfortunately, we have no control over this situation.
Overseas Delivery (USA deliveries - please see below for special conditions)If your order is to be delivered to an address outside the United Kingdom, please select Shipping Destination at checkout and choose the country where you wish to send your order. The overseas shipping supplement will be displayed automatically. For European delivery, the average charge is £3.50 including VAT per £10 worth of order value. For Rest of the World orders, the average charge is £3.95 per £10 worth of order value. Please be careful to correctly enter the destination country in the invoice/ shipping address. We reserve the right to charge further corrective postage if you fail to enter this information accurately. Please also note that if your order is subject to local duties/taxes/redirection charges, you are liable for these.
Please note that if your order weighs more than 1kg, we reserve the right to contact you if necessary, in order to request supplementary postal/courier costs. This is due to the fact that when we make discounted promotional offers the postal charges in our shopping cart software are calculated on the monetary value and not the true weight of the goods. This requirement may also apply when we send goods to certain countries, where the postal system is not always reliable (eg. South Africa) and it is therefore preferable to use a tracked courier service. We will always quote actual costs.
USA deliveriesAs a result of the greatly reduced number of flights to the USA due to the Coronavirus pandemic, exceptional price increases have been imposed by Royal Mail for parcel post. For the time being, from 1 July 2020, we are reluctantly having to increase our postal charges for some parcels destined for the USA. Please be aware that after reviewing your order, we may need to contact you for a supplementary shipping payment. We hope this will be a temporary measure and we apologise for any inconvenience.
Unless otherwise specified, all the above charges are quoted inclusive of VAT at the prevailing rate.
Delivery ScheduleWe aim to dispatch your order within a maximum of 2 working days of receipt and deliver your order as soon as possible; this is normally well within 7 - 14 days. International orders are generally received within no more than 14 - 21 days – often a lot sooner. Dodo Pad Ltd shall not be held liable for any delay or failure to deliver goods within our estimated delivery times.
Items available to pre-orderIn order to provide customers with the benefit of pre-ordering and/or using promotional discount codes, we very occasionally make a new product available to pre-order just prior to its arrival in our warehouse. Please note that if your order includes a pre-ordered item not yet available, the whole order will be despatched when the pre-ordered item comes into stock. If you require any items before then, please call the office during UK business hours (Monday to Friday 9am - 5pm) on +44 (0)345 053 1166 to arrange delivery. Please note that a further order handling charge and postage may be levied in this case.
Promotion CodesIf you use one of our discount or special offer promotion codes when placing your order, please be sure to read the full terms of the offer as we cannot be held responsible for any errors. Only one code per order can be used. We may choose to include free gifts - these are in addition to any promotion code used when placing your order.
Back OrdersIf the item you desire is not in stock at Lord Dodo's Amazing Mall, we will e-mail you with the option to amend or cancel your order if you would rather not wait.
GuaranteeLord Dodo guarantees that Muddle Managers around the Globe will be unable to resist his indodispensible range of diaries and organisers. If you are in any way dissatisfied with your order, please e-mail us (info [at] dodopad.com) or call the office during UK business hours (Monday to Friday 9am - 5pm) on +44 (0)345 053 1166. (0345 numbers are FREE within bundled minutes from UK landlines/mobiles; otherwise charged at standard local call rate. Please call +44 1872 575363 if calling from overseas)
Reaching UsIf you need to reach us, please email info [at] dodopad.com Telephone Orders: +44 (0)345 053 1166Snail mail: Dodo Pad Ltd, The Old Stables, Liskey Hill, Perranporth, Cornwall TR6 0BB
Retail OutletsTo find your nearest stockist, please refer to stockist information on our website (see Navigation bar) or, if you prefer, phone us on +44 (0)345 634 6272 during UK business hours.
Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding our customers' privacy and we adhere to the new GDPR rules which came into effect from 25 May 2018 to ensure that any of the personal details we hold are protected from unauthorised access. Dodo Pad does not disclose buyers' information to third parties without their express permission. Cookies are used on this shopping site, but only to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item. Data collected by this site is used to:
a. Take and fulfil customer ordersb. Administer and enhance the site and servicec. Only disclose information to third parties for goods delivery purposes
We may send you email communications, including occasional newsletters. Dodo Pad Ltd. may contact you with information about our products by email (and by traditional mail if you have provided your snail mail address). You may ask us, at any stage, to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes. You can opt out at any time from receiving marketing communications from us by email or snail mail and we promise that your email address will never be passed on to third parties for marketing purposes without your express prior consent. You may view our complete privacy policy here and in relation to the use of cookies on this website.
Information regarding our review service, Trusted ShopsOnce your order has been placed, the Trusted Shops Trustbadge is incorporated into the order confirmation web page and displays the Trusted Shops Trustmark for buyers and any eventually collected reviews, as well as the Trusted Shops product offer. This serves to safeguard our legitimate prevailing interests in an optimised marketing of our offer. The Trustbadge and the services advertised are provided by of Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather Str. 15C, 50823 Köln.
Whenever a Trustbadge is clicked on, the web server automatically stores a so-called server log file that contains, for example, your IP address, the date and time of retrieval, the data volume transferred and the requesting provider (access data), and documents the retrieval. This access data will not be evaluated and will be automatically overwritten seven days after your visit to the page. Other personal information will only be transferred to Trusted Shops if you decide, after completing an order, to use Trusted Shops products or have already registered for their use. In this case, the contractual agreement between you and Trusted Shops applies.
Returns Policy
We hope that you will be dodelighted with your order. Should you not be, for any reason, you have the right to return items within fourteen days* from receipt of the goods and receive a full refund for the cost of the goods. Your return should be sent to the address above in its original inner packaging (if applicable) and, ideally, wrapped securely in the same outer packaging in which you received it.
Please include both your customer and order numbers and ensure that you retain dated proof of postage. We cannot be held responsible for goods lost or damaged in transit.
We regret that we cannot refund any return postage or handling charges incurred unless the goods were damaged or defective at the time of receipt. If such an item arrives, please contact us immediately by phone (0345 053 1166) and we will make arrangements for a replacement to be delivered to you.
If you wish to exchange goods which are returned to us in their original saleable condition, we will make a nominal charge of £3.95 (for UK delivery; otherwise overseas delivery charges will apply) plus, if required, any balance of costs outstanding on the replacement goods dispatched to you. If you paid direct by credit/debit card and we need to make a refund to your card, we reserve the right to make a nominal charge of 50p or 2% of the refund value (whichever is the greater) as we are charged by our card services provider for this service. If you paid via PayPal this is limited to their non-refundable fee of up to 4%. These charges will not apply if the error was ours.
* Please note that we also make a nominal retention of £3.95 if you cancel your order after the statutory fourteen-day period - this is to help defray our postal costs which are largely included in the prices shown on our website. This does not affect your statutory rights. Terms and Conditions stated on this website are those currently prevailing and supersede any printed materials which may be used in the fulfillment of your order and we reserve the right to charge at the current rate for postage/returns retention etc.
Company InformationDodo Pad Ltd. The Old Stables, Liskey Hill, Perranporth, Cornwall TR6 0BB  Company Reg No. 3331934 VAT No: 685 1505 25 Reg. Address: Lowin House, Tregolls Road, Truro TR1 2NA
About UsHEALTH WARNING: Dodo Produce is addictive. Once experienced Lord Dodo's potent mixture of frivolity and practicality becomes irresistible, rendering the user unable to purchase an inferior substitute.
Copyright & Trademark The contents of this website (including pictures, photographs, images, logos, written text and other materials) are the copyright trademark or registered trademark of Dodo Pad Ltd. All rights reserved. (updated: 22 July 2020)
My Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Present Picker
Under £10
Under £20
Over £20
Wondrous Wives & Gorgeous Girlfriends
Marvellous Men
Cheeky Children
Testy Teenagers
In-Laws & Out-Laws
Agonising Aunts
Events of a Lifetime
Moving on...
Catalogue
Mid Year Diaries
Full Year Diaries
How to Order
Delivery
Terms of Sale
Dodelighted
Keep Me Posted
Charity
Contact Us
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Whether it's a 2020/21 mid-year academic or 2021 calendar year family diaries; a wall pad calendar, organiser, journal, planner or any humorous, quirky gift stationery you're after, there's a Dodo Pad diary or organiser from Lord Dodo for every occasion... or soon will be! Please peer inside to dodiscover more...Our standard UK shipping/handling charge is £3.95. Standard UK shipping is free when you spend over £50 and is expressed as a fixed discount in your shopping cart when you enter your postcode and promotion code FREESHIP. We use cookies. If you continue and do not change any settings, it will be assumed that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website. However, you may change your cookie settings at any time. You may read our complete Privacy and Cookies Policy here.© Dodo Pad Ltd.
Hosted
by UKNetWeb Ltd.