http://www.odabash.com/pages/cookie-policy
Skip to content
User
Menu
Search
Bag
Heart
Check
FAQ page for COVID-19 updates
free
shipping orders over £250
LIVE
CUSTOMER CHAT
$ USD
€ EUR
£ GBP
Close
New Arrivals
Shop All
Bikinis
Bikini Tops
Bikini Bottoms
Supportive Bikinis
Bandeau Bikinis
Halterneck Bikinis
Padded Bikinis
Triangle Bikinis
Shop All
Shop All
Miami Bikini
Cayman Bikini
Athens Bikini
Swimwear
One Piece
Sustainable Swimwear
Bandeau Onepieces
Halterneck Onepieces
Padded Onepieces
Supportive Onepieces
Shop All
Shop All
Palermo Swimsuit
Kos Swimsuit
Chile Swimsuit
Beachwear
Denim
Kaftans
Beach Dresses
Beach Shorts
Beach Skirts
Beach Tops
Playsuits & Jumpsuits
Shop All
Shop All
Lauri Top
Joy Dress
Alexi Short
Ready To Wear
Accessories
Masks
Personalised Bags Small
Personalised Bags Large
Bags
Hats
Pareos
Sandals
Jewellery
Shop All
Shop All
Sandals
Porto Cervo
Ischia Clutch
Childrenswear
Children's Face Masks
Swimwear
Beachwear
Shop All
Baby Eisha
Baby Milly
Baby Sharize
Sale
Beachwear Sale
Bikini Sale
One-Piece Sale
Shop All
Log in
Create account
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Our Site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Site. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Site and also allows us to improve our Site. (By continuing to browse the Site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.)
When you enter our Site for the first time and where we wish to issue your computer with a cookie, you will be asked to consent to such use. If you wish to reject our cookie, you can decline our request, in which case you may not be able to use the Site or some parts of it. Additionally, you can configure your browser to do so, or you can ask your internet browser to alert you when a cookie is being set up. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track traffic flows.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of users and to see how users move around our Site when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our Site works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in the table below:
Name
Purpose
Expiry Period
__utma
Used to distinguish users and sessions. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing __utma cookies exist. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 years from set/update.
__utmt
Used to throttle request rate.
10 minutes.
__utmb
Used to determine new sessions/visits. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and no existing__utmb cookies exist. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
30 minutes from set/update.
__utmc
Not used in ga.js. Set for interoperability with urchin.js. Historically, this cookie operated in conjunction with the __utmb cookie to determine whether the user was in a new session/visit.
End of browser session.
__utmz
Stores the traffic source or campaign that explains how the user reached your site. The cookie is created when the javascript library executes and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
6 months from set/update.
__utmv
Used to store visitor-level custom variable data. This cookie is created when a developer uses the _setCustomVar method with a visitor level custom variable. This cookie was also used for the deprecated_setVar method. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.
2 years from set/update.
Hide Note
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
Blocking Cookies
You are able to block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.
Information on how to block cookies can usually be found within the “Help” feature of your browser. Information can also be found on the main browser websites.
http://www.apple.com/safari/ (Apple Safari)
http://www.google.com/chrome (Google Chrome)
http://www.microsoft.com (Internet Explorer)
http://www.mozilla--europe.org/en/firefox (Mozilla Firefox)
http://www.opera.com (Opera)
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
FAQ
Promotional Codes
Care Instructions
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
COVID-19 (Coronavirus)
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you are giving consent to cookies being used. For information on cookies and how you can disable them, visit our Privacy & Cookies page.