http://www.roaringlionpublishing.com/pages/privacy
RECEIVE FREE ITEMS INSTANTLY!
Subscribe
Search
Home
New
Qi Gong
Supplements
Media
CD/Audio
DVD/Video
Digital Download
Magnetic's
Appliances
Other
Super Greens
Contact Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy Statement
The contents of www.roaringlionpublishing.com (“the web site”) are protected by copyright : ©2017 Roaring Lion Publishing and/or its clients and suppliers. Reproduction of part or all of the web site is prohibited other than in accordance with this Notice.
All rights are reserved.
Use of content
We grant you the non-exclusive right to use material from the web site provided that:-
the material is copied solely for educational and personal use and will not be copied or posted on any network, computer, web site or publication or broadcast in any media or distributed by any means for any commercial purpose whatsoever;
the material shall not be amended or modified in any way; and
the copyright notice originally included in the material shall appear on all copies.
Some parts of the web site contain images that are the copyright material of our clients and/or suppliers.
Other web sites
We cannot accept responsibility for any other web site which you may access through the web site. Such links are provided only for convenience and we cannot endorse or accept any responsibility for the contents or the use of any such web sites.
We also disclaim any responsibility for any views which may be expressed on the web site or on any web sites which may be linked to the web site.
Disclaimer
We do our best to ensure that information on the web site is correct but we do not accept any liability whatsoever for its content or for errors or omissions. We cannot guarantee that everything on the web site is free from viruses or defects and assume no responsibility whatsoever for any damage to visitors’ computers or any other equipment.
PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
ROARING LION PUBLISHING is committed to protecting your privacy! Only limited personal information is collected about you, and that is only used to enable shopping and make return visits to the site much easier.When you confirm an order we obviously need to take your name, e-mail address, home address, and your credit card details. This information is vital so that we are able to actually process your order, and so that we can deliver your goods. Your payment details ARE NOT stored anywhere on the web site, nor in the database that runs the site, hence the reason that you will always be asked to input your card details every time you place an order. It might seem like an inconvenience, but we believe this is the safest approach.We do store some personal information about you but this is in a SECURE database, and is entered via a SECURE order form. All personal and card information is entered via our secure server, who's software (Secure Socket Layers (SSL)) encrypts all data you enter before it is transmitted to us.Our site makes use of Cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your local PC. The Cookie for our site does not hold any personal information, just a couple of meaningless numbers that help the site recognize you on a repeat visit.We will never sell any information gained via our site to any third party or organization. We may very occasionally make use of it ourselves to let you know about any goods or services that we think you may be interested in. These will be things that are pertinent to the subjects that we deal with. Most of all we thank you for visiting and shopping on our site. If you have any further questions about our privacy policy please email us at webmaster@roaringlionpublishing.com or call 800-491-7141.