http://www.brookbyherbs.co.nz/policies/privacy-policy
Horse
Expand submenu Horse
Collapse submenu Horse
Organic Liquid Extracts For Horses
Dried Herbal Blends For Horses
Allergies
Colds & Immunity
Mobility & Inflammation
Hormones & Calmers
Dog
Herbs
Stockists
Articles
Log In
Create Account
Search
Contact
About Us
Testimonials
FAQ
Articles
Subscribe & Save
Terms & Conditions
Shipping
Privacy Policy
Returns
Your cart
Close Cart
Privacy policy
Brookby Herbs Privacy Policy
At Brookby Herbs, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information you give us to process orders and to provide a more personalised shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. When you sign up to receive special offers or our newsletter, we require only an e-mail address, which is where the information is sent to. When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
How does Brookby Herbs protect customer information?
When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) uses 128 bit encryption on your credit card information before it is sent to us. Any general information such as name and email address for newsletter subscriptions are not sent via secure server. However, this is also the case with most email messages sent via the internet.
Will Brookby Herbs disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. Customers of Brookby Herbs may however be offered specials. Brookby Herbs may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. Brookby Herbs may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to: (I) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Brookby Herbs, our users, or others.
How does Brookby Herbs allow customers to update or change the information it collects?
At present you may request information that is held on our systems relating to yourself at any time by sending an e-mail to us. This information will be forwarded to you within seven days. If you believe that any of the information held about you is incorrect, you may request that we change it by emailing us at info@brookbyherbs.co.nz. In an electronic world, this information is a prerequisite. It is provided to us in good faith and we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Brookby Herbs possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. Personal information is not sold, traded, or rented by Brookby Herbs. Brookby Herbs does however reserve the right to offer customers special offers with products from trust worthy third parties. If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us, send an email to mailto:info@brookbyherbs.co.nz
Your security
To protect your personal information we will take all reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to ensure any information you provide to us is stored appropriately and will not be misused, traded, sold, or disclosed to third parties.
Consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Brookby Herbs. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Contact Us
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at jackie@brookbyherbs.co.nz or by mail using the details provided below:
Brookby Herbs [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] 38 Spencer St Auckland Auckland NZ 1050
-----
Search
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device