http://www.creativeforkids.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Creative for Kids, Inc. respect your right to privacy. We may change or add to this privacy policy at any time without notice, so we encourage you to review it periodically. Creative for Kids reserves the right to vary this policy state by state as required by law. By purchasing our products or using our services or website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the following privacy policy. This privacy policy will tell you: What information is collected by Creative for Kids How we may use and share information How we protect the information Creative for Kids POINTS OF CONTACT Creative for Kids Points of Contact The Creative for Kids points of contact include, but are not limited to: Creative for Kids stores, our merchandise sales website creativeforkids.com, Creative for Kids's customer service line for ordering products, and communications with Creative for Kids's customer relations department. Any other website or on-line service that may be provided from time to time by Creative for Kids or on behalf of Creative for Kids.What Information Do We Collect? Consumer Information We receive and may keep information voluntarily given to us when you decided to make a Creative for Kids purchase, register on a Creative for Kids website, take part in a special promotion, or provide any other information or unique preferences to better serve you. This information may include: Your name, address and phone number Date of birth Your e-mail address Your credit card or Creative for Kids Gift Card Proof of your identity Any other information that Creative for Kids may voluntarily collect from you from time to time on its website or through alternate means It might also include information you provide us about other people. For example, you may provide us with some of the same information as above (name and address) for a merchandise gift recipient. When you provide us with personal information about the intended recipient of a shipment, we use that information for the purposes of processing the shipment and, in some cases, to communicate with the intended recipient to provide information pertaining to the status of the shipment. We rely on you to obtain the intended recipient's consent to our use of their personal information for these limited purposes. Information from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources such as updated address information. This information may help us to improve our ability to serve your needs such as ensuring the accurate delivery of direct mail materials. Use of Cookies and Other Technology We want you to be aware that certain online tools exist to help us serve and recognize you when you visit one of our websites. For your convenience, to help us personalize your experience or better serve your needs, we may receive and store certain types of information when you visit one of our websites. You may be familiar with the term "cookies". These cookies may be placed on your computer when you click on a Creative for Kids e-mail, banner, or on the site directly. We use this information to understand how users navigate to and around our websites, view product pages, access content and make purchases. ONCE INFORMATION IS RECEIVED, HOW IS IT USED AND/OR SHARED? Within Creative for Kids, Inc. Information we collect from you may be shared between all points of contact within Creative for Kids, Inc. We use this information to offer you special offers, new products, and services. In addition, Creative for Kids may use such information to: Provide you with timely and reliable fulfillment of requests Do all things necessary to administer those services Deliver merchandise and services that you purchase online Register you on creativeforkids.com Facilitate payment for your purchases Confirm your orders and delivery information Respond to your customer service inquiries or requests Communicate offers, benefits and featured items to you Administer giveaways, contests, birthday programs and similar promotions Administer special customer recognition programs Find and stock the products you want Customize your shopping experience and other uses as determined by Creative for Kids Outside Creative for Kids Certain business services are performed on Creative for Kids's behalf and at Creative for Kids's request by other companies. We may share your information with selected vendors that perform services for Creative for Kids or to others for other marketing purposes. To perform these services, these companies may, at times, utilize some of the information you have provided Creative for Kids. This information is used for the purposes Creative for Kids has requested such as maintaining our database, administering and monitoring e-mails, and contest administration.We may also share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when (1) permitted or required by law, or (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions, or (3) investigating fraud that has already taken place. In addition, Creative for Kids reserves the right to disclose personal information to a third party if a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order legally requires or authorizes us to do so. In all cases, this information is not provided to these entities for purposes of marketing to a Creative for Kids customer. Retention of Personal Information Creative for Kids retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws. Your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after any termination of our relationship with you. Right to Transfer Creative for Kids also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including, but not limited to, liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Creative for Kids or of any of the business, assets or shares of Creative for Kids or a division thereof. Creative for Kids may decide to retain a copy of the information after the sale or transfer for any use. How to Contact Creative for Kids Postal Mail If you do not want to receive promotional mail from Creative for Kids via postal service, send a letter stating this with your name and address to privacy@creativeforkids.com, or to our mailing address below. You can also call us at (217) 762-5800 with your request. E-mails When you fill out one of our forms or other requests for information, you may choose to receive e-mail that informs you about new merchandise in our stores or online, as well as special offers and promotions. In addition, we may send you e-mails to help us learn more about you and your preferences. If, after you have shared your e-mail address with Creative for Kids, you decide that you do not want to receive e-mail from Creative for Kids, you have several options to let us know of your preferences: You can discontinue promotional e-mails by clicking on the hyperlink shown in all Creative for Kids e-mails and follow the instructions to indicate your unsubscribe preference Contact Creative for Kids customer relations as set forth below As it relates to questions you might have about our Privacy Policy or if you have a concern that Creative for Kids may have failed to adhere to this Privacy Policy, please call customer relations at 877-637-0122, e-mail privacy@creativeforkids.com, or write us as follows: Creative for KidsAttention: Customer Privacy 689 County Farm Rd.Monticello, IL 61856 You may also contact us in any one of the above ways to request access to or correction or update of your personal information. Miscellaneous Our Policy on gathering information from and communicating with children online We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. Pursuant to COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, please contact us at (217) 762-5800, by e-mail at privacy@creativeforkids.com, or at the address listed above, and we will remove the information about the individual from our marketing database. Our Commitment to Data Security Creative for Kids makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that personal information collected from you is protected against loss and unauthorized access. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Creative for Kids uses industry standard security techniques on our websites to help protect against the loss, misuse or modification of information that you have provided. When you access your personal information or transmit personally identifiable data to us, that information is stored on servers that we have used commercially reasonable efforts to protect from unauthorized access or intrusion. While we implement the above security measures, you should be aware that 100% security is not possible. Know How to Identify Creative for Kids Email To help you protect your information, we will never ask for the following: We will never send you an email asking you to verify financial account or credit card account information. We will never send you an email requesting personal information such as passwords, social security number, driver's license number or your mother's maiden name. We will never send you an email that threatens to terminate your account. If Emails Look Suspicious If you receive a suspected fraudulent email that makes use of the Creative for Kids name, please forward it to us at privacy@creativeforkids.com or call us at (217) 762-5800. To ensure you reach Creative for Kids's website, we ask you to type any website address we provide into the address line of your browser. This prevents you from being inadvertently redirected to a different website. What happens if I hit a link to another site from a Creative for Kids site? Our websites may offer links to other sites. Other sites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies. Creative for Kids is not responsible for how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information. If you choose to visit one of these sites, you may want to review the policies that govern that particular site. Your California Privacy Rights Beginning January 1, 2005, under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2005 will receive information regarding 2004 sharing activities). To obtain this information, please send an e-mail message to privacy@creativeforkids.com with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
About Our Products
Wall Decals Care Information
All About 3D Cutout Stand Ups
Church Banner Material
Helpful Links
Shipping & General Policies
Payments & Returns
Contact Us
Use Agreement & License
Copyright © 2020 Creative For Kids.
LINKS×
Home
Our Story
Shipping & General Policies
Payments & Returns
Contact Us
Use Agreement & License Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map