http://www.gentshair.com/privacy.php
Privacy Policy
Web Site Legal Terms, Conditions and Privacy Policy
This document sets forth the legal terms and conditions for access to and use of gentshair.com. By accessing or using this web site or the materials therein ("Site"), you agree to comply with the following terms and conditions.
Use and Access to the Site
Every user of this Site does so at their own risk. Gentshair.com makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to the Site and the use thereof, including the security of any data or information transmitted to the Site. Neither gentshair.com nor any other party involved in the creation, production or delivery of this Site assumes or accepts any liability for any costs, losses, damages, etc. arising out of or in connection with the use and access to this Site, or with the failure of performance of this Site for any reason.
Copyright and Trademark Notice
This Site and all of the materials therein are protected by the Copyright Laws of the United States of America and other countries worldwide. Any unauthorized use of the materials contained in the Site is strictly prohibited. All rights reserved. The Site may contain documents, images, software, information and other materials owned by others, such as photographs, commercials, film clips, and music. Any use of any these materials is strictly prohibited, unless prior written consent is obtained from the owner of the materials. The names, tradenames and/or trademarks of gentshair.com and/or third parties are similarly protected. Any unauthorized use of such tradenames or trademarks is strictly prohibited without the prior written consent of gentshair.com and/or the relevant third party.
Links to Other Web sites
It is expressly understood that the web site(s) to which links are provided in this Site are not under the control of gentshair.com. Gentshair.com assumes no responsibility with respect to the linked site(s), or for any potential damage arising out of connection with the use of any such link(s). In addition, any web site to which links are provided in this Site shall not be understood to be an endorsement by gentshair.com of the owner or proprietor of such linked web site.
Unsolicited Materials
As a matter of policy, gentshair.com does not consider suggestions or ideas, which are offered to us on an unsolicited basis.