http://www.reednutcracker.com/pages/privacy-statement
Search
Close menu
Home
Catalog
Heirloom Gifts
Kitchen
Outdoor
Nutcrackers
Haws Watering Cans
Shoelaces
About Us
Log in
Create account
Peasandcornco.com is committed to protecting your privacy while visiting our websites. This privacy statement discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
This privacy policy covers Peas and Corn Co., Inc. and its websites which are peasandcorn.com, peasandcornco.com, ShoeShineExpress.com, ShoeShineExpress.com, HawsWateringCans.com, HawsWholesale.com, ReedNutcracker.com, PeasandCorn.com/ShoeandLeatherCare and PeasandCorn.com/Gifts.
Providing Visitors with Anonymous Access You can access our websites and browse through them without disclosing any personal data.  You have the option of creating a login that will keep information for your convenience.
The Services and Links of Our Website Our websites contain links to other sites that we feel are valuable resources to visitors. Peas and Corn Co., Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
The Information We Collect This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Peas and Corn Co., Inc. websites. On some pages, you can make requests, register to receive email communications, or contact us for general information. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email Address
Phone Number
Additional info appropriate as needed by the Peas and Corn Co., Inc.
Data Collection and Purpose Specification We only collect the personal data that you may volunteer while using our services. We do not collect information about our visitors from other sources, such as public records or bodies, or private organizations.
Children's Privacy Protecting the privacy of children is very important to us. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children. Our websites are not aimed at attracting children.
Disclosure and Visitor Choice We do not rent or disclose your personal information to other organizations.
Confidentiality / Security We do not give visitors to our websites the option of using an unsecured transmission method to send us their personal data. We have implemented security policies, rules, and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:
unauthorized access
improper use or disclosure
unauthorized modification
unlawful destruction or accidental loss
All our employees and data processors, who have access to, and are associated with the processing of personal data, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
Privacy Compliance There are no national laws or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our websites or organization. There are no global or regional regulatory or self-regulatory schemes applicable to our websites or organization.