https://www.everythingdinosaur.com/cookies-policy/
Skip to content
Cookies Policy
Home/Cookies Policy
Cookies Policymike2018-04-09T09:23:57+00:00
At Everything Dinosaur, we respect the concerns of data subjects with regards to their privacy and the processing of any personal data.  This Cookies Policy provides information on how cookies are used to collect information about how browsers interact with Everything Dinosaur’s websites.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small data files that typically contain two pieces of information, a site name and a unique user ID.  These files are placed on your computer or browsing device such as a tablet or smart phone.  They help to “remember” when your computer or device accessed our websites.  Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online.  They are also used to customise the products and services offered and advertised to you.
What Information Do We Collect?
Cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use Everything Dinosaur’s websites.  These cookies gather data on surfing and purchasing behaviour when you access our websites via the same computer or device.  The information collected may include details of your path around our website, the pages visited and products/services viewed and purchased.  We do not use cookies to collect or record information such as your name and address or other contact details.
What Are The Cookies Used For?
This information can be used to compile reports and to help us manage, improve and develop our websites.  The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, they are used to monitor browsing and purchasing behaviour, our aim being to provide visitors with a more enjoyable, tailor-made browsing and shopping experience.  They are used for technical reasons which are essential for the effective operation of our websites, particularly in relation to online transactions and website navigation.  The information may also be used to gather information about browsing and shopping patterns, helping us to monitor the success of our marketing communications/promotional activities and record the use of the free downloadable teaching materials and other items that are available via Everything Dinosaur’s sites.
Cookies can help us to develop and deliver better products and services customised to suit your interests and requirements.  Occasionally, if you have consented, we may also process data for marketing purposes.
How Do I Disable Cookies?
If you want to disable cookies to prevent them being stored on your hard drive, you will need to make changes to your website browser settings on your computer or other device.  How you can do this will depend on the browser(s) that you are using.  Please refer to your web browser provider or system guide for information on disabling cookies.
Please note:
If you disable any or all cookies, this may have an impact on your user experience of our websites.  This impact will depend on which cookie(s) you disable, but in general the sites may not operate properly if cookies are switched off.
By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. more information AcceptThe cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this.Close
Go to Top