http://www.nueskes.com/service/privacy/
Skip to main content
Home|Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Last Updated: July 29, 2019
INTRODUCTION
Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining the privacy of our customers, registered members, gift recipients and users, and has established this Privacy Notice as a result. The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to inform you of:
• the personal information we may collect from you when you visit our Website, respond to our emails, place orders via mail or fax, use our mobile applications, place orders through social media applications (such as our Facebook App) or otherwise contact us via telephone, text (SMS, MMS), email, fax or mail (collectively, our "Service"),
• why we collect it, what technologies we employ,
• how we use and protect your information, and
• the choices you have regarding our use, access and correction of personal information you have provided and how to provide feedback to us.
This Privacy Notice is part of the Terms of Use document (also found on our website) which governs your use of our website (the "Website") and the Service. The Service is operated by Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATION
The Company and the Service collects personal information to process your orders, to communicate with you, to help improve our products and customer service, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift and message recipients, of special offers and discounts.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect information through our Website, emails, mail, fax, telephone, mobile devices and applications and social media applications (such as our Facebook App when available) including when you:
• visit our Website and use our Apps
• place an order,
• participate in our forums, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, content submissions, chats, bulletin boards, discussion groups, requests for suggestions, and membership registrations, and
• engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers, members or users.
We collect some or all of the following types of information, depending on how you interact with us:
• your name, address, telephone number, email address, user ID and contact information,
• billing information (credit/debit card number, expiration date, CVV code, alternate or additional billing information and billing address),
• birth date, if you choose, or are otherwise required to enter such information,
• products purchased and occasion type (for example, Easter),
• any promotion or gift card code and related information (for example, if you are claiming frequent flyer miles),
• Message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses,
• device information - information about your mobile device, including platform information and device location
• • network information – network information, including IP address, network carrier and country code, browsing information, such as how you interact with the Services; and
• other information you provide to us, including User Submissions (defined in Term of Use.
Information you provide to us may be collected by us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. Registered Members may also add to their Address Book the name, address and telephone number of friends or other persons to whom they may wish to send gifts or expressions.
CHILDREN
The Service is a general audience Website and not directed toward children under 18 years of age nor do we knowingly collect, maintain or disclose information from children under 18. If you are under 18, please do not use the Website or submit any personally identifiable information to us.
COOKIE TECHNOLOGY
We employ cookie technology to help subscribers move faster through our site, let us know that you are a prior customer, or user, and to provide certain features to you. When you use our site, we pass several cookies to your computer. A cookie is a string of information that's sent by a Web site and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. This avoids the potentially time-consuming task of checking our registration database each time a page is requested.  Most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies. However, if you disable this feature, certain aspects of the Services, such as the shopping basket, may not function properly.
Additionally, we have relationships with third parties who may collect or receive information directly from the cookies placed by our Services on your computer to assist in analyzing our business and customers.
Our Service may also use a common web technology called "action tags" (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons) to anonymously track purchase, usage and other web activity information. Action tags may be used to provide data to third parties for tracking purposes. In addition, third parties may set their own cookies and tags through our Services (such as through interest-based advertising, described below). We do not control such third parties or their privacy practices. If you do not want third parties to be able to use such methods, you should modify your browser settings to limit such access.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Other Services
Advertisements for our products and services may appear on third party websites throughout the Internet. Some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online. For example, if you have viewed websites about purchasing meat products online, these websites or services may display to you an advertisement for our products. This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. It is generally not based upon your personal information (such as your name or email address), but rather, upon your online activities. We do not control such third-party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities.
We collect data from you for use in interest-based advertising when you use our Service. Other companies may serve interest-based advertisements on our Service. We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising as administered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (www.aboutads.info).
You may opt-out of being tracked online by certain companies who are listed at www.aboutads.info/choices/ OR www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and may also learn more about online behavioral advertising at such websites. If you opt-out, you will still receive generic advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you by such companies from whom you have opted out based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. This process relies upon an opt-out cookie, for each browser and each device, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process. We do not respond to or honor "do not track" (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.
USES AND DISCLOSER OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use information we collect to communicate with you, to process your orders, to improve our products and services, to conduct research, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience, to inform you and your gift and message recipients of offers and discounts to enable you to receive credits for purchases under loyalty or buying programs which you have joined. In addition, we may make such information (except for credit/debit card numbers, expiration dates and CVV codes, unless you consent otherwise), including aggregated information, available to selected third parties. You may opt-out of such third party sharing of your personal information by following the instructions set forth in the HOW TO LIMIT THE USE OF YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION section below.
We may also share your information with our subcontractors, agents, consultants, financial institutions, credit/debit card payment processors, business partners, vendors and service providers, but we generally only authorize them to use such information for our benefit, for instance, to process your order and to better communicate and provide appropriate offers to you as a consumer. We may transfer your information in connection with the sale, lease, license, assignment (of part or all of our business), merger, reorganization or change of control of us or the division responsible for the Service with which your information is associated, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding.
We may combine information we receive from you via our Service with information third parties. We use the combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us and to communicate with you in accordance with this Privacy Notice.
We may use your information to match it with other public and private data sources in order to enhance our records, such as appending additional information to your profile, or the records of our business partners. We also may work with other providers who also possess your information in order to engage in advertising and other promotional services, such as sharing your personal information with a third party who also has your personal information in order to enhance one or both of our advertising or promotional endeavors.
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We reserve the right to disclose information we collect from you, or that you provide to us, as required by law, in response to legal process and law enforcement requests, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, respond to a government request, and as necessary or appropriate, in our view, to operate the Service, process orders or registrations, to conduct promotions, contests, and sweepstakes you participate in, and to protect the rights or property of the Company, users, customers, recipients, Registered Members, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants and Associates (as these terms are defined in Terms of Use).
We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Please note that any personal information you reveal or post on one our public forums (as defined in our Terms of Use), such as a blog, message board, chat room, discussion group, folder, survey, contest, sweepstakes, user review and rate forum, and all User Submissions, are not protected by this Privacy Notice and may be collected, shared and used by us and with third parties, including to contact you. Information you give out or post on our public forums you disclose at your own risk.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER
Our Service is operated in the United States. If you are located outside the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States. By using the Services or otherwise providing us with information, you hereby consent to this transfer.
Although personal information collected by us through our Service will be used by us in accordance with this Privacy Notice, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the U.S. may not be as stringent as those in other countries.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to affiliated or third-party services, you will be subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those services, not ours. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms whenever using, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other service.
We may provide you with the ability to log into our Service using a social media account, such as Facebook Connect. We do not control the activities of such social media services and have no control over the data they collect or their privacy practices. You should review their privacy practices before using any such social media service.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at info@nueske.com.
If you place an order on our website, it encrypts the credit/debit card number you submit prior to transmission over the Internet using secure socket layer (SSL) encryption technology. This technology works best when the website is viewed using Microsoft IE®, Google Chrome®, Mozilla Firefox®, and Apple Safari® browsers. However, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Although we make reasonable efforts to safeguard personal information once we receive it, we cannot warrant the security of information we receive.
Portions of the Service (such as our Account registration and Address Book) may require registration and log-in processes in which you will select a user ID and password (collectively, the "Password"). Passwords provided to you by us are the confidential property of the Company and may be used by you solely for your individual use of the Service (and otherwise as specified by us). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of any Password and for all activities that occur using your Password, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Password or accounts.
HOW TO LIMIT THE USE OF YOUR CONTACT INFORMATION
We want to communicate with you only to the extent you want to hear from us.
Any promotional email we send to you or your gift or message recipients will include an “unsubscribe” link to use or a link to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from the sender.
If you wish to set your preferences concerning promotional communications, or you prefer not to have your contact information shared with third parties, please let us know by emailing, writing or calling us as described below and identify your preferences regarding promotional communications and the sharing of your contact information. Your instructions will be processed as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with law.
Emailing us at:.com from the email address which you wish to have removed (i.e. not shared with third parties), and include your postal mailing address in the message; or
Writing to us at:
Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats
Attn:  Customer Service
203 N. Genesee Street
Wittenberg, WI  54499-9989
Telephone us at 1-800-720-1153
(Please, include or tell us your mailing address, and if you have a catalog, brochure or other mailing label from us, please include it with your request or have it ready when you call).
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California law permits customers, who are residents of California, to request information about your personal information, if any, that Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats discloses to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at:
Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats
Attn: Customer Service
203 N. Genesee Street
Wittenberg, WI  54499 – 9989
CHANGES AND UPDATES
If you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to info@nueske.com. Upon your written request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Registered Users can access, modify and update their contact information (including name, mailing address, telephone number and email address) by accessing the password protected "My Account" page.
Subject to the above provisions, by using our Website and the Service, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use, of which this Notice is a part.  We may revise this Privacy Notice and Terms of Use from time to time as new features or services are added, suggestions from our customers are incorporated or other changes are made. We will post any changes on this page and update the date at the top, so be sure to check back periodically to stay aware of any modifications. Additionally, we will endeavor to post any material changes on our website at least 30 days prior to their effective date - unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect the Company or our customers, users, , recipients, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, Merchants, Associates and Affiliates, in which case the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified.
The date on which the current Privacy Notice and overall Terms of Use took effect is listed at the top of the Privacy Notice and Terms of Use (see "Last Updated" at the top of each).
By using the Website and the Service, after such changes take effect, you agree to be legally bound and to abide by the revised Privacy Notice and Terms of Use, of which this Notice is a part.
FEEDBACK
Nueske’s Applewood Smoked Meats welcomes your comments and feedback concerning this Privacy Notice. Please send your comments and questions to: info@nueske.com.
Customer Service
My Account
Contact Us
Business Gifts
FAQ
Catalog Request
Gift Certificates
Guarantee of Satisfaction
Close