https://www.lightology.com/index.php?module=help#tabs-2
Showroom
Sales Consultants
Help Center
Log In
Trade Site
Order Tracking
0
Your Cart
Order Subtotal
0.00
View Shopping Cart
0
Close Menu
Back
Lighting
Chandeliers & Pendants
View All
Chandeliers
Pendants
Mini Pendants
Freejack Pendants
Freejack Canopies
Multi-Light Pendants
Plug-In Pendants
Linear Suspensions
Ceiling
View All
Ceiling Flush Mount
Ceiling Adjustable Spots - Freejack
Ceiling Semi Flush
Light Channel
Strip Lighting
Monorail Lighting
Track
Kable Lighting
Ceiling Recessed
LED Soft Line
Wall
View All
Wall Sconces
Wall Reading Swing Arm
Picture Lights
Cabinet / Under Counter Lighting
Plug-In Wall Sconces
Wall Monorail
Wall-Step Recessed Lighting
Display Lights
Wall Wash & Wall Grazer
Lighted Mirrors
Bath
View All
Bath Bar & Vanity Wall
Vanity Wall Recessed Lighting
Mirror With Light
Mirror
Strip Lighting
Ceiling Shower Recessed
Ceiling Shower Flush
Shower Recessed Floor / Wall
Exhaust Fans / Heat Lamps
Floor & Table
View All
Desk Lamps
Desk Clamp-On
Table Lamps Shade & Ambient
Floor Ambient & Shade Lighting
Floor Reading / Task Lamps
Floor Recessed
Up Light Floor Spots
LED Novelty Accent Lamps
Recessed
View All
Ceiling Down Lighting
Wall Wash
Wall Grazer
Retrofit Kits
Architectural Recessed Lighting
Recessed Track
Track & Rail
View All
Monorail 1-Circuit
Monorail 2-Circuit
Wall Monorail
Bendable T-Trak
Track System 120V
Track 2-Circuit 120V
Mini Track 12V
Outdoor Track
Kable Lighting
Recessed Track
Outdoor
View All
Landscape Lighting
Deck Lighting
Path Lighting / Bollard Lighting
Post Lights
Pier Mount Lights
Recessed Ground / Well Lighting
Outdoor Ceiling Lighting
Outdoor Decorative Portable Lamps
Outdoor Pendants
Outdoor Track Lighting
Outdoor Wall Lighting
Outdoor Wall Recessed Lighting
Underwater
Outdoor Lighting Accessories
12 Volt Transformers
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Bulbs
View All
LED
Halogen
Krypton/Xenon
Incandescent
Fluorescent
Compact Fluorescent
HID
Accessories
View All
Canopies
Display Lighting
Dimmers
Light Controls
Transformers / Power Supplies
Lighting Accessories
Night Lights
Cabinet / Under Counter Lighting
Fans
Fans
View All
Ceiling Fans
Hugger Fans
Wall Mount Fans
Portable Fans
Exhaust Fans
Outdoor Fans
Fan Controls
Fan Accessories
Furniture
Furniture
View All
Seating
Tables
Home Décor
Decorative Mirrors
Storage
Room
Room
All Rooms
Bathroom
Bedroom
Commercial Interior
Den/Study
Dining Room
Entry/Foyer
Hallway
Hotel
Kitchen
Library
Living Room
Office Lighting
Outdoor
Restaurant
Stairway
Brands
Brands
All
#ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWYZ
View All Brands
Featured Brands
Artemide
Arteriors Home
Bocci
Bover
Cerno
Electric Mirror
Flos Lighting
Foscarini
George Kovacs
George Nelson
Hinkley Lighting
Hubbardton Forge
Hudson Valley
Lasvit
Lightology Collection
Lodes
Louis Poulsen
Marset
Minka Aire
Modern Forms
Moooi
Muuto
Pablo
PureEdge Lighting
Robert Abbey
Sonneman A Way Of Light
Tech Lighting
Tom Dixon
Vibia
WAC Lighting
See All Brands
Inspiration
Inspiration
lightology inspiration
Sale
Sales & Specials
On Sale Now
Overstock
Log In
Wishlist
0
Trade Site
Sales Consultants
Contact Us
866-954-4489
Lightology Showroom
Showroom
Customer Service
Track Orders
Orders & Returns
Home Customer Service
Customer Service
Returns & Exchanges
Pricing & Shipping
Privacy & Security
Contact Us
Returns & Exchanges
We understand that sometimes, items you purchase are simply not right for your environment.
They do not match your décor, or you simply do not like them. If you are unsatisfied with a product
for any reason, you may return the item to Lightology within 60 days of
delivery, or exchange it for something else (restocking fees may apply).
We want to ensure you get
the right product for your space and our unparalleled selection of contemporary lighting products
from around the world helps make this happen.
Log-in to your account to initiate a return.
Products Not Eligible for Return/Exchange
Sorry, we cannot accept returns on:
Custom and built-to-order items
Floor models, Open Box, and Clearance Items
Large orders (single fixtures over $5,000, orders totaling over $5,000 on multiple quantities of the same fixture)
Any product that has been modified, installed, or used in any way (including cut, clipped or stripped wires)
Items not in resalable condition or items missing the original packaging
Items not purchased from Lightology
Items not purchased by the original customer (we require the original purchase receipt)
Products eligible for return/exchange include items in original, new, uninstalled condition with
all original parts, and packaging. You may return any item that qualifies under these conditions
within 60 days of delivery. If Return labels are provided, return shipping
will be deducted from your refund. Please note that we do not accept in-person returns at our Chicago
showroom or warehouse.
Log-in to your account to initiate a return.
Restocking Fees
Restocking fees can vary depending on the brand and the product. Some manufacturers charge restocking fees on returned or exchanged products. However, Lightology has worked with all our partner brands to offer you the best possible return/exchange terms. Return/Exchange terms are noted on each product page.
Cancellations
You can cancel an order within a 72 hour window of order placement, unless it is a custom item or special order restocking fees may apply. If your order has already shipped (even if under 72 hr window), it cannot be canceled, and will be treated as a return. Cancellation fees may apply for orders being consolidated at our warehouse. Any cancellation fees imposed by the manufacturer will be your responsibility and will be deducted from any refund. To request an order cancellation, please contact our team using our Customer Service Contact Form. Please be sure to include your name, address, Lightology order number, items to be cancelled, and the reason for your cancellation. You will receive an email detailing your cancellation request, followed by another email detailing if the cancellation request was successful. Please allow up to 72 hours to receive your cancellation confirmation.
Please be aware that if your order is already in route from its original location, it cannot be rerouted, redirected, or cancelled. Should you wish to return the item, please log-in to your account to initiate a return.
Note: Do not refuse delivery of non-damaged goods as this will result in a restocking fee. Additionally, delivery refusal may also result in the loss of your product and may negate the possibility of a refund. You may also be charged for round trip shipping costs.
Defective Product
We understand that sometimes products have a manufacturer’s defect. All items are offered with a one year Lightology warranty. Any qualifying defective item purchased from Lightology that is returned within one year of purchase will be repaired or replaced at the company's discretion. Repairs for items that are still under warranty will be covered at no charge. If you would like report a defective item please contact us immediately, by logging into your account and filling out a Claims Form. Once your claim request has been received a Claims Specialist will reach out to you within 2 business days.
Shipments Claims
We understand that items can be damaged during the shipping process. We also understand that from time-to-time, something may arrive missing parts or components. Our damaged goods/missing parts policy and process is designed to deliver to you a resolution in the timeliest manner possible, at no expense to you. All damages must be reported within 72 hours. of delivery. Lightology cannot be held responsible for any missing, or damaged goods if we are not notified within this time period. If you suspect that your Lightology order was damaged during shipment, please contact us immediately, by logging into your account and filling out a Claims Form. Please provide photos of the damaged product and packaging. Once your claim request has been received a Claims Specialist will reach out to you within 48 hrs.
Pickup Orders
Orders placed for pickup are considered shipped upon notification that the order is ready for pickup. Orders not picked up within 30 days of notification are subject to a 2% per month storage fee and/or a 50% restocking fee. Initial and Return shipping charges are not refunded for returned items.
Price Match
Lightology wants you to be confident that you are receiving the best prices anywhere by shopping with us. If you find the same exact product advertised for less by one of our competitors within 30 days of your purchase, we will gladly match that price including shipping and handling.
Please note that our Price Match Guarantee applies only to the identical product from the same manufacturer. The competitor must be a US authorized dealer of the product and it must be a stock item, available for shipment and not on extended back order. A website link or written quote from the competing vendor for the same product(s) shipped to the same address must be sent to Lightology. Sales tax, shipping and handling will be factored in to determine final price. Price Match Guarantee does not apply to clearance items. Additional discounts may not be applied when Price Match is used. Certain bulbs, dimmers and architectural lighting products do not qualify for our price match discount
Please contact us for price match requests.
Pricing or Product Description Discrepancies
We make every effort to assure the accuracy of the pricing and product information on our website. From time to time, pricing or product information may be inaccurate. In such cases, we reserve the right to cancel your order. A complete refund will be made for any items that have not yet been shipped. In the event of inaccurate product information, our sole responsibility will be to accept the product return and provide a customer refund.
Shipping Charges
Lightology offers free ground shipping on most retail web lighting orders over $50, shipped within the continental U.S. Shipping to Alaska, Hawaii and international destinations are available for an additional fee, and subject to change. Please contact us for a quote. Expedited Delivery is also available for an additional charge.
Please note that processing times posted on our website are in addition to shipping times.
You can track your order here.
Quoting Policy
Quotes are valid for 30 days. Expired quotes must be re-priced with the vendor to account for potential price and lead-time changes.
Sales Tax
Lightology collects sales tax in the following states: Arizona, California, Colorado, Connecticut, District Of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Massachusetts, Maine, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, North Carolina, Nebraska, Nevada, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, Utah, Washington, Wisconsin. Sales tax collection can be waived if a current and proper sales tax exemption certificate is provided. Please contact your Lightology sales rep or email tax @ lightology.com to set this up.
Sales Tax on Trade Orders
Lightology charges sales tax on orders shipping to the states above. Sales tax can be waived with a valid resale certificate in the Ship To state. Please contact your Lightology sales rep or email tax @ lightology.com to set this up.
Trade Pricing
We do offer trade privileges for trade professionals who are members of the design industry such as lighting designers, architects, interior designers, hospitality and real estate groups, electricians, developers, contractors and distributors. To apply for trade privileges, fill out this online form.
Privacy Policy
Lightology values its customers and respects their privacy. When placing an order, we need to know your name, email address, credit card billing address, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, and credit card expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order, and to notify you of order status.
We may contact you periodically via direct mail or email with special discounts and new product announcements. If at any time you choose not to receive this information, simply call us at 1-866-554-4487, email us at marketing@lightology.com, or click on the opt out link at the bottom of each email. We will never sell or rent the information you provide to us to any third parties-ever.
We use the latest Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to ensure the safety of all e-commerce transactions on our website. As your personal purchasing information travels across the internet to us, the software encrypts and scrambles your name, address, credit card and other private information, making it impossible for a third party to see or intercept your information. Lightology.com is a secure e-commerce site.
Credit card transactions are handled by a respected third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.
We may set and access cookies on your computer to improve your shopping experience. You can configure your web browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set.
If we decide to make any changes to this Lightology Privacy and Security Policy, you will be notified via email, and we will post changes to this web page.
Credit Card Security
We use the powerful 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption to protect the security of your credit card information as it is transmitted to us. It is the strongest encryption available, regardless of browser version encryption technology. SSL is the gold standard in Internet encryption technology, which is a fancy way of saying that it is a highly sophisticated method of scrambling data as it travels from your computer to our website's servers.
Back to top
Back to top
Get a free catalog
Help
Returns/Exchanges
Pricing/Shipping
Privacy/Security
Tools
Resources
Contact Us
Company
About Us
Showroom
Meet Our Experts
Careers
Inspiration
Articles
Gallery
Brands
Designers
Get started
Get a Quote
Contact an Expert
Virtual Room Designer
Stay tuned with deals & trends
Sign up to receive access to exclusive sales & promotions!
Enter your Email*
© 2020 Lightology - 215 W. Chicago Avenue, Chicago, IL 60654
Facebook
Opens in a new window
Twitter
Opens in a new window
Pinterest
Opens in a new window
Houzz
Opens in a new window
You Tube
Opens in a new window
Instagram
Opens in a new window