https://www.recreonics.com/privacy-policy
Home // Online Privacy Policy
Online Privacy Policy
Throughout this Online Privacy Policy, “we”, “us”, or “our” refers to Recreonics, and Site refers to this website.
We are dedicated to protecting your privacy while you are using or accessing this Site. This Online Privacy Policy applies solely to the Site. Once you enter another web site, via a link provided on the Site or by other methods, we are no longer responsible for the privacy practices of the linked site. You should review the privacy statements of those web sites as posted on the individual web sites. We reserve the right to collect use statistics from the Site. Use statistics may be used to track information such as visitor interests, to enhance and improve the Site in the future. Use statistics do not include personally identifiable information. Generally, no personally identifiable information is tracked or collected on the generally accessible portions of the Site, unless you voluntarily provide such information to us via web forms or surveys on the Site. However, if you access certain portions of the Site by using a particular account authorized by us and/or a user name and password, certain information including your user name and password may be collected and identified with the information we have on file for that user name. The information and materials you access and actions you take while logged on with that user name, may be tracked by us.
How We Use Cookies and Personal Information
Any personal information you provide us, whether to place an order or to request special assistance, is kept confidential. We respect the privacy of all our customers and never sell or rent any customer or list information, nor provide such information to third parties.
We do not sell or otherwise distribute names or other personally identifiable information to third parties for direct marketing, sales or any other purposes. Except as noted herein, any personally identifiable information received by us is used solely for internal purposes and is not shared with any nonaffiliated organizations unless required to do so by law, upon governmental request or in response to a court order.
The Site is not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect any personally identifiable information, whether or not such information is voluntarily provided, from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian accesses the Site on behalf of a person under the age of 13, that parent or guardian is responsible for protecting that child’s personally identifiable information.
For questions, comments or assistance, please contact us.