https://www.idar.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyManager2020-11-24T17:23:18-08:00
Terms of Use, Privacy & Policy
Publisher:
Welcome to the Idar Bergseth Designs Inc. internet Website (« Web Site ») designed and published by Idar Bergseth Designs Inc. (“IDAR JEWELLERS”).
Contact: info@idar.com
Tel. 250-383-3414
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Use of this Web Site is subject to the following terms and conditions (“Terms”). IDAR JEWELLERS may revise these Terms from time to time by updating this posting, with the revised Terms taking effect for all Users as of the date stated on the posting. Consequently, Users should consult the Terms regularly.
Please read these Terms carefully before using the Web Site. Users expressly acknowledge that they have been advised of these Terms upon entering the Web Site and have had access to the same. Consequently, by using the Web Site, Users signify their assent and agreement to these Terms. If User does not agree to these Terms, then he/she is not authorised to continue use of the Web Site.
Use of Materials on this Web Site
IDAR JEWELLERS has created this Web Site to provide information about its company and products for Users’ personal use. Users may download one computer copy or print one copy of the material on this Web Site for their own non-commercial, educational, private or domestic use only, provided that proprietary notices such as copyright©, trademark(TM) are neither modified, nor deleted or nor changed. Users should assume that everything they see or read on the Web Site (such as images, photographs, illustrations, icons, texts, video clips, written and other materials) is copyrighted and protected under treaty provisions and national copyright laws worldwide, unless otherwise noted.
Users are not authorised to sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publicly perform, report or otherwise prepare derivative or second hand works based on or use any IDAR JEWELLERS Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. Furthermore, IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material may not be displayed or communicated on any other web site, in a networked computer environment or other digital support for any purpose whatsoever. In the event of breach of any of these Terms, Users’ permission to use IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material will automatically terminate and any copies made of IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material must be immediately destroyed. Any unauthorised use of IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material may infringe copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
Users’ Submissions
Any unsolicited communication or material Users transmit to IDAR JEWELLERS via the Web Site or by electronic mail or otherwise, excluding personally identifiable data about themselves, including, but not limited to, any data, questions or answers, comments, suggestions, or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary by IDAR JEWELLERS. By sending communications to IDAR JEWELLERS, Users automatically grant IDAR JEWELLERS a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable non-exclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display such communication(s) alone,
or as a part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known of hereafter developed and to sublicense such rights to anyone.
Anything Users transmit may be used by IDAR JEWELLERS and its affiliated companies for any purpose, including but not limited to reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting, or developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information.
Disclaimer
The information on the Web Site is intended for general information purposes only. IDAR JEWELLERS tries to ensure that the information provided is accurate and complete. However, IDAR JEWELLERS does not warrant or represent that IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material is accurate, error-free or reliable or that use of IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material will not infringe rights of third parties. Use of the Web Site is at Users’ risk. IDAR JEWELLERS does not warrant that the functional aspects of the Web Site or IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material will be error free or that this Web Site, IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful components. If use of this Web Site, or IDAR JEWELLERS’s Material results in the need for servicing or replacing property, material, equipment or data, IDAR JEWELLERS is not responsible for those costs.
Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Web Site is provided to Users “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IDAR JEWELLERS and its suppliers make no warranties about the IDAR JEWELLERS Material, software text, downloads, graphics, and links, or about results to be obtained from using the Web Site. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, consequently some of the above exclusions may not apply.
Trademark Notice
In general, all trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively the “Trademarks”) which appear on this Web Site are registered and unregistered IDAR JEWELLERS trademarks or are licensed for use by IDAR JEWELLERS by third parties. Other trademarks are proprietary marks and are registered to their respective owners.
Nothing contained on the Web Site should be construed as granting, by implication or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this Web Site without the written permission of IDAR JEWELLERS or such third party who owns the trademark. Misuse of any trademark displayed on the Web Site, or any other content on the Web Site, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
Links
Links to other web sites operated by parties other than IDAR JEWELLERS may be indicated. The inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by IDAR JEWELLERS of those sites.
IDAR JEWELLERS has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Web Site and is not responsible for the content or accuracy of any off-site pages or any other sites linked to this Web Site. Linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at Users’ own risk.
Termination
Users agree that IDAR JEWELLERS may terminate Users’ access to and use of the Web Site if IDAR JEWELLERS reasonably believes that Users have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement, or violated the rights of IDAR JEWELLERS or any third party, or for any reason with or without notice to User. Users agree that IDAR JEWELLERS may modify or discontinue this Web Site, with or without notice to them.
Users agree that IDAR JEWELLERS will not be liable to them or any third party as a result of such modification or discontinuation. The provisions entitled “Disclaimer,” “Limitation of Liability,” and “General Provisions” will survive termination of these Terms.
Limitation of Liability
Under no circumstances whatsoever shall IDAR JEWELLERS be liable for any loss arising out of or in connection with the use of information available from this Web Site whether direct or indirect including, without limitation, any liability relating to any loss of use, interruption of business, lost profits or lost data, or incidental, special or consequential damages of any kind regardless of the form of action, whether in
contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, even if IDAR JEWELLERS has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Because some states and countries do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, the above limitation may not be operable.
PRIVACY POLICY
IDAR JEWELLERS is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers and visitors to its Web Site (together “Customers”). IDAR JEWELLERS analyses aggregate and non-personally identifiable data relating to usage of the Web Site. In accordance with data protection best practices, any personal information collected is done so with the knowledge and authorisation of Customers upon request or submission via the Web Site.
Information provided at the time of submission will be used to provide the requested information and may be used both for marketing research relating to IDAR JEWELLERS and to provide information relating to IDAR JEWELLERS’s products and events. Personal information will not be used for any unsolicited communication to Customers unless so authorized by them. IDAR JEWELLERS will use its best endeavours to ensure Customers’ data is kept secure at all times.
IDAR JEWELLERS will not sell, rent or otherwise make available any personal data submitted by Customers to any third parties, without the relevant Customer’s consent, unless required to do so by law.
Upon request, IDAR JEWELLERS will remove Customers’ personal information from its database. Customers are also advised that upon written request they may access and/or request that any erroneous information about them be corrected.
Any request concerning personal data should either be e-mailed to info@idar.com or sent to:
Idar Bergseth Designs Inc.
950 Fort Street
Victoria, BC
V8V 3K2, Canada
Cookies
Our website uses cookies, like almost all websites. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites, to help provide you with the best experience we can.
Our cookies help us:
Improve the speed of the site
Continuously improve our website for you
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook, etc.
Offer you free services/content (by advertising)
Make our marketing more efficient (helping us keep the site free to use)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting Us Permission To Use Cookies
If your browser is adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to deactivate cookies, you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that your browser will not work as you would expect on most web pages.
Social Website Cookies
Cookies are used by social websites (like Facebook and Twitter) so you can easily Like or share our content with the sharing buttons on our site.
The privacy implications on this will vary from the different social websites and are dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn’t working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc.
This helps us to continuously improve our website. These analytics programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
We use:
Google Analytics – Privacy Policy owned by Google
Advertising Cookies
Cookies are widely used in online advertising. Neither us, advertisers or our advertising partners can gain personally identifiable information from these cookies.
You can learn more about online advertising, or opt-out of almost all advertising cookies at https://www.youronlinechoices.com.
Note: Opting out of advertising cookies will not disable ads, they will just no longer be tailored to you.
Our website contains advertisements that may be displayed to you as you browse our website. These advertisements are managed by companies and organizations that specialize in creating and providing advertisements for multiple websites. By way of standard website technology, these companies and organizations place cookies to collect anonymous data about the websites you visit in order to personalize advertising content to you, to ensure that you don’t see the same advertising content too frequently and to be able to report to their advertisers on advertisements that are working.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies. Your browser help function will tell you how. Doing so, however, will limit the functionality of most of the world’s websites as cookies are a standard part of websites.
Contacting the Website
Questions about this privacy statement? Please email:
info@idar.com
At idar, our top priority is the health and well-being of our clients, staff and the community.
We have been closely monitoring the latest developments with the novel coronavirus (COVID-19). In light of the most recent information available, we have taken precautionary measures for shopping in store. Please call 250-383-3414 if you need assistance. You can also order online and by phone.
By using our website you agree to our cookie policy.
Go to Top