https://www.lunarland.com/terms/
SECURE CHECKOUT SYSTEM
Toggle navigation
Navigation Menu
Home
About Us
Moon Land
Gift Packages
Moon Land
Planet Mars
Planet Mercury
Planet Venus
Jupiter IO Moon
Name a Star
Star Lover
Meteorite
Upgrades
International Packages
Shop
Support
FAQ
General FAQs
Space Law FAQs
Ordering FAQs
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Site Security
Contact Us
Shop
Home » Terms and conditions
TERMS OF USE
LunarLand.com may, in its sole discretion and at any time, modify or discontinue this web site or specific portions of it. Your use of this web site constitutes your agreement with LUNARLAND.COM to be bound by, and to act in accordance with, these Terms of Use.
Return Conditions
The items must be returned in NEW condition, in the original packaging with all documents and picture frames. All items must be returned within 30 days of purchase; RESTOCKING FEES will apply. We reserve the right to refuse to issue a credit for any item that has been damaged.
Restocking Fees
We reserve the right to charge a restocking fee of up to $24.99 per item and additional fees may apply.
Cancelled Orders
Orders can only be cancelled if it has not been shipped and we are able to modify the order. All orders are processed in real-time and we reserve the right to charge a restocking fee of up to $24.99 per item and additional fees may apply.
Auto Printed Name on Deed
Deed names CANNOT be changed as this is an automatic process. Please follow the directions carefully when entering deed information.
Incomplete Orders
If you receive an incomplete order, contact our Claims Department within 7 days of your package arrival. We reserve the right to refuse to issue a credit for any item that is past the designated claim notification time.
Damaged Orders
If you receive an damaged order, contact our Claims Department within 7 days of your package arrival. We reserve the right to refuse to issue a credit for any item that is past the designated claim notification time.
Processing Orders
All orders are processed in real-time of purchase and generally ship the same day. On weekends and holidays our offices are closed, packages will be shipped within 72 hours.
Shipping Provider
Shipping methods selected will not be a guaranteed service of delivery within a specified time from USPS. United States: Express 1-2 business days and Priority 2-3 business days. Canada: Express 2-5 business days and Priority 5-10 business days.
Sold as a Novel Item
These gift packages sold on LunarLand.com are marked with the statement that the package contents are “This is a novel gift”. The definition of novelty: “Something new and unusual; an innovation”
Documment Design
LUNARLAND.COM may change the document design of the artwork and size of the deeds at any time without notice and the actual Goods you receive may differ from the image displayed on the website or in stores.
Continued Use
We may change or revise these Terms of Use from time to time by updating this posting, so please visit this area each time you visit the web site to keep up to date with the current terms regarding your use of the web site. Your use of the web site reaffirms your continuing agreement to the then-current Terms of Use.
Use of Website Information
LUNARLAND.COM owns the copyright for all of the material on the web site or has a valid right from a third party to use material on the web site. LUNARLAND.COM also owns or has a valid right to use all trademarks, service marks, and trade names used on this web site.
Downloaded Data
If you download information from this website, the software and all files, images and data relating to the software will be licensed to you by LUNARLAND.COM. You do not own the downloaded software, and LUNARLAND.COM does not confer ownership rights of such information to you LUNARLAND.COM maintains full ownership of and title to any downloaded information and all intellectual property rights related to said information.
Information Provided to LUNARLAND.com
All comments, suggestions and other information or materials you submit to LUNARLAND.COM through this web site will become and remain the exclusive property of LUNARLAND.COM ,including rights associated with such submissions that may be invoked in the future, even if these Terms of Use are later modified or terminated.
Jurisdiction
The operation of this site is intended to promote celestial land sold by LUNARLAND.COM in the United States. All visitors to this web site are responsible for compliance with all local laws applicable to them with respect to the content and operation of this web site.
Links
This web site may provide links to other web sites on the World Wide Web that are not operated by LUNARLAND.COM. These links are not an endorsement, approval or demonstration of sponsorship of any information available at the linked site or any products for sale.
Warranty Disclaimer
LUNARLAND.COM expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to all implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement. Under no circumstances shall LUNARLAND.COM be liable for any damages or injury, including any direct, special, incidental, consequential, punitive or other damages that may result from the use of, or the inability to use, the web site or any materials in this site.
Applicable Law
These Terms of Use and any disputes arising under or related to these Terms of Use will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida, without reference to its conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions, suits or proceedings arising out of these Terms of Use will be brought exclusively in the state courts of Florida or the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida.
Privacy Policy
Click here to view our privacy policy.
About Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Join our mailing list:
Join
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
© 2020 LunarLand.com. All Rights Reserved.