https://www.wasparchery.com/privacy-policy/
Close
Broadheads
Fixed-Blade Broadheads
Mechanical Broadheads
Crossbow Broadheads
Pick 3 Pack
Fish Point Broadheads
Practice Points
Replacement Blades and Parts
Apparel
Accessories
Why Wasp
Community
Kill Stories
Video
Blog
Pro Staff
FAQ
Customer Support
Items:
0
Home|Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WASP Archery is considerate of the privacy of our visitors and the individual sensitivities of personal information, and we take every caution to protect any information you trust us with. We believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities as a manufacturer and marketer. Because privacy and consumer trust are important to us, we provide this privacy statement for you to explain our policies in detail.
Information Sharing
You can visit our website(s) without sharing any personal information. Any area where a sign-in is needed and personal data is transferred is done so in a secure manner using the latest security measures.
Use of Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers
A “cookie” is a small text file or text identifier placed on your computer to assist us in providing customized services. An “anonymous identifier” is a random string of characters that is used for the exact same reasons as cookies. We use cookies and anonymous identifiers to provide you with a better experience and to become more familiar with our customers through the study of analytics. Some portions of our sites require the use of cookies for proper function. Anonymous Identifiers are used where cookie technology is not available.
Google Analytics & Advertising Features
We have enabled Google Analytics to collect data about our traffic through the use of Google Advertising cookies and other anonymous identifiers. This data helps our company better understand our customers and provide website visitors with a more tailored experience. Visitors can opt-out of these features by editing your browser ad settings accordingly. Furthermore, feel free to learn more about Google’s opt-out browser add-on here.
Information Use
Any information shared with WASP Archery is confidential and protected. We do not share or sell any personal information to any company or organization.
Security
WASP Archery adheres to the latest security guidelines and follows every step necessary to protect all data.
Great Deals and Tips Aimed at Your Inbox
We believe in making every email hit the mark. No junk. Just great deals on broadheads and tips about bowhunting.
Sign up today and get a special offer for your next purchase!
Name*Email*
Subscribe
Newsletter Sign Up
Never miss a deal and never miss your target. Sign up today and save on your next purchase!
Name*Email*
Subscribe
Create a new list