http://www.tune-town.com/privacy_statement.htm
We
carry a large selection of faceplates, wire harnesses, antenna adapters,
wiring diagrams / technical help and PAC aftermarket car audio
installation accessories!
Home
View Cart
Contact Us
Support
Car Stereo Installation
What fits my car?
Alarm Systems
Antenna Adapters
Autostarters
Bose Radios
Box's Subwoofers
Capacitors
Car Audio Install
Car Stereo Install
Car Audio Forum
Converters
Doorlocks
Downloads
Dealers only
Empty Boxes
Faceplates
Fans ( 12 volt )
Fuse Blocks
Fuse Holders
Ground Blocks
Installation kit
Noise Filters
PAC Accessories
Power Accessories
Power Blocks
Pwr Window kit
Remote Start
Speaker Grills
Steering Controls
Terminals
Wiring Diagrams
Wiring Harnesses
Radio Harnesses
Car Audio Help
Car Stereo Help
Technical Help
Tune Talk
Safe Shopping
Privacy Policy
Shipping
Tracking Order
Return Policy
Dealers Only
Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement for Tune-Town.Com
Tune Town has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: Tune-Town.Com
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
This site contains links to other sites. Tune-Town. Com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Public Forums
This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can visit the following URL: http://www.paypal.com
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact
Tune Town
2018 E. Perkins Ave.
Sandusky, Ohio 44870
1-800-737-0775 toll free
Tune-Town Car Audio
2345 E Perkins Ave
Sandusky, Ohio 44870
419-627-0065
Installation
Service
Sales
Support
Tune-Town
is a registered Trademark All Rights Reserved. Tune-Town cannot be
responsible for errors published online. Some information published
has been provided by manufacture's and or corporations. Tune-Town
tries to maintain accuracy. Tune-Town recognizes all manufacture's
trademarks and or trade names herein and disclaims any proprietary
interest in their use.
Copyright Tune-Town© Car Audio 1998-2015