http://www.adasa.com/pages/privacy-policy
Sign in
close
We've sent you an email with a link to update your password.
A password reset email has been sent to the email address on file for your account, but may take several minutes to show up in your inbox. Please wait at least 10 minutes before attempting another reset.
Email address *
Password *
Lost your password?
No account yet?
Registering for this site allows you to access your order status and history. Just fill in the fields below, and we'll get a new account set up for you in no time. We will only ask you for information necessary to make the purchase process faster and easier.
Create an Account
Login
New
Fall collectionSpring collectionSummer collectionWinter collection
Evening
Popular dresses
Prom dresses Formal gowns Homecoming dresses Mother of the bride dresses Mermaid dresses Cocktail dresses Bridesmaid dresses Plus size dresses Dresses under $100 Casual dresses long dresses Party dresses View all collections
Shop by event
Prom dresses
2020 ball gowns Short prom dresses Long prom dresses Wedding dresses Pageant dresses Sweet 16 dresses Formal dance dresses Graduation dresses Holiday dresses Quinceanera dresses Military ball dresses View all collections
Shop by length
High low dresses Long dresses Short dresses Knee length dresses View all collections
Shop by style
Classic prom dresses Mermaid dresses A-line dresses Sexy and sleek dresses two piece dresses V-neck dresses Evening dresses Open back dresses Corset dresses Halter dresses Fit & flare dresses One shoulder dresses view all collections
Shop by color
black dresses Blue dresses Green dresses Nude dresses Pink dresses Red dresses Gold dresses White dresses Chocolate dresses Yellow dresses ivory dresses Silver gray dresses View all collections
Shop by detail
Floral dresses Ombre dresses Sequin dresses Pastel dresses Embroidery dresses Neon dresses Lace dresses Metallic dresses Polka dot dresses Print dresses View all collections
Cocktail
Prom
Prom 2020Short prom dressesLong prom dressesClassic prom dressesAffordable prom dressesPlus size prom dresses
Wedding
BridesmaidMother of the brideWedding dressesWedding guest
Plus size
Formal
Formal gowns Formal danceFormal pantsuits
Quinceanera
Sale
All dresses on saleFormal gowns on saleCocktail dresses on saleMother of the bride on saleBridesmaid dresses on saleProm dresses on salePlus size dresses on saleHomecoming dresses on saleLong dresses on saleShort dresses on saleParty dresses on sale
Designers
A-f
Adrianna papell Alyce paris Angela & alison Blush by alexia designs Cinderella divine Clarisse Colors dress Dancing queen Elizabeth k Faviana Feriani couture View all designers
G-l
Gatti nolli couture Gia franco Ieena duggal Intrigue Janique Jasz couture Johnathan kayne jovani La femme Lara dresses View all designers
M-r
Mac duggal Marsoni by colors May queenMnm couture Mgny by Mori lee Mon cheri Mori lee Morrell maxie Nina canacci Nox anabel Panoply Portia and scarlettPrimavera coutureRachel allan View all designers
S-z
Scala Sherri hillSoulmates
tadashi shoji Tarik ediz Terani couture Theia Tiffany designs vizcaya by mori lee View all designers
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
No products in the cart.
CALL NOW: (844) 908-2757
Contact us
Customer Care
Contact Us
Ordering
Coupons and Promotions
Shipping Information
Returns & Exchanges
Customer Reviews
Information
Track an order
Blog
About
Affiliates
Feedback
Information We Collect
When you shop with ADASA you must submit the minimal required information necessary to complete your transaction. This information may include your name, address, telephone number, and email address.
When you use the website in any capacity, such as registering as a customer, participating in one of our promotions or sweepstakes, or purchasing products, we may ask for additional information, including your age, interests, hobbies, product preferences, and favorite designers. Giving us this information is optional and serves the purpose of us being able to provide the most desirable services and products to our customers.
To improve our website, we collect non-personal information about how users navigate through the site. We may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for various purposes, including:
to complete your purchase
to provide the services you request
to send you offerings by email
to keep you informed about the status of your orders
to identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you
to notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased
to improve our merchandise selection, customer service, and overall shopping experience
Others with Whom We Share Your Information
When a product you have purchased is fulfilled through a vendor, we will send the information necessary to box and ship your product. Personal credit card information is never released to any company outside ADASA.
Newsletter Emails: We do not share our newletter email list with anyone.
We do not re-sell personal information with any company or person.
We do not share personal information unless necessary to fulfill your order (ie. shipping information).
Secure Ordering
Your online credit card transactions are secure with ADASA. We use Secure Socket Layers (SSL), the industry-standard encryption technology that ensures safe Internet transmission of your personal information. When the letters "http" in the URL change to "https," the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL; also, your browser may give you a pop-up message that you are about to enter a secure area.
Making a credit card purchase is just as safe on our website as it is by telephone, but if you prefer the latter, you may purchase online merchandise by calling toll-free 1-866-399-2263. Our Customer Care Department will gladly assist you.
Privacy Policy
To achieve our goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we may use information from our interactions with you and other parties interacting with ADASA. Because we respect your privacy, we have procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner.
As we continue to develop our website and take advantage of advances in technology, our privacy policy may change. Please refer to this page frequently for the most updated information.
This Privacy Policy has been in effect since 6/14/2005.
Your Choices Regarding Use of the Information We Collect
Email and mail is an 'opt-in' offering of ADASA. If you have previously opted into a feature that you no longer wish receive, you can change your preferences in the My Account section of ADASA. Alternatively, you can contact customer care and they will be happy to assist you with 'opting-out'.
Please note that some promotions and mailings may be completed in advance of your request to stop sharing information, so you may continue to receive some offers for a short time afterward. We appreciate your patience in giving us time to carry out your request.
Cookies and How We Use Them
A "cookie" is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. It allows us to recognize your computer (but not specifically who is using it) upon entering our site by associating the identification numbers in the cookie with other customer information you have provided us. That customer information is stored on our secured server and database.
We use cookies to identify the pages you click on during your visit to our site and the name of the Web site you visited immediately before clicking to ADASA. We use this information to improve our site design, product assortments, customer service, and special promotions.
We may contract with third parties who use cookies to collect information on our behalf or who provide services such as credit card processing, shipping, promotional services or data management. These third parties are prohibited by our contract from sharing that information with anyone other than ADASA or our vendors.
Children's Privacy
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000. It imposes certain requirements on websites directed at children under 13 that collect information on those children, and on websites that knowingly collect information on children under 13.
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 on our website. Our online sweepstakes are restricted to entrants who are at least 15 years of age.
No one under the age of 15 should submit any personal information to ADASA without the consent of a parent or guardian.
Links to Other Sites
While visiting ADASA, you may follow links to websites operated by our business partners or other third-parties. A link from ADASA to a third-party site does not mean that we endorse this website. We do not make any representations or warranties about any website you may access from our website; Third party websites are independent from us, and we have no control over, or responsibility for, their information or activities. You need to make your own independent decisions regarding your interactions or communications with any other website.
If you provide personal information at a third-party website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the operator of that website and not the ADASA privacy policy. We encourage you to read that policy before submitting any personal information.
Online Account Registration
To make online shopping faster and easier, you must register with ADASA. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information and they will be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your name and a password of your choice, you may access your account online to add, delete, or change information.
If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to log out at the conclusion of your session to maintain the integrity of your account. If you log out, your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.
Emails
Each time you receive an email from ADASA, you will be given the opportunity to "opt-out" to stop receiving future emails.
If you choose to "opt-out," we will stop sending you emails. Please note, however, that some email promotions are prepared well in advance, so you may continue to receive offers after you have chosen to "opt-out." We appreciate your patience in giving us time to carry out your request.
Please also note, that if you have chosen to "opt-out", you still may receive emails from us, our affiliates, or shipping services, solely related to your online purchases with ADASA.
Any Questions?
We'll be happy to provide additional information or answer any questions. Click here for information on how to contact ADASA.
Scroll To TopScroll To Top
TAX-FREE SHOPPING
NO TAX
No Sale Tax if shippedoutside Nevada. Save 10%
CONTINUE SHOPPING
TAX-FREE SHOPPING
NO TAX
No Sales Tax if shippedoutside Nevada. Save 10%
CONTINUE SHOPPING
TAX-FREE SHOPPING
NO TAX
No Sale Tax if shippedoutside Nevada. Save 10%
CONTINUE SHOPPING