http://www.outdoorsafety.net/privacy-policy
Home
Dog										First Aid Kits
K9 Wound Kit 800
Pro Model 1000
Pro Model 2000
Pro Model 3000
Sterile Skin Staplers
HydrADE
WoundSeal
Refills										Unit Items
FAQs
Home
Dog
— K9 Wound Kit 800
— Pro Model 1000
— Pro Model 2000
— Pro Model 3000
— Sterile Skin Staplers
— HydrADE
— WoundSeal
Refills
FAQs
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you place an order. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. Also, promotional emails will be sent if you opt-in to our email program (no more than 2 emails per month).
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an orderWe offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financial information, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain informationWe use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not intentionally collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age.
Your Consent By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. Outdoor Safety, LLC
P.O. Box 103, 25880 Miller Valley Rd.Winona, MN 55987USAThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.Administrative Office507-643-6333
Main Menu
HOME
Product Refills
FAQ's
About Us
Our Kits
K9 Wound Kit 800
Pro Model 1000
Pro Model 2000
Pro Model 3000
Other Pages
Sterile Skin Staplers
Wound Closure Kits
HydrADE®
WoundSeal®
Writer Reviews / Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Contact
Outdoor Safety, LLC
P.O. Box: 103
Winona, MN 55987
Administrative Office
(507) 643-6333
Designed by Mydestiny Web