http://www.davewilson.com/privacy-statement
Skip to Content Skip to Navigation
For Commercial Orchards
For Retail Nurseries
For Home Gardens
HG Variety Finder
| Resources
| About DWN
| Contact
Home
Privacy Statement for the Dave Wilson Nursery Website
1. The website davewilson.com is intended for public use and for information purposes only, primarily regarding deciduous fruit and nut varieties and the selection and growing of deciduous trees, shrubs and vines.
2. Under no circumstances will Dave Wilson Nursery or davewilson.com divulge any information, such as an email or mailing address, about an individual user to a third party, except as required by law or in consideration of the safety of an individual or the public.
3. Regarding security, davewilson.com uses industry-standard third-party website software and website hosting.
For Home Gardens
Where To Buy DWN Trees
Backyard Orchard Culture
Growing Fruit & Nuts
Selecting Varieties and Rootstocks
Fruit Tasting Report
Variety Recommendations
Fruit Tube™ Index
Blog - Notes & News
Contact DWN
Sitemap for Home Gardens
For Retail Nurseries
Contact Us
Buying From DWN
Credit Application
Selling DWN Products
Marketing Tips
Wholesale Sources
Blog - Notes & News
For Commercial Orchards
Sales
Hickman Sales Office
Reedley Sales Office
Fruit & Nut Maturity Charts
Orchard Planting Guide
Grafting Patented Varieties (Royalty Surcharge)
Blog - Notes & News
Product Information
Home Garden/Retail Catalogs
Commercial Catalog
About Zaiger Genetics
About Plant Patents and Trademarks
Resources For
Home Gardens
Retail Nurseries
Commercial Orchards
Copyright © 2020 Dave Wilson Nursery
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Careers
For Home Gardens
Product Information for Home Gardens and Retail Nurseries
Where To Buy DWN Trees
Growing Fruits and Nuts
Backyard Orchard Culture
Backyard Fruit Tree Basics
Fruit Tube™ Index
The Fruit Tasting Report
Fruit and Nut Harvest Chart
Fruit Variety Recommendations
Resources and Community For Home Gardens
Sitemap
DWN Home Fruit Growing Q&A
Introduction to Home Fruit GrowingIf you are thinking of planting fruit trees, here are some reasons why you should and where to begin on our website.
Backyard Orchard Culture...a prolonged harvest of tree-ripe fruit from a small space in the yard... accomplished by planting an assortment of fruit trees close together and keeping them small by summer pruning.
Selecting Varieties and RootstocksTrees well-chosen will be easiest to grow and give superior fruit - at your preferred harvest times.
Buying Fruit TreesBare root or in containers? Large trees or small?
How do I find my varieties?
Planting Your Backyard OrchardMost important: know your site's drainage...before planting,
Growing BlueberriesThey're easy: especially when grown in containers!
For Retail Nurseries
Product Information for Home Gardens and Retail Nurseries
Contact Us
Buying from DWN
Account Agreement / Credit Application
Selling DWN Products
Sales Aids
Selling Backyard Orchard Culture
Marketing Tips
Resources and Community For Retail Nurseries
About Dave Wilson NurseryEstablished by Dave Wilson in 1938 on a small piece of rented ground near Modesto, California, our company
Selling DWN ProductsIndustry-leading sales aids, DWN bestselling varieties, selling Backyard Orchard Culture.
Potted Liner ProgramFarmers' Market Favorites™ - Fruit Trees, Grapevines & Berries: hundreds of varieties grown and shipped in 4" x 4" x 9" containers. Sell the Edibles!
Marketing TipsMerchandising fruit trees, selling your program, inventory control.
For Commercial Orchards
Product Information for Commercial Orchards
Commercial Sales
Independence® (Alm-21 cv.) Almond
Maturity & Harvest Charts
Orchard Planting Guide
Grafting Patented Varieties (Royalty Surcharge)
Resources and Community For Commercial Orchards
About Zaiger Genetics"A Family Organized to Improve Fruit Worldwide", the Zaigers have brought the world a fantastic array of fresh market stone fruits including Pluot® and Aprium® interspecifics.
Brief Views - Find Your Stone FruitsBrief Views are a quick way to scan the catalog for stone fruit varieties of interest based on key characteristics, chilling requirement, and harvest date.
Orchard Planting GuideThe value of adequate land preparation will be realized soon after planting and for the life of your orchard. The timing and sequence of steps are of critical importance--
Almond Variety & Rootstock Field GuideBloom, tree, crop, harvest and cultural descriptors for DWN commercial almond varieties. Relative pest and disease tolerances for DWN almond rootstocks.