http://www.molepro.com/pages/privacy-policy
MolePro
0 Items
|  $0.00
Mole Traps
Mole Facts
Why MolePro?
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information that you choose to provide voluntarily when making a purchase on our site. To enable customers to make a purchase using their credit card, we collect the following information:
Contact and shipping information (including: name, address, city, state or province, zip code, country, telephone and e-mail)
Financial information (including: name on credit card, credit card number and expiry date). This information is collected and used to process the transaction and for internal accounting and other clerical procedures.
Molepro.com does not intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 and would like to shop at Molepro.com, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance. From time to time, Molepro.com may conduct surveys and contests via our Web site, email, or other media. If you choose to participate, we may request your name, email address, mailing address and other personal information. We will never sell or rent such information to any third parties.
Mole Pro™ also collects usage data, such as IP addresses , the date and time of the page request, and the referring Web site (if any).
How We Use Your Personal Information
Information we collect on Molepro.com may be used to enhance your shopping experience in the following ways:
Deliver merchandise that you purchase online
Bill your credit card for your purchases
Confirm your orders. Respond to your customer service questions or requests
Communicate special offers and featured items to you, if you choose to receive such notices
When and With Whom We Share Your Personal Information
We never sell or rent your personal information to any third parties under any circumstances. We will share personal customer information only with our agents, representatives and trusted service providers and contractors for limited purposes, including fulfilling customer orders; offering certain products and services in connection with our Web site; communicating to customers; providing customer service; enhancing and improving customers' shopping experience; and completing credit card transactions.
Aside from the purposes described above, we will never share your personal information with any other third parties unless we have your express permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the disclosure is required by law.
Changes to the Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement was posted on Molepro.com on January 13, 2012. We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time.