http://www.attraction-tickets.com/privacy-policy
Attraction-Tickets
#1 Disney World Ticket Seller
100,000+ Customers
Lowest Price Guarantee
menu
Walt Disney World
Universal Orlando
Walt Disney World
Universal Orlando
Internet Privacy Policy
HotelsCorp, LTD., together with its related and affiliated entities, (collectively “CFI”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our online visitors. This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices governing the use of information submitted by you (“you”, “your” or the “user”) to HotelsCorp through this web site.
Information Usage and Sharing
We value your patronage and respect your privacy rights. Because we are committed to protecting your privacy, personal data relating to an identified or identifiable individual that is submitted to this web page is collected, processed, stored, and disposed of in accordance with applicable federal law of the United States and the laws of the State of Florida that may apply. The submission of personal data constitutes the user’s acknowledgement that he or she has read and understands this notice, and agrees to its terms. In order to facilitate the purchase of goods online or to update visitors of new products or services and in an effort to offer you a full spectrum of vacation-related travel and other services, we may share certain individual information with our partners, related or affiliated companies or third parties.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and other parties who must use that information to provide products and services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by our company policies, applicable law, and nondisclosure agreement agreements where applicable. We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information. In the event that we are compelled to involuntarily disclose any of your information, we will act on the advice of counsel should our records be subpoenaed or otherwise sought through legal means.
In connection with any contest or promotion, we reserve the right to post all information regarding contest and promotion winners that may be legally required or as is otherwise disclosed in the contest rules.
Policy Changes
As we grow and add new features, or as legal requirements change, this privacy policy may be modified. All information submitted to us is subject to the terms and conditions of this policy and any modifications. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this web site, or your dealings with this web site, please contact us at policy@hotelscorp.com
Special Notices:
By using this Site, you expressly agree to the following terms and conditions: I acknowledge that as a result of entering my name, address, telephone, or electronic mail address (collectively my “Contact Information”) or otherwise accessing this Site, I may be contacted. By entering my Contact Information or accessing this Site, I am making a business inquiry of HotelsCorp, LTD., Central Florida Investments, Inc. and Westgate Resorts, Ltd. (collectively “Westgate”), despite that neither entity is otherwise affiliated with or responsible for content contained on this Site. I request a return telephone call from HotelsCorp and agree that HotelsCorp may contact me using an automated telephone dialing system, prerecorded message, or by electronic mail. I agree to hold HotelsCorp, LTD., Central Florida Investments, Inc., Westgate Resorts, Ltd., and their related or affiliated companies harmless and hereby release and indemnify their agents and employees from any and all liability that may arise from entering my Contact Information or accessing this Site. I further consent to the release of my Contact Information to unrelated third parties.
Official Ticket Seller
And Many More!
Save time, save money!
Sign up and we'll send the best deals to you.
{{ errorMessage }}
Subscribe
{{ successMessage }}
This advertisement material is being used for the purpose of soliciting sales of vacation ownership plans.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Copyright 2004-2019
Attractions-Tickets.com. All Rights Reserved.