http://www.careycompany.com/privacy-policy.html
Home / Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy in line with GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation)
This policy is to help you understand what information we (Careycompany) collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. This is to address some new European privacy rules (which apply to users within and outside of the EU).
As we are an Internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we have tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way. We would like to reassure you that we only use your information where we have a proper legal basis for doing so.
We collect information in a number of different ways:
When you give it to us or give us permission to obtain it.
When you register on the careycompany website: www.careycompany.com, you give us certain information voluntarily. This includes your name, address, email address, phone number and any other information you give us.
If you buy something on www.careycompany.com, we will collect contact information (address, delivery address and phone number) and details of what you bought. We will communicate order information with you primarily via email and sometimes by phone.
Your payment information is gathered at a checkout portal which is operated and secured by Worldpay.
Worldpay is level 1 PCI DSS compliant and are active members of the PCI SSC (Security Standards Council). Worldpay has multiple private links into the banking network that are completely separate from the Internet and which do not cross any publicly accessible networks.
Any cardholder information sent to the banks and any authorisation message coming back is secure and cannot be tampered with, the information remains with the bank and Careycompany have no access to this sensitive data.
Orders taken over the telephone are dealt with in a traditional manner and customers are asked for their payment details. Payment card details are inputted onto Worlpay’s secure payment portal and no paper record is used or kept.
We also get technical information when you use www.careycompany.com
Whenever you use a website, mobile application or other Internet service, certain information is created and logged automatically. The same is true when you use www.careycompany.com. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Log data. When you use www.careycompany.com, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes your Internet Protocol address.
Cookie data. We also use “cookies” (small text files sent by your computer each time you visit our website, unique to your account or your browser) or similar technologies to capture log data. When we use cookies or other similar technologies, we use session cookies (that last until you close your browser) or persistent cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them). For example, we use cookies to store your preferences or other settings so you don’t have to set them up every time you visit www.careycompany.com. Some of the cookies we use are associated with your careycompany account (including information about you, such as the email address you gave us) and other cookies are not.
Device information. In addition to log data, we collect information about the device you’re using to access our website, including type of device, operating system, settings, unique device identifiers and crash data that helps us understand when something breaks. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you’re using and its settings. For example, different types of information are available depending on whether you’re using a Mac or a PC, or an iPhone or Android phone. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
Third party analytical tools
We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of this site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what products they searched for.
We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.
Although Google Analytics places a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser.
Social Media
Careycompany have a number of social media accounts including Facebook. Your consent to share information on these websites is covered by their own Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policies
Email communication
We send out email newsletters periodically, which include company news, information about our products and special offers. If you would like to subscribe to this email, please indicate when you register on the website.
Choices you have about your information
Our goal is to give you simple and meaningful choices regarding your information. You may at any time email us a request to delete your account.
How long do we keep your information
Your information will remain registered on the website www.careycompany.com for as long as you wish. Upon request we will remove from our files, your information or any specific item which would identify you uniquely.
Change CurrencyPound sterlingUnited States (US) dollarEuroJacqui’s NewsletterLatest Facebook Posts
1 year ago
View on facebook
1 year ago
Kumihimo Plush Tufted Necklace Kit – Carey Company
Finally happy with the designs, so the instructions have gone to the printers, and materials are en route. The kits are due to be ready at the end of the month...special offer for pre-orders see
https://www.careycompany.com/product/kumihimo-tufted-necklace
...
See more
This stunning kumihimo necklace is made from a luxurious pure silk braid created using Jacqui Carey’s innovative “plush tufted” technique, combined with beads and ribbon.
View on facebook
«
‹
1 of
10
›
»
Top rated products
Acrylic Marudai
£32.00
The “Ring o' Roses” Purse Kit
£89.00
Warping Posts
£16.00
Book: Round the Twist
£7.95 £2.95
Chinese Braiding Bobbins
£29.00
No part of our books may be reproduced, downloaded or used in any manner without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
My Account
Search
Search for:
0