http://www.rodoncorp.com/privacy-policy
Home
Contact
About
Catalog
Privacy InformationOur Commitment to PrivacyRoDon Corporation is committed to protecting your personal privacy. We provide this notice to explain the type of information that is collected at our www.rodoncorp.com web site. This policy also explains the choices that you can make about the way your information is collected and used. Our privacy policy is available to you to review throughout the site by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link at the bottom of each page.The Information We CollectThis policy applies to all information submitted to this Web site. You may be asked to provide personal information so that we can respond to your request for information or your feedback to us, or so that you can order a product, facilitate payment, and be shipped a product to a location you specify. We will not require you to provide more information than is necessary to participate in any of our site activities. When you provide your personal information such as name, address, e-mail address, daytime phone number, RoDon Corporation will not give or sell this information to any outside company for any use.Use of CookiesCookies are files stored or pieces of information that may be stored on your computer's hard drive when visiting a Web site. We use cookies to better tailor our site and our products to your interests and needs. Cookies may also be used to help speed your future activities or to improve your user experience by remembering information from your computer that was not voluntarily provided by you (i.e., during registration) but does not include data that will identify you personally. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you will find them at most Web sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent so that you can flush them from your browser if you object to their presence.Our Privacy Practices With Third PartiesWe may share aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about our users with business partners, sponsors, and other third parties. Except as set forth above, we do not provide any identifiable personal information to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. Access by employees and agents to your personal information is only on a need to know basis on the understanding that this is confidential business information. Our intention is never to use or share personally identifiable information provided to us in ways that are different than the ways described above without also providing you with an opportunity to prohibit such unrelated uses.Links to Other SitesUsers should be aware that when you are on this Web site you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites that take you outside of our service. This may include links from Licensed Properties, sponsors and partners that may use the RoDon Corporation trademark or logos. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. Also be aware of where you end up when you navigate the Web. Check the linked site to locate its Privacy Policy which may be different from our own. If the RoDon Corporation site links you to any third party site, RoDon Corporation makes no representation as to the existence, sufficiency, accuracy, or completeness of their Privacy Policy.Our Commitment to Data SecurityWe take reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. We cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you do so at your own risk.Future Privacy Policy ChangesWe reserve the right to change or remove this Privacy Policy at our discretion. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed. We will not make any changes, which allow us to give personal information to a third party without obtaining permission from you first. By using this site, you signify your assent to RoDon Corporation privacy policy. If you do not agree with any term in this policy, please do not use this site to submit personally identifiable information.