http://www.builderdepot.com/returnpolicy.ihtml
Sign In|Help
Track My Orders   |
My Account   |
Customer Service
All Departments
ALTERNATIVE ENERGYAPPLIANCESAUTOMOTIVEBATH - PLUMBINGBOOKSTOREBUILDING MATERIALSCOMPUTERS/SW & ACCESS.CONSUMER ELECTRONICSDOORS & WINDOWSELECTRICALFASTENERSFURNITUREHAND TOOLSHARDWAREHEATING & COOLINGHOUSEWARESLAWN & GARDENLIGHTINGMUSICOUTDOOR LIVINGPAINT & DECORPOWER TOOLSSAFETYSECURITYSPORTING GOODSTILE & FLOOR COVERING
Best Sellers ::
COVID-19 Items (Paper, PPE, Sanitizer) ::
Holiday Items ::
Autumn/Fall Items ::
CHECK OUT OUR CLEARANCE ITEMS!
HUGE SAVINGS!
Click Here
Help:
returnpolicy
Browse In:
All Departments
Home
Help
About BuilderDepot
Return Policy
Contact Us
Customer Service
Merchant Service
Privacy Statement
Customer Feedback
Site Features
NEW!! Fan Shop
Shop by Brand
Shop by Department
New Products
Best Sellers
Unique Products
Products on Sale
Clearance Center
Return Policy
Return and Cancellation Policies
ORDER CANCELLATION: To request an order cancellation, please go to http://www.builderdepot.com/customerservice.ihtml and select -Request to Cancel Order-
Orders often are processed within minutes of submitting your order. A request for cancellation is simply a request, as your order may have already been processed and shipped or too far along in the shipping process to be stopped.
Just because an order does not yet have the tracking number associated with it does not mean it has not shipped.
Tracking numbers are updated overnight from the previous days shipments.
We certainly try out best to honor cancellation requests and if successful you will be emailed and refund issued.
If you receive a tracking number after a cancel request that means it was not successful and the item has shipped.
Cancellations submitted during weekends or holidays will be processed on the next business day. Cancellations submitted after business hours are processed the next business day morning.
Please Email: customerservice@builderdepot.com for any assistance.
Return Policies
Our goal is to make your shopping experience with us as expedient and pleasant as possible, even when it comes to returning a product.
Please note that some items are not returnable, as stated in the item description. Items that are not defective that have been installed or used can not be returned.
All non-defective returns must be in resellable condition and in the original packaging.
Items purchased may be returned within 30 days from the shipping date, with the exception of items marked as non-returnable in the item description. In addition, the following categories cannot be returned if the box or seal has been opened: Food, Software, CDs, and DVDs, custom and special order/customized products, and all consumer electronics products.
IMPORTANT: ALL RETURNS MUST HAVE AN RMA/RA NUMBER (RETURN MERCHANDISE AUTHORIZATION) TO BE PROCESSED AND REFUNDED. Do not just return an item, you will NOT be refunded.
The RMA number must be written on the return package label to ensure proper processing.
Do NOT write it on the product box itself.
TO REQUEST AN RMA (Return Merchandise Authorization): Go to http://www.builderdepot.com/customerservice.ihtml and select Request to Return a product.
Ensure you select the correct reason for return.
Returning a product due to damage or defect that turns out to not be defective or damaged will result in restocking fees and shipping deducted from the refund.
We will not accept a change of reason for the return.
Items purchased on third party shopping portals: You cannot return an item directly to the shopping portal for a refund. All order returns must follow the RMA process outlined here. Please request an RMA before returning any product, to ensure a proper and prompt refund.
We will provide return instructions and the address to return the product to along with the RMA number.
This usually happens within 2 business days of the request.
MANUFACTURERS WARRANTY: After 30 days from the shipping date your product is non-returnable, and any problems need to be handled using the manufacturers' warranty. Please contact the manufacturer directly for assistance with your product. Many times problems can be resolved with technical assistance from the manufacturer.
The manufacturers contact information is contained in the user manual. The internet may also be used to locate additional information on your product.
We may also be able to help provide you with their customer service contact information.
IMAGE DISCLAIMER: Please note that the picture/image shown for an item may not be an exact representation of the item(s) for sale; images are for illustration purposes only. Use the part number, bar code (UPC) and/or the product description to make your decision to purchase the item.
Do not rely solely on the image in making your purchase decision. Manufacturers often make color or minor design changes but continue to use the same part number and don't always update us with the new product image.
As well stock is always being replenished and its possible that we have both the old and new version/design in stock at the same time.
EXCHANGES: Generally, we do not accept or offer product exchanges just due to the complex nature of arranging this.
If an item has a manufacturer defect, we require the return of the product before replacing the item or refunding the order. If the incorrect item was sent to you, we will arrange for the return of the product and a full refund or replacement, unless the product has been used/opened.
RETURN and CANCELLATION FEES:
a) If you need to return a product due to our error, for example if you received the wrong product or the item is defective, you will receive a full refund or replacement once we have received the returned item(s) according to our return policy. Please note that we may ask you to send us photos of the product received.
We may also issue a prepaid label or call tag to return the item.
b) If a cancelled order already shipped and you want to return it then it is treated as a return.
You are responsible for all fees as outlined below.
c) Orders returned at the customers discretion (buyers remorse) are subject to a restocking fee of 10-30%, depending on the product ordered and manufacturers policy. Shipping and insurance charges to return the product are the responsibility of the customer, and are non-refundable.
Outbound shipping charges will also not be refunded.
"Free Shipping" is not free, its included in the product price and may also not be refunded.
We do not issue call tags or prepaid labels in these cases.
Buyers Remorse returns include, but are not limited to:
- you changed your mind and no longer want/need the product
- you don't like the quality of the product
- you don't like the look and feel, color or size of the product
- you ordered too many of the item or placed duplicate orders
- you ordered the wrong item
d) Returned items will be inspected and may require testing to determine their resale condition. As a result, refunds may not be issued until this testing is completed.
Normally within 14 business days.
We strive to get customers refunded as quickly as possible and is normally within 5 business days.
e) Do not ship returns to the address on the packing slip.
Ship the returned item to the address we send you in the RMA authorization and return instructions.
Returned items often need to go to a different warehouse to be inspected first. Orders returned to the wrong address will not be refunded.
We will notify you and the returned item will be held for 7 days and then discarded.
You may send your shipper to retrieve the item at your expense.
RETURNING A PRODUCT
Take photos of damaged or incorrect items and email them to us first.
In some cases you do not need to return the item and can dispose of it.
We will notify you of that in those cases.
Do not dispose of the product until it is confirmed you can do so.
IMPORTANT: When shipping the product back:
1) Clearly write the RMA number in at least two places on the outside of the SHIPPING carton (not the product's box) which you are shipping back.
2) Return the product in its original packing and condition to the address provided on the RMA instructions.
Products not returned in the original product packaging can not be refunded.
3) We strongly recommend that you insure the shipment for your own protection, as you are responsible for the shipment.
Should the return shipment be damaged or lost, you are responsible for filing the shipper claim (in that case, we will provide whatever information you need for that such as pictures).
To file a shipper claim: for UPS call 1-800-PICKUPS. For FedEx, please call 1-800-GOFEDEX. These companies are reliable, responsible, and they have customer friendly claims programs.
4) We will credit your account once we process the return (please allow up to 14 business days once we received the returned item, most are done within five business days). Shipping and handling charges are not refundable unless you received the wrong product. Any taxes on the refunded product amount will be refunded.
Refunds are ONLY done to the payment method used to purchase the product.
Returning a Product Under the Manufacturers Warranty
To benefit from the full protection of the manufacturer's warranty, the product must be returned directly to the manufacturer in most cases. The manufacturer's warranty information and phone number is included with the product, or can be found on the Internet on the manufacturer's website. You must contact the manufacturer directly for a warranty return after 30 days.
Products Damaged in Shipping
You are responsible to inspect the package when it is delivered to you. Please refuse the shipment if it is damaged and file a report with the driver as to why you refused the shipment. If the damage is minor you may decide to accept the shipment but you must still file your observations about the damage with the driver. If you accept the package but it is determined that the item inside was damaged during shipping, please email our customer service within 24-48 hours (customerservice@builderdepot.com).
If you accept a package as in good condition it is very difficult to file a shipper claim after the fact.
All claims must be filed within 15 days of delivery.
Definitions
Call Tag - This is a scheduled pickup from a customer location of an item being returned. We will only issue one call tag, if you are not available to provide the return package to the shipper within 3 attempts you will be responsible for the call tag costs.
Prepaid Return Label - this is a shipping label we may provide to you to return an item if the return was deemed our fault.
(damaged, wrong item, extra item etc
).
This label will have all the information necessary to return the item to us.
Return Instructions - these are instructions we provide with an RMA number for returning an item to us.
This will include the address and any special instructions.
Freight/LTL - LTL means less than truckload and is for large items typically on on a pallet/skid.
These shipments are in general more expensive than regular ground shipments.
These are curbside only delivery without a liftgate meaning you have to lift the item from the back of the truck.
Shipper Claim - this is a request we make to a shipping company to compensate you for a damaged or lost shipment.
These can take up to 30 days to be approved or denied.
Don't Miss a Deal or Special Offer!
Get Email Savings and Updates:
Sign Up
See our privacy policy.
About Us • Contact Us • Customer Service & Policies • Merchant Service • Privacy Statement • Customer Feedback• Return Policy
Copyright © 1999-2020 BuilderDepot, Inc.
Site Designed and Maintained by
Inline Internet Systems, Inc.