https://www.3dframing.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
ContactTerms & ConditionsMy account
This privacy statement was updated 11th May 2018 in preparation of complying with the new General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) laws which came into force 25th May 2018.
Bevian 3D Framing are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected, this privacy policy sets out how we use and protect any information that you give us when using this website. Any information we ask you for by which you can be identified when using this website, will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page, you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information, which is only provided by you when placing an order. We do not collect any information by other means which may personally identify you.
Name.
Geographic information such as postal address including postcode.
Contact information including email address and telephone number.
Other information relevant to customer offers.
As we use PayPal for our payment gateway, we do not collect or see any debit/credit card or financial details. PayPal terms and conditions will apply.
How we process your information
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service plus for the following reasons:
Use to deliver items you may have placed orders for.
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. We will only contact if you have opened an online account with us and ticked the newsletter box or as a direct response to your enquiry submissions.
We do not sell, trade or exchange your information with any third parties. We will use your name, address and telephone number only when required to complete and deliver any order you may place with us. You may wish to read the UPS delivery terms and conditions.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes, the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies at the foot of our home page. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer, this may prevent you from being able to use all parts of our website.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the use of cookies by adjusting the settings in your browser, see your browser “Help” how to do this. By disabling cookies, you will affect the functionality of our and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will normally result in disabling certain functions and features of our site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting these external, which are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by mail or emailing us at contact@3dframing.co.uk. You may also request details of any personal information we hold about you, if you would like a copy of the information held on you, please email us. For security we will only reply to an email address we already hold, we will not reply to a new email address.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us, will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
×
×Basket