http://www.anvilfire.com/adverts/home/privacy.htm
anvilfire.com
Internet Communications Privacy Policy
anvilfire.com, DEMPSEY'S FORGE, and its advertisers and affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users.
Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information.
During the process of delivering ads and services to you, anvilfire.com's advertisers do not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as
name, address, phone number, or e-mail address through anvilfire.com.
However, anvilfire.com may obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as:
The Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet:
Your browser type
The type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example).
NOTE: This information is available to EVERY Internet site you visit via their server logs.
The information collected by anvilfire.com's advertisers on their sites is beyond the control of anvilfire.com.
In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a specific ad (this ad may ask you to fill out a survey or provide your zip code).
If this does occur, anvilfire.com may collect this information on behalf of an advertiser.
If so, we will indicate who the information is being collected for.
anvilfire.com does not sell, distribute, trade or give away user information (user lists, customer identities, membership lists, e-mail or other personal information).
COOKIES:
anvilfire.com, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web.
What are cookies and why do we use them?
A cookie is a bit of information stored on your computer.
It can only be read by the same web-site that wrote it.
The only information the cookie provides is the fact that you accessed one or more pages of anvilfire.com and used our forums.
anvilfire.com's present use of cookies is the storage of your name and e-mail that you provided in order to use our forums.
This is a convienience to you.
The information is used to automaticaly fill in your name and e-mail on the user input forms.
The information is stored on your computer and is not available to any other entity or web-site other than by reading what you have publicly posted on the forum.
We DO NOT collect and sell this information.
anvilfire.com CSI member's have other data such as their membership expiration date and membership level stored in their cookie.
This is only available to anvilfire.com and the CSI member.
If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies.
Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.
If you have any additional questions about anvilfire.com's dedication to consumer privacy, please contact the
webmaster@anvilfire.com.
anvilfire.com no longer works with third party ad providers that set cookies or collects information about you.
NOTICE: Click here
for important information about safe surfing from the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Copyright ©
2001 by
Jock Dempsey,
DEMPSEY'S
FORGE
All Rights Reserved
Webmaster email:
webmaster@anvilfire.com
Revised April 3, 2001