https://www.bedslide.com/ft-2432-privacy-policy.html
Home »
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
TAKIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries, take your privacy seriously.
As a matter of doing business, insurers must collect personal – and sometimes sensitive – information. We want you to know that we take every precaution to protect that information. We only disclose your personal information to third parties as necessary to provide the products and services you’ve requested. We believe you should be aware of the information we collect, the measures we take to safeguard it, and the situations in which we might share information with other parties. Below is a summary of our practices.
We collect only information that is required for us to provide you with the products and services you request. TAKIT, Inc. and its subsidiaries collect information to serve your needs, provide customer service, develop and offer new products or services for our customers and potential customers, and to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements. The information collected usually varies depending on the products and services requested. We receive most of this information directly from you – during personal interviews and on applications. We also gather information about your transactions with us. We may receive additional information from third parties, such as employers, insurance companies, consumer reporting agencies, or health care providers. The information we collect may regard your finances, employment, health, avocations, or personal characteristics. We may also collect information based on what is publicly available about you.
We maintain security to ensure information is secure.
We have many security processes in place to ensure customer information can only be accessed by employees of TAKIT, Inc. In addition, all employees are required to respect the confidentiality of customer data. We also expect third parties with whom we share data to maintain security.
We are careful about how much with whom we share customer information. We do not share personal information about current or former customers with anyone, except as permitted by law. For instance, we might share such information with other insurance companies or consumer reporting agencies. We may share information in order to comply with legal or regulatory requirements. In addition, we may share or exchange information with parties who do work with us or for us, such as those who administer or enforce transactions you’ve requested, or for record keeping.
Your trust is critical to us. We continually monitor the safety procedures that protect the privacy of our customers.
Patents held by Takit Inc. dba BEDSLIDE: 7175060 6390525 9073487
Latest & Greatest
Copyright © 2020 BEDSLIDE. All Rights Reserved.
Powered by Web Shop Manager.
×
Sign In or Create an Account
Close
Existing Customers
If this is your first time on our new website, please reset your password before logging in.
×