http://www.makupartist.com/155/index.php?main_page=privacy&zenid=ora5qcvrkcem407lr8ac2h95u5
one stop rubber shop www.makupartist.com
Home |
Log In |
0 item(s) - $0.00 |
Checkout
Shopping Cart - 0 item(s) - $0.00
Log In
Shopping
KN95 and Surgical Masks
Giant latex Breasts!
Female Masks
Female Diva Masks
Halloween Masks
Custom Masks
Fetish Masks
Latex Breasts Enhancement
Silicone Filled Breast Bra
Foam Filled
Latex Breast Bra
Limited Edition Masks
Mannequin Heads
Mardi Gras Masks
Fashion Wigs
Love Doll Masks
Metalic Masks
Zombies
Latex Extras
Express Shipping
Hands Foam Latex
Latex Hats & Caps
AirBrush System
Robot Head
Adhesives & Putties
Human Hair
Dick & Belly
Quick Links
New Products
Featured Products
All Products
Specials
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
General Info
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Useful Links
Search
Contact Us
Categories
KN95 and Surgical Masks (1)Giant latex Breasts! (8)Female Masks (14)Female Diva Masks (11)Halloween Masks (86)Custom Masks (2)Fetish Masks (18)Latex Breasts Enhancement (6)Silicone Filled Breast Bra (4)Foam Filled
Latex Breast Bra (5)Limited Edition Masks (7)Mannequin Heads (11)Mardi Gras Masks (15)Fashion Wigs (16)Love Doll Masks (11)Metalic Masks (13)Zombies (7)Latex Extras (10)Express Shipping (2)Hands Foam Latex (1)Latex Hats & Caps (5)AirBrush System (3)Robot Head (1)Adhesives & Putties (2)Human Hair (5)Dick & Belly (2)New Products ...Featured Products ...All Products ...
New Products  [more]
Rougico Red Metalic Foam Latex Hood!$68.95
Reviews  [more]
There are currently no product reviews.
Information
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
More Information
Page 2
Page 3
Page 4
Sponsors
Powered By:
Crafty Syntax
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy:
At “www.MakupArtist.com”,
your privacy is our priority. We are committed to protecting your privacy at
all times, in all situations. The information we collect about you when you
become a member is used to process your orders and to provide a more
personalized experience on our site. Our site uses a 128 bit encrypted SSL to
increase the security of our customer’s information. However, we “MakupArtist” do
not guarantee complete security on stored information, however, we have
installed and applied our encrypted pages and installed our SSL certificate
to prevent stolen information.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
When you become an “www.MakupArtist.com” member, we ask you to fill out a form that requests your name, address and
e-mail address as well as some demographic information such as gender and
date of birth.
“www.MakupArtist.com” will NOT share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis.
Your name and address information is used solely to process orders unless
your prior consent is given. Without your consent, this information will
NEVER be sold, given, rented or traded to others for purposes other than
order fulfillment.
Your demographic information (gender, date of birth, etc.) will be used
for several security purposes, to ensure you are who you say you are and in
fact you are paying with your credit cards and not someone using your stolen
credit cards.
Refer-A-Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we
will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically
send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. “www.MakupArtist.com” does not
store this information and uses it for the sole purpose of sending this
one-time email.
Our Use of Log Files
When you visit our site we automatically log your IP address, your browser
type and your access times. We utilize this information to conduct site
performance evaluations, to see where visitors are coming from and to keep
track of click stream data (the screens our users visit on our site). This
data helps us to determine what content our members find most appealing so
that we can maximize your enjoyment of the site. Log files are not tied to
personally identifiable information.
Site Security
All “www.MakupArtist.com” employees take your personal information very seriously. All employees must
learn and obey our security policies. Access to member personal information
is limited to key management personnel and our member services department.
The information is ID and password protected and our Web security is reviewed
on a monthly basis. We have also installed and implied our site with a 128
bit encryption SSL.
Correcting/Updating Your Personal Information
After becoming an “www.MakupArtist.com” subscriber you may correct/update your personal information by clicking on
the 'My Account' link at the top of any page, entering your ID, password and
birth date when prompted and clicking the Edit Information button. The
changes you make will be reflected in our databases instantly. If you wish to
deactivate your account, you may contact our member services group through
the 'My Account' section, or the 'Contact Us' section.
Links To Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you
click on one of these links, you may be leaving the “www.MakupArtist.com” site and entering another Web site.
These sites may independently collect or request information about you and we
encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their
privacy policy may differ from ours.
Communication
From time to time we may send out email messages alerting you that products
are available, to remind you about providing feedback or for promotional
offers. In addition, you will receive communication from us 1) if you contact
us for a particular reason, 2) to receive your orders, or 3) we need to
contact you for administrative purposes such as winning a contest.
Administrative e-mails will not contain promotional materials. If you choose
to receive our News Letters, they will contain promotional materials from “www.MakupArtist.com”.
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose
personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief
that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a
court order or legal process served on our Web site
Supplementation
We may correct or supplement your address information with standardized
postal representation in order to ensure that your orders are delivered. We
do this since we want to make sure that our members receive the order and to
lower costs associated with our programs.
Contests
Periodically, contests are run on our site. Sometimes contests are sponsored
by our customers. To enter these contests you need only to enter your ID and
password and your guess. At the time of entry, you may decide if you wish to
have your first name and state posted on our site if you are the winner.
Winner’s names are NEVER shared with our customers without their consent.
Our Use of Cookies
Cookies are pieces of information that your browser stores on your computer's
hard drive which identify you when you enter. The ability to select samples
on our site is not cookie-driven. We may use session cookies to provide a
seamless experience on the site and to combine with our log files so that we
can understand our site traffic and analyze our demographic information in
aggregate form. If you have set your browser to reject cookies, our site will
not identify you when you enter and you will need to manually type in your ID
and password.
Your Feedback is Always Welcome
We welcome your comments and questions about our privacy policy - or anything
else you might want to talk about. To contact us click here ß “Make that a hyperlink to your contact
page”.
You can reach us via email at info@makupartist.com
MakupArtist
870 E Market St.
Akron OH 44305
330-762-0714
Important Links
Custom Fitting
Female Mask Models
Mask Eyes
Custom Work
MakupArtist Distribution
Payment $ Options
Banditos
Robotic Skin
Copywrites
Doctor Latex
US inventory
Videos
Bestsellers
1.   Cindy Female Foam Latex Mask
2.   Natural Latex Glue 605EX Extra...
3.   Open and Reinforce Mask Mouth
4.   Cindy Diva Female Foam Latex Mask
5.   Human Hair Small Merkin Female...
6.   Elli Female Foam Latex Mask
7.   Honka Diva Female Foam Latex Mask
8.   Miss Piggy Sue Foam Latex Mask
9.   Olly Female Foam Latex Mask
10.   Yuki Female Foam Latex Mask
Currencies
US Dollar
Euro
GB Pound
Canadian Dollar
Australian Dollar
Chinese Yuan
Singapore
Who's Online
There currently are 7 guests online.
Search
Advanced Search
Have you seen ...
Powered By:
Crafty Syntax
Quick LinksHomeFeatured ProductsSpecialsNew ProductsAll Products ...
InformationAbout UsSite MapGift Certificate FAQDiscount CouponsNewsletter Unsubscribe
Customer ServiceContact UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMy Account
Important Links
Copyright © 2020 MakupArtist. Powered by Zen Cart