https://www.nutrolls.com/privacy.html
Baking Memories Since 1978
Home |
Log In |
0 item(s) - $0.00 |
Checkout
FREE SHIPPINGon all orders over $50.00
Quick Links
Home
New Products
Featured Products
All Products
Specials
F.A.Q's
Reward Points
Shop
Rolls
Gift Certificates
Gift Ideas
Newsletter Specials
Brands
Marie's Nutcrac..
About Us
Welcome to Marie's Nutcracker Sweet, Inc. Nut Roll Online!
We are a family owned and operated artisan bakery specializing in Nut Roll, Poppyseed Roll, and several other flavors of rolls. Located in the East Hills region of Johnstown, PA we are aproximately 60 miles south east of Pittsburgh and we have been serving the retail and wholesale communities Since 1978!
Info
General Info
About Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Customers
Log In
Create Account
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Useful Links
Reward Points
F.A.Q's
Free Gift Offers
Holiday Ordering
In The News
Nut Roll Defined
Connect
Become a Fan
Follow Us
Subscribe
Pin with Us
Recommend Us
Our Blog
Service
Shipping
All prices shown are FOB Johnstown PA. We will be happy to ship your order by the carrier of your choice: USPS Priority Mail, or FedEx. Shipping and Handling charges are easily calculated by selecting the Estimate Shipping button in your shopping cart. You are of course able to arrange for pick-up right at the bakery as long as you enter a Pennsylvania shipping address.
Shop with Confidence
We gladly accept MasterCard, Visa or PayPal for your online purchase processed through our SSL Secured store. You may also pay by personal check by mail. Simply choose that payment option at check out. If you are scheduling a Pick-Up and would like to pay by PayPal or credit card, please process your order and payment through the store online. We are not able to process credit card payments at the bakery.
Reviews  [more]
I grew up in CT and had these every year homemade by my...
Previous Orders
Track your orders
Home ::
Privacy Notice
A Message from Marie’s Nutcracker Sweet
As a small, family owned business with a patriarch who is immune compromised as the result of a kidney transplant, we have always been sensitive to reducing the spread of germs. We will continue to follow CDC and PA Department of Health guidelines for proper hand washing and sanitation of our work space. Our limited staff is family and we will continue to monitor them for any signs of illness before allowing them to work. Our facility has little to no foot traffic and the nature of our retail business has always been mail order or pick up by appointment only.
We will continue to ship orders as usual. For anyone in our local area who would like to order rolls, we can make special accommodations based on your circumstances. You may choose to pick up at either our Richland or Windber locations. At either location we can bring your order to your car. Please do not hesitate to reach out if you have any questions or concerns and thank you for your continued support of our small business.
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Marie's Nutcracker Sweet website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
NameAddressEmail addressPhone number(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
NameAddressPhone Number(etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by logging in and clicking on my account in the above menu. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at
info@nutrolls.com
.
Verified Merchant
Sponsors
Testimonials
Like Hungarian Grandma'sI have tried a few other nutrolls. Simply put, yours taste very much like my Hungarian Grandma. And it brings back a lot of great family memories....Read More ->Just like Grandpa used to bakeGrowing up in a Slovak household, I have had my share of Poppy Roll and Nut Roll. My grandfather used to bake them and I must say if he were here...Read More ->Delicious Creamy FillingI am full blooded Polish and have lived my life surrounded by Polish baked goods and cooking. My grandmother taught my mom and aunts how to make the...Read More ->I wish I lived in JohnstownI just received the 2 rolls and coffee combo. The rolls were delicious, as always, and the coffee, regular grind, was equal to the task of...Read More ->The Best Ever!Last month I ordered 2 poppyseed and 2 walnut/raisin rolls for a small family gathering. They were the best ever. My mother and grandmother used to...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Shop with Confidence
Contact Information814-269-4271Email Us
InformationAbout UsSite MapGift Certificate FAQDiscount CouponsNewsletter Unsubscribe
Customer SupportContact UsShipping & ReturnsPrivacy NoticeConditions of UseMy AccountUseful Links Holiday Ordering
Affiliates Program
Distributor Program
Scheduled Events
Copyright © 2020 Marie's Nutcracker Sweet, Inc. Support Provided by nLinkSolution.com