http://www.groundstrike.com/info/privacy.htm
Our 24th Year! - 1996-2020
Always Free US Shipping!
Refine Search
Privacy
Groundstrike Collectibles is concerned with your privacy.
The shopping cart system used on this web site is directed to a secure (SSL)
server whenever credit card information is requested.  Our SSL server
uses a Thawte certificate that electronically proves our identity, and
encrypts transmissions between our server and your computer.
All credit
card information is encrypted, and is never accessible on the internet in
unencrypted form.  This means your credit card information is
completely safe from any prying eyes.  On our receipts and at our
facility, your credit card number is never printed, so no shredding is
necessary!
No
information you provide to us - including your email address, telephone
number, etc. - is ever made available to any third parties.  We do not
rent or sell mailing lists of our customers.  No customer information
is kept on our online server computer.
We maintain
a list of customer email addresses that we use for the sole purpose of
sending information about our business, such as our regular
newsletters.  We respect your privacy
and will happily remove your email address from our mailing list.  Use
our mailing list page for immediate removal.
If you have
any questions or concerns about our policies, please
contact us.  We'll respond promptly.
Legal Notices
All of the pictures and descriptions on this web site are
copyrighted, and are owned by GroundStrike Enterprises.  No pictures
or descriptions, including derivative works, can be used in any form
without the express written permission of GroundStrike Enterprises.
We do not grant permission for their use on any web site other than those
owned or operated by GroundStrike Enterprises.  This prohibition
specifically includes internet auctions.
We
vigorously pursue any abuse of our rights to our copyrighted intellectual
property, and we reward customers who identify any such abuses.
Contact us if you have any questions about this
policy, or want to report instances of misuse.
GroundStrike and GroundStrike Collectibles are trademarks of GroundStrike
Enterprises.  All other trademarks used on this site are owned by
their respective companies.
All descriptions, photographs and images Copyright © 2020 by groundstrike.com
All rights reserved.