http://www.skindeep.co.nz/privacy-and-security
New products & promotions from Skin Deep
Home
Welcome to Skin Deep
About Us
About Skin DeepNew Zealand Manuka HoneyManuka & Kanuka Oils
Skin Deep Face
Skin Deep Face
Skin Deep Body
Skin Deep Body
Nume
Skin Deep Nume Products
Riffi
Skin Deep Riffi Products
TAKE IT OFF
TAKE IT OFF
Gift Sets
Face Care SetsBody Care Sets
Beauty TherapistsContact Us
Contact Skin DeepPrivacy & SecurityTerms & ConditionsStockists
Privacy and SecuritySkin Deep Beauty Products is committed to protecting your privacy and to developing technology that gives you the most secure online experience. We recognise that your personal information is confidential and we understand that it is important for you to know how we treat your personal information.  Please read on for more information about our Privacy Policy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
Skin Deep Beauty Products may use the information it collects from you for the following purposes:
To assist Skin Deep Beauty Products in providing you with a quality service
To respond to, and process your request
To inform you of, and provide you with, new and existing products and services offered by Skin Deep Beauty Products.
Any information we collect will not be used in ways that you have not consented to.
When you register, or otherwise give us personal information, Skin Deep will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. It will only be used for the purposes stated above.
If you send us an email, we will store your email address and contents of the email. This email will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it. Electronic mail submitted to Skin Deep Beauty Products is handled and saved according to the provisions of the New Zealand Privacy Act 1993.
We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to our website, new and specials offers we think you will find valuable. If at any stage you no longer wish to receive these notifications you may opt out by sending us an email.
Skin Deep Beauty Products does monitor this website in order to identify user trends and do so that we can improve the site if necessary. Any of this information, such as type of site browser your computer has, will be used only in aggregate form and your individual will not be identified.
How does Skin Deep Beauty Products protect your personal information and who has access to that information?
As required by the Privacy Act 1993, Skin Deep Beauty Products follows strict procedures when storing and using the information you have provided.
We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Skin Deep Beauty Products is hosted internally.  All data is stored behind our firewalls.
Our specific employees within Skin Deep Beauty Products are able to access your personal data.
This policy means that we may require proof of identity before we disclose any information to you.
What should I do if I want to change my details or if I don’t want to be contacted any more?
At any stage you have the right to access and amend or update your personal details. If you do not want to receive any communications from us you may opt out by contacting us here.
You can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us.
Subscribe or cancel subscriptions to newsletters about our services & products.
What happens if Skin Deep Beauty Products decides to change this Privacy Policy?
If we change any aspect of our Privacy Policy we will post changes on these pages so that you are always aware of how we are treating your personal information.
How can you contact us if you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy?
You can contact us here
Card Payment Privacy
Payments are processed through the secure DPS Payment Express system. Any credit card details stored for recurring payments are done so on the DPS system. No credit card information is stored by us and we are PCI compliant. Payments must be received prior to orders being shipped. The name that will appear on your statement will be SKIN DEEP BEAUTY.
We welcome any questions or comments you may have. Please feel free to contact us here.
Please also refer to our Terms & Conditions for more information.
site map | legal information | login
evoSuite Tourism Marketing Software
|
Crafted with love by SquareCircle
Forgot your password
User name
Password
Remember me