http://www.bleuclothing.com/privacy/
LoginRegister
Gift Certificates
Account
(323) 939-2048
"/>
Free Shipping On Orders Over $100! Questions? Contact us.
Home
Privacy
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.bleuclothing.com and Bleu Clothing and governs data collection and usage. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Bleu Clothing include www.bleuclothing.com. The Bleu Clothing website is an Ecommerce site. By using the Bleu Clothing Website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Bleu Clothing does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Bleu Clothing may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information )e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is transferred to the third party.
Bleu Clothing may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Bleu Clothing, and the are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Bleu Clothing may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Bleu Clothing or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Bleu Clothing; and/ or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Bleu Clothing, or the public.
Opt-Out of Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties
In connection with any personal information we may disclose to a third party for a business purpose, you have the right to know:
The Categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose.
You have the right under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) and certain other privacy and data protection laws, as applicable, to opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information. If you exercise your right to opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information, we will refrain from disclosing your personal information, unless you subsequently provide express authorization for the disclosure of your personal information. To opt-out of the disclosure of your personal information, visit this web page:
Tracking User Behavior
Bleu Clothing may keep track if the website and pages our users visit within Bleu Clothing, in order to determine with Bleu Clothing services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Bleu Clothing to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Bleu Clothing. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to  maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Bleu Clothing website.
Use of Cookies
The Bleu Clothing website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you , and can only be red by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Bleu Clothing pages, or register with Bleu Clothing site or services, a cookie helps Bleu Clothing to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Bleu Clothing website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Bleu Clothing features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies’ but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Bleu Clothing services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Bleu Clothing secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Bleu Clothing uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and use through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Right to Deletion
Subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
Delete your personal information from our record; and
Direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
Please not the we may not be able to comply with requests to deleted your personal information if it is necessary to:
Complete the transaction for which the personal information we collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with with federal law, provide a good service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
Debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise right provided by law;
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act;
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonable aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
Comply with an existing legal obligation; or
Otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
Children Under Thirteen
Bleu Clothing does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe from Third Party Communications
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from third-party partners of Bleu Clothing by contacting us at orders@bleulcothing.com
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Bleu Clothing may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, proportional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Bleu Clothing or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Bleu Clothing, you may opt out of such communications by clicking the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
Changes to this Statement
Bleu Clothing reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Bleu Clothing welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Bleu Clothing has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Bleu Clothing at:
Bleu Clothing
7378 Beverly Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90036
Email Address:
orders@bleulcothing.com
Telephone number:
3239392048
Effective as of July 20, 2020
Welcome!
ENJOY 10% OFF
Sign up for our newsletter and receive 10% off your first purchase of non-sale items and stay up to date with new arrivals and discounts. You can opt out at anytime.
Sign in
Email Address *
Password *
Register
Forgot your password?