https://www.industrialrev.com/privacy-policy
Orders may be delayed to due COVID-19. Order by 12/15 to receive by 12/25.
PRIVACY POLICYYour
privacy is critically important to Industrial Revolution, Inc. (“IR”) and we are
committed to providing transparency for customers regarding the information we
collect, your choices, and how your privacy is guarded when using our services.
PERSONAL INFORMATION IR COLLECTSIR stores information you provide on our sites or give us in any
other way. However, we do not store
credit card data.  The information we
may store that you provide to us includes, for example, your name, address, and phone numbers, people to whom
purchases have been shipped, including addresses and phone numbers, your
product search data, etc. IR
also stores certain types of information automatically whenever you interact
with the IR Online Services (“Services”). For example, IR’s Services may use “cookies”
and we may obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our
Services or advertisements online, or your browser type, language preference, referring
site, and the date and time of each visitor request, Internet protocol (IP)
address, purchase history, etc. The information we collect is intended to help
us improve our Services or to deliver Services to you. SHARING OF INFORMATIONIR does not sell,
rent, share, or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information from
customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in
this Privacy Notice.  IR only shares
customer information as described below.Third-Party Service Providers: We work with other companies and individuals
to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include software service providers
that help us provide this Service and credit card service providers that help
us process credit card payments. The third-party service providers have access
to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it
for other purposes.Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we
might sell or buy a business. In such transactions, customer information may be
transferred but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing
Privacy Notice (unless the customer consents otherwise). Also, if IR, or
substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of
course be one of the assets transferred to the buyer. As Required by Law: We release account and/or other personal
information when we believe release is needed to comply with the law, such as,
for example, to enforce or apply our Terms and other agreements, or to protect
the rights, property, or safety of IR, our users, or others. This does NOT
include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally
identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of
the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you may receive
notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have
an opportunity to choose not to share the information.SECURITYIR uses SSL
(Secure Socket Layer) for transaction security along with ChargeLogic Connect
Payment Gateway. You agree to protect
against unauthorized access to your password.
You agree to ensure sign out of your user account in the IR Services when
finished using a shared computer.CHOICESYou can always choose not
to provide information; however, it may be needed to make a purchase or to take
advantage of an IR Service feature.  In
such cases, you acknowledge that by not providing information requested, the IR
Service may not be delivered to you.The Help feature on
most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new
cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or
how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete
similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the
add-on’s settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies
may be used by IR Services to allow you to take advantage of some features, we
recommend that you leave them turned on.CHILDRENIR does not sell
products for purchase by children online.  If you are under 18, you may use IR’s online
purchase services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.EXTERNAL LINKSThis site contains links to other sites. IR is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT
TO CONTENT AND MATERIAL SUBMITTED BY YOUAny comments, reviews, posts, feedback,
questions, answers, notes, messages, images, video, audio, materials, ideas,
suggestions or other communications you submit to Industrial Revolution are not
private or proprietary. By submitting User Content on or through Industrial
Revolution, you grant Industrial Revolution an irrevocable, royalty-free,
worldwide, perpetual right and license to use, copy, modify, display, archive,
store, distribute, reproduce and create derivative works based upon such User
Content, in any form, media, software or technology of any kind now existing or
developed in the future. By submitting such User Content on or through Industrial
Revolution, you are confirming that (a) you are the sole author of the User
Content and the User Content originated with you and was not copied in whole or
in part from any other work; (b) you have obtained all necessary permissions
associated with the User Content, including without limitation permissions
relating to copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity and/or rights of
privacy; (c) the User Content does not contain hate speech or profanity and is
not libelous, obscene or otherwise in violation of this Agreement, and (d) that
you are not a minor and have the legal right and capacity to enter into and
comply with these Terms. By submitting any such User Content on or through Industrial
Revolution, you grant Industrial Revolution permission to use your name, alias
and any other information (as provided by you) to attribute such User Content
to you. Without limiting the generality of the previous sentence, and subject
to our Privacy Policy, you authorize Industrial Revolution and its affiliates
to share the User Content across all affiliated Web sites, and to use your name
and any other information in connection with its use of such User Content. You
also grant Industrial Revolution and its affiliates the right to use any
material, information, ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in
such User Content. We are not responsible for the similarity of any of our
Content or programming in any media to User Content submitted by you. Any and
all rights granted in this section are granted without the need for any
compensation to you in any form. User Content does not reflect the views of Industrial
Revolution, and Industrial Revolution does not represent or guarantee the
truthfulness, accuracy, completeness, timeliness or reliability of any User
Content, nor endorses or supports any opinions expressed in any User Content.
In no event shall Industrial Revolution have or be construed to have any
responsibility or liability for or in connection with any User Content. If we
determine, in our sole discretion, you or any User Content you submit violates
this Agreement, we reserve the right, at any time, without notice and without
limiting any and all other rights we may have under this Agreement, to (a)
refuse to allow you to submit further User Content, (b) remove and delete your
User Content, (c) revoke your registration and right to use the User Content
Submission Features and (d) use any technological, legal, operational or other
means available to enforce the terms of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, blocking specific IP addresses or deactivating your registration,
access using your e-mail address, your user name and password.
INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION DOES NOT ENDORSE THE USER CONTENT, IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR
THE USER CONTENT AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO
ANY PERSON OR ENTITY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PERSONS WHO MAY USE OR
RELY ON SUCH USER CONTENT) FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE (WHETHER ACTUAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
PUNITIVE OR OTHERWISE), INJURY, CLAIM, LIABILITY OR OTHER CAUSE OF ANY KIND OR
CHARACTER BASED UPON OR RESULTING FROM ANY USER CONTENT PROVIDED THROUGH THIS
WEB SITE.Terms and Conditions, Notices, and RevisionsIf you choose to use IR’s Services, your visit
and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and
Conditions and application of the law of the state of Washington.  If you have any concerns about privacy regarding
IR’s Services, please contact us and we will try to resolve it. Mailing
Address: Industrial
Revolution, Inc.
5835 Segale Park Drive C
Tukwila, WA 98188 Telephone:Hours of
operation are 6:30 AM to 3 PM (PST)
Monday thru Friday.
Toll-free: 1-888-297-6062
Phone: 1-425-285-1111
Fax: 1-206-812-2250
E-mail: info@industrialrev.comOur business is
dynamic and our Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions will change. We may
e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check
our Services online frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise,
our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you
and your account.
Loading