http://www.bigfishclothing.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to contentWant 10% off your first order?Join our mailing list and we'll send your exclusive discount code straight to your inbox! EmailOffer is only for new customers and does not apply to sale itemsFacebooktwitterPrivacy PolicyGeneral Overview and Use of DataThis privacy policy sets out how Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd uses, stores, protects and manages any information you provide to Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd when you use this website.Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If we ask you to provide information by which you can be identified, we will only use that information in accordance with this privacy statement.Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd may change this privacy policy over time. If we do, then this page will be updated in line with any amends made to the privacy policy. This current privacy policy is effective as of May 2018.What Data We CollectThrough this website, we may collect the following information:Name and job title.Contact information including: name, address, telephone number and email.Information relevant to surveys and/or offers.Demographic information such as preferences, postcode and interests.How Do We Use the Information We GatherWe gather the information detailed in the ‘What Data We Collect’ section to help us to understand your needs and educate us around how to provide you with a better service.We collect the data for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.Improvement of our products and services.We may periodically send you promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information to the email address you’ve provided. We would do this if we think the content would be of interest to you.We may occasionally contact you for market research purposes via email, phone or mail.We may use the information you provide to customise the Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd website according to your interests.Data SecurityBig Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd is committed to ensuring that your information is stored securely. To prevent unauthorised access to your data, we have put suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures in place. These will safeguard and secure any information you provide to us online or via other methods of communication against:Accidental lossUnwanted accessDestructionAlterationDisclosureUnauthorised processingWhat Happens When You Browse Our Website?Where possible, each time you connect to the Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd website, we store a log of your visit that shows the unique identifier of your machine. This tells us:What your machine has looked at.Whether the page request was successful or not.Which browser your machine used to view the pages.This data is used for statistical purposes, as well as to help us to customise the user experience as you browse the site and interact with Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd.This helps us to understand which areas of the Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd website are of interest to you. It also enables us to understand:How many people are visiting the website in total.Which areas of the site are of particular interest.Which pages are not being requested.Which products or services may be of specific interest to you.We may attempt to contact you using any of the information provided by you, including, without limitation, when you are using the wrong paths to access the Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd website or are in breach of restrictions on the use of our site.Use of CookiesA cookie is a small file that gets entered into the memory of your browser by a website. The file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular website. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd uses cookies to help us to identify which pages of our website are being used. This helps us to analyse data surrounding web page traffic and subsequently improve our website by tailoring it to customer needs.Cookies ultimately help us to provide you with a better website experience, by enabling us to monitor the pages which you do and do not find useful. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you outside of the data you choose share with us.Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually monitor your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.You can read the full Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd cookie policy here.Links to Other WebsitesThe Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd website may contain links to other websites of interest. Please be aware that once you follow any of these links, you should note that we do not have any control over that website or how they use your information.We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information you provide whilst visiting such websites. Such websites are also not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling Your Personal Information and Deletion of Your DataThe Data Controller at Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd can be contacted at info@bigfishclothing.co.uk.Whenever you fill out a form on our website, you will be asked whether you want to subscribe to ongoing marketing communications. You will initially be opted out as a matter of default. If you chose to subscribe to communications from us previously but no longer want to receive them, you can email info@bigfishclothing.co.uk to unsubscribe at any time.If you make a request for us to delete your data, we will ensure your data is removed in line with GDPR. The Data Controller will delete the information from our own records and confirm compliance. The Data Controller will also ensure the data held on any subsystems or within third parties is deleted.You can contact Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd to request a copy of the personal information held about you at any time. If, however, subject access requests are deemed to be ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’, you may be charged a fee in order for us to complete the administration work required to fulfil the request.Email CommunicationsWe do not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we:Have your permissionAre required by law to do soWe may use your information to send you promotional content about Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd and third parties which we think you may find interesting. If you do not wish to receive this information, you can opt out at the point of subscription to marketing communications or at a future date of your choosing.We adhere to the following guidelines with our email communications:Emails will clearly identify us as the sender.Emails sent to you for marketing purposes will include an unsubscribe option.You may unsubscribe from all mailing lists - with the exception of any emails regarding legal notices, invoices or license renewals - at any time.Any third parties who send emails on our behalf will be required to comply with legislative requirements on unsolicited emails and the use of personal data.We may send emails from a number of different domains in both plain text and HTML email formats. Emails are usually sent using the domain @bigfishclothing.co.ukContactThis is the website of Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd, a company registered in the UK under company number 05427899 whose registered office is at c/o G & A, Century Business Centre, Manvers Way,Rotherham, South Yorkshire, United Kingdom, S63 5DA and whose VAT registration number is GB 925 9886 62.You may request details of personal information we hold about you under the GDPR which comes into force on 25th May 2018. If you would like a copy of the information held on you, or you would like us to delete any data we hold about you, please email Big Fish Clothing (UK) Ltd. Selected data such as billing data may need to be retained for a length of time until the data is no longer reasonably required.