http://www.cheesemaking.com/pages/privacy-policy
Close menu
menu
Search
Shop
+
"Close Cart"
Cheese Kits
Beginner
New Items
Ingredients
+
"Close Cart"
Cultures
Mold Powders
Rennet
Additives
Equipment
+
"Close Cart"
Necessities
Utensils
Thermometers
pH & Acid Testing
Molds & Presses
Aging
Yogurt & Butter
Gift Sets
Books
Workshops
On Sale
Learn
+
"Close Cart"
Getting Started
Tips & Techniques
Cheese Making FAQ
Workshops
Contact Us
Resources
+
"Close Cart"
Good Milk List
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Recipes
My Account
Wishlist
Contact Us
+
"Close Cart"
413.397.2012
Send Email
Close menu
search
Search
Your Cart
"Close Cart"
Free Shipping Over $35 in the USA
100+ Recipes for Home Cheese Making
Join The Cheese Making Club
Privacy Policy
Welcome to the New England Cheesemaking Supply Company, Inc. privacy policy. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. We want you to be assured and confident that your data is safe with us and understand how we use it to offer you a better and more relevant experience.
1. Introduction
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for cheesemaking.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
2. Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
3. Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can opt out of any email communication by clicking the unsubscribe button, found at the bottom of any email You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
4. Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the Web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
5. Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you.
6. Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's device to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Cookie Type
Description
Google Analytics
The purpose of this cookie is to help us with tracking conversion rates for ad campaigns and to store and update a unique value for each page visited.Google Universal Analytics - which is a significant update to Google's more commonly used analytics service. This cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session, average visitor's time of site, and campaign data for the website usage analysis.
AddThis
This cookie is used to manage the social share count, until the sharing cache is updated. It is also used to showcase recommended content from our site that may be relevant to a browser based on the current page being visited and previous browsing history.
Option Monster
The cookie is used by OptinMonster to identify new vs. returning visitors for behavioral marketing purposes.
Listrak
This cookie is used by Listrak to identify new vs. returning visitors for behavioral marketing purposes. It also collects data that has been submitted to our site including email address, name, location, order history and browsing data in order to personalize email marketing for a more enjoyable email experience.
7. Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
8. Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 413-397-2012 or via email at info@cheesemaking.com.
Join Our Home Cheese Making ClubGet exclusive discounts, cheese making e-books, recipes, and more!