http://www.absolutelygolden.com/privacy-and-security/
Loading... Please wait...
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
View Cart
Sign in or Create an account
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Information About Goldens
Product TipsRescue Clubs by StateFAQ about Goldens
Grooming your Golden
Meet our Goldens - Main
Meet our Goldens - 7Meet our Goldens - 6Meet our Goldens - 5Meet our Goldens - 4Meet our Goldens - 3Meet our Goldens - 2Meet our Goldens - 1
About Absolutely Golden
FAQPrivacy and SecurityShipping & Returns
Blog
On-line Resources
Contact Us
Categories
Grooming Products
Grooming Tools
Grooming Shears
Gifts for Mom and Dad
Toys
Popular Brands
Millers Forge Micro International Spornette
Our Newsletter
Your First Name:
Your Email Address:
HomeAbout Absolutely GoldenPrivacy and Security
Privacy and Security
Privacy
Absolutely Golden is committed to ensuring your privacy as our valued customer.  We do not under any circumstance share, rent or sell names, or any other information about our customers that was transmitted to us via their visit to our site or their online shopping transmission.
The contact information for the customer is used only by Absolutely Golden for the purpose of communicating with our customers on order related issues. Absolutely Golden, may on occasion send customers mailings pertaining to specials and new products. If you wish not to receive these mailings, please notify us by emailing contact @ absolutelygolden.com
All information submitted is considered confidential in nature and will not be disclosed to anyone except under a subpoena in a court of law, or in the event it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to a person's physical safety, or as may otherwise be required by law.
Security
Your credit card number will not be retained on our server. It is securely passed to our bank for processing and deleted immediately.Absolutely Golden is committed to providing you with the safest online shopping experience available. All online transactions at Absolutely Golden are handled with industry-standard SSL encryption.  Your credit card information is passed securely to our bank and is not saved on our server.  You can shop with confidence knowing that your private information is safe and secure.
All prices are in USD.
Copyright 2020 Absolutely Golden.
Sitemap |
E-Commerce Software by BigCommerce