http://www.highlandstore.com/privacy-cookies-policy
Skip to main content
You are hereHome
Privacy & Cookies Policy
This privacy policy describes how Highland Store collects, stores and uses data collected about you.
OUR DETAILS
Highland Store is the data controller for this website. You can contact the data controller in the following ways:
By email to sales@highlandstore.com
By using our website contact form
By telephoning 0207 229 5577
By post to Highland Store, 66 Great Russell Street, London, WC1B3BN, United Kingdom
COLLECTION AND USAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
When you visit our website, we may collect personal information:
Through the use of cookies
If you supply it to us via a form, e.g. a contact form, a subscription form or an order form
We may collect the following types of personal information:
Information about the device you are using to access our website – including IP address, browser, operating system and geographic location
Information about your visit(s) to the website – including length of visit, referral source, pages you have viewed and interactions (e.g. subscribing to receive our email marketing communications)
Information you supply to us when submitting a form
We may use your personal information to:
Administer the website
Improve your browsing experience
Respond to your form submission
Send you our email newsletter or other marketing communications (if you have opted to receive them)
Fulfil the order you placed on the website
We may provide third parties with aggregated, non-identifying information.
Highland Store respects your privacy and we will not sell, rent or make available in any way your personal information except:
To data processors and sub-processors (where we are the data controller), who are bound by the same conditions as laid out here
Where specific permission has been given by you
When we are required to do so by law, or in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings
Any details that you provide to us from which we can identify you are protected by the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Our website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for their data policies, procedures or content.
RETENTION AND STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We do not retain your personal data for longer than necessary. The retention period depends on the purpose it was collected, industry practices and our legal obligations.
We may anonymise your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
We take reasonable and appropriate security precautions to protect your personal information from theft, misuse and accidental loss. All personal information is stored on our secure GDPR-compliant servers.
All information provided by you is encrypted by SSL technology. However, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet. Information shared with us via our website or email is done so at your own choice and at your own risk.
YOUR RIGHTS
You can contact the data controller to:
Request details of the personal information we currently store about you (known as a “data subject access request”)
Have your personal information updated or corrected
Revoke your consent to receiving communication from us
Request that your personal information is deleted. If we are unable to comply with your request for legal reasons, you will be notified at the time of your request
You can unsubscribe from our email marketing communication by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link found in every email.
COOKIES
Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by your browser. They are used for a variety of reasons including allowing the website to work by maintaining state between page loads, allowing us to remember you each time you visit to make your browsing experience better, storing user preferences and login information and providing aggregate information to us to allow us to improve our website.
When you visit our site, a pop-up message will be displayed explaining that we use cookies on our site. You can choose to:
Accept cookies – which will log your acceptance for 365 days
View more information – which will display this Privacy Policy
Delete cookies – which will delete all the cookies relating to this website from your browser and take you away from the site
This website may use some or all of the following types of cookie:
Essential/necessary cookies – are required for the operation of our site. They enhance your experience of browsing our site and allow you to use features of the site
Analytical cookies – allow us to collect information including how you reach our site, the device you use to browse our site and actions you take and features you use on our site. We use Google Analytics (a third-party) to collect this information and further details about how Google collects and processes the information can be found here
Functionality cookies – enable us to recognise you on future visits to our site
Session cookies – any of the above cookies may be session cookies. These cookies only last the duration of your visit and are automatically deleted when you leave our site
Persistent cookies – any of the above cookies may be persistent cookies. These cookies are stored on your browsing device until they expire or you delete them. Every persistent cookie has a fixed expiry date.
The cookies we place on your site adhere to the current cookie law. Cookies contain no details about you from which you can be easily identified. However, we do collect some personal data relating to your device – for example, your IP address.
You can disable cookies at any time by changing your browser preferences using the following instructions:
Chrome
Firefox
Microsoft Edge
Internet Explorer
Safari (Mac)
Safari (Other devices)
POLICY UPDATES
We may update this policy from time to time. It is recommended that you regularly review the policy to stay informed of any changes which may affect you.
FURTHER INFORMATION
If you require further information about the cookies we use or how we use them, please contact us at sales@highlandstore.com.