https://www.sumlab.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Sign In
Create an Account
Home
Conditions
How to Identify and Treat Vitiligo
Psoriasis Treatment and Information
Oily Skin Treatment
Incontinence Rash Treatment
Eczema Care
Severe Dry Skin Treatment
Diaper Rash Relief
Brittle Nails Treatment
Jock Itch Treatment
Acne Treatment
View all Conditions
Products
Cutemol Sensitive Emollient Dry Skin Cream
Moisture-All
Triple Cream Eczema Care
Cutemol Emollient Cream
Chromelin Complexion Blender
Cutar Emulsion – Psoriasis Lotion
Tarsum Relief Shampoo
Keralyt Gel 3%
Keralyt Gel 6%
Keralyt Shampoo
Keralyt Scalp
Keralyt 5 Gel
Keralyt 5 Shampoo
Keralyt 5 Cream – Psoriasis Treatment Cream
Sebasorb
Triple Paste Medicated Diaper Rash Ointment
DermaNail Nail Conditioner
Triple Paste AF – Jock Itch Cream
Liquimat Medium
Rezamid Acne Lotion
View all Products
Our Story
Follow Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
1-800-533-7546
Customer Service
Our Guarantee
Contact Us
Healthcare Professionals
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we’ve developed this policy to help you understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
We will identify the purposes for which information is being collected before or when collecting personal information.
We will collect and use personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and,where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to­ date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or
theft,as
well as
unauthorized
access,
disclosure, copying, use
or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
Click to return to the top of the page