http://www.johngreeddesign.co.uk/terms
Skip to Content
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Promotions
Cookies
Terms & Conditions
We are John Greed Jewellery Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 4814633 and VAT registered number GB 125 4424 37, and with our registered office at Offices 1 & 2, Firth Road Business Centre,
Firth Road, Lincoln, LN6 7AA, England. These terms and conditions of sale (together with the separately posted, Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy) tell you information about us and the legal terms and
conditions on which we sell the products listed on our website www.johngreed.com, any other website on which these terms are posted or expressly referenced ("John Greed Sites”) and in our brochures to you.
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before ordering any products from the John Greed Sites or over the telephone with our customer services team. These terms will apply to any contract between us for the sale of products to you.
You should print a copy of these terms and conditions or save them to your computer for future reference.
By placing an order on a John Greed Site or by placing an order over the telephone with our customer services team, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms. If you do not accept these terms and conditions, you will not be able to order any
products from us.
We may amend these terms from time to time in accordance with clause 12. Every time you wish to order products, please check these terms to ensure that you understand the terms that will apply at that time.
If you have any questions about these terms or need advice as to your legal rights, advice is available from your local Citizens’
Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
Last updated: 18th October 2018
1. USE OF JOHN GREED SITES
Your use of the John Greed Sites is governed by our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Please take the time to read these documents as they contain important terms which apply to you.
2. PRODUCT IMAGES
The images of products shown on the John Greed Sites are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to display the colours accurately, we cannot guarantee that your computer’s display of the colours accurately reflect
the actual colours of our products. The product you receive may vary slightly in colour from the image on your screen.
3. YOUR STATUS
You may only place an order through a John Greed Site or over the telephone with our customer services team if:
you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts;
you are at least 18 years old; and
you are a consumer (this means that you are an individual purchasing the products outside the course of your business or trade)
You confirm and agree that all products you order are for your own private and domestic use and are not for resale.
4. HOW THE CONTRACT IS FORMED BETWEEN YOU AND US
Our shopping pages will guide you through the steps you need to take to place an order with us. Our order process allows you to check and amend any errors before submitting your order to us. Please ensure that you have checked your order at
each page of the order process. Please note, once you have placed an order with us, we are unable to amend it.
All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email (sent to the email address that you have provided when placing your order) that confirms that we have received your order (the
“Order Confirmation”). The contract between us (the “Contract”) will only be formed when we send you the Order Confirmation
If we are unable to supply you with a product you have ordered, for example, if the product is out of stock or because of an error in the price on our website or inability to authorise your payment, we will inform you of this by email or
telephone and the Contract will terminate. If you have already paid for the products, we will refund you the full amount as soon as possible. If you paid by a gift card we will issue you with a new gift card.
All orders are subject to acceptance by us, and we will confirm such acceptance to you by sending you an email that confirms that the product has been dispatched (the “Dispatch Confirmation”). The contract between us (the “Contract”) will
only be formed when we send you the Dispatch Confirmation
The Contract will relate only to those products whose dispatch we have confirmed in the Dispatch Confirmation. We will not be obliged to supply any other products which may have been part of your order until the dispatch of such products has
been confirmed in a separate Dispatch Confirmation.
5. CANCELLATION RIGHTS
As a consumer, you have a legal right to cancel a Contract with us under the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013. Your right to cancel a Contract begins on the date you place your order and
ends 14 calendar days from the day after you receive the product you have ordered.
To cancel a Contract, please notify us in writing during the time period specified in clause above. You may either complete the cancellation by sending an email to hello@johngreed.com or write to us at Customer Services Team, John Greed
Jewellery, Firth Road Business Centre, Firth Road, Lincoln, LN6 7AA. Please include details of your order to help us identify it. We will send you an email to confirm we have received your notification of cancellation.
If you cancel your Contract in accordance with clause shown above, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the product and original delivery charges but you will not receive a refund of the cost of returning the product to us if
you have not used our Returns Service.
If we have already dispatched the product before you decide to cancel your Contract, you must return it to us as soon as possible and, in any event, within 14 calendar days of cancellation. We provide a complimentary Returns Service via
Royal Mail. Please enclose the delivery note provided in your original parcel and complete the relevant sections for a refund.
We will process your refund as soon as possible. If we have dispatched the product before you cancel the Contract, we will process your refund within 14 calendar days after the day on which we receive the product back. If we have not yet
dispatched the product before you cancel the Contract, we will process your refund within 14 calendar days of your cancellation.
Products must be returned in their original condition. We may reduce any refund due to you to reflect any reduction in the value of the product due to how you have handled it.
Please note that we are unable to accept the return of earrings that have been removed from sealed packaging. These products cannot be returned for hygiene reasons.
6. GOODWILL RETURNS AND REFUNDS
In addition to your right to cancel a Contract as set out in clause 5 above, we also offer a goodwill returns policy as set out in this clause 6.
If you are not completely happy with any product that you have ordered from us, you may return it to us in its original condition any time within 30 calendar days from the date of dispatch (or 14 days from the date of receipt for sale
items).
You can return a product by post to Customer Services Team, John Greed Jewellery, Firth Road Business Centre, Firth Road, Lincoln, LN6 7AA. For all returns within the UK, please use our free Royal Mail Returns
service. For all international returns at any time, if you return a product by post, you will need to pay the costs of returning the product to us and obtain proof of posting. Please enclose the delivery note provided in your original
parcel and complete the relevant sections for refunds.
Please note that we cannot be held responsible for any items which fail to reach us or for delays in your return reaching our warehouse. We recommend that overseas customers send their parcels via a registered trackable service and obtain a
proof of receipt.
Please note that due to health and hygiene reasons we are unable to accept the return any of the following items: (i) earrings; (ii) body piercings, unless they are returned to us unused and in a fully resalable condition with all hygienic
seals in place and unbroken. This does not affect your right to return a product in accordance with clause 7 (Defective Products) below if the product is faulty or misdescribed.
If you return a product under our goodwill returns policy, you will receive a full refund of the price paid for the product, but you will not receive a refund of the original delivery charges or the cost of returning the product to us.
We will endeavour to process your refund within 5 Working Days of receiving the product back. For the purposes of this agreement, a Working Day is any day other than a weekend or bank holiday.
If you have purchased products as part of an offer or discount, the amount refunded will be adjusted accordingly to reflect any failure to meet the original requirements for the offer or discount as a result of returning the product.
Products must be returned in their original condition. We may reduce any refund due to you to reflect any reduction in the value of the product due to how you have handled it.
7. DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS
Nothing in these terms and conditions affects your legal rights in respect of products which are defective or not as described. Advice about your legal rights is available from your local Citizens’ Advice Bureau or Trading Standards Office.
If you think that a product is defective or mis-described, please contact our Customer Service Team by using our Contact Details. One of our Customer Service Team will be able to advise you on how to return your goods.
All returns for potentially defective products will be examined once they have been received by us and we will notify you if you are entitled to a refund via email within a reasonable period of time. We will usually process any refund due to
you as soon as possible and, in any case, within 30 calendar days of the day we notified you via email that you were entitled to a refund for these products. If it is the case that we notified you that you are entitled to a refund, you will
receive a full refund of the price paid for the product, the original delivery charges and the cost of returning the product to us.
8. REFUNDS
We will usually refund any money due to you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
If you return an item/items in its original condition however, outside of the returns period, you will receive store credit to the invoice value of the purchase
For the avoidance of doubt, exchanges are treated as a refund of the old product and a new purchase for the new product, so please be aware that you will see both of these transactions on your account.
9. DELIVERY
Delivery will take place within 30 calendar days of the date of the Order Confirmation, save where a longer period is agreed between us. We will endeavour to fulfil your order by this estimated delivery date but we cannot guarantee this.
If we do not deliver your product within these 30 calendar days or within the other time period agreed between us, you may cancel your order by contacting our Customer Services team.
If you provide to us any instructions relating to the delivery of your order (including, without limitation, instructions to leave the products in a particular place, outhouse or with a neighbour), you are responsible for ensuring the accuracy
of
these instructions and we shall not be liable to you in relation to any loss of or damage to the product resulting from our following of your instructions.
Delivery will be complete when we deliver the product to the address you gave us or in accordance with your other instructions.
You will own the product once delivery is complete.
9. WARRANTY
We warrant to you that any product purchased from us will be, for a period of 12 months from the date of delivery, of satisfactory quality, free from material defects and reasonably fit for all the purposes for which products of the kind are
commonly supplied.
We will not be liable for any defect in the product arising from fair wear and tear, failure by you to follow specific care instructions, wilful damage, abnormal storage, accident, negligence by you or any third party or any alteration or
repair
made by you or a third party.
Our liability for losses you suffer as a result of us breaking these terms is limited to the purchase price of the product you purchased and any losses which are a foreseeable consequence of us breaking these terms. Losses are foreseeable if
they
are an obvious consequence of our breach or they were contemplated by you and us at the time the Contract was formed.
We do not exclude or limit in any way our liability: (a) for death or personal injury caused by our negligence; (b) under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987; (c) for breach of the terms implied by sections 12 to 15 of the Sale of
Goods Act 1979; (d) for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation; or (e) for any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.
We only supply products for domestic and private use and you agree not to use any products for commercial, business or re-sale purposes, and we have no liability to you for any loss of profit, loss of business, business interruption or loss of
business opportunity.
10. PRICE & PAYMENT
The prices of the products will be as quoted on the John Greed Sites and/or in our catalogue from time to time at the time you place your order. However, please see clause 12 for what happens if we discover an error in the price of any product
you order.
These prices include (where applicable) VAT at the prevailing rate but exclude delivery costs, which will be added to the total amount due.
We may change our prices at any time but changes will not affect any order in respect of which we have already sent you an Order Confirmation.
The John Greed Sites and catalogues contain a large number of products and it is always possible that, despite our best efforts, some of the products listed on the John Greed Sites or in our catalogues may be incorrectly priced. We will
normally
check prices as part of our dispatch procedures so that, where a product's correct price is less than our stated price, we will charge the lower amount when dispatching the product to you. If a product's correct price is higher than the price
stated on our site or in our catalogue, we will contact you to inform you of the error and give you the option of either continuing your purchase of the product at the correct price or cancelling your order. If we are unable to contact you
using
the details you provided during the order process, we will treat your order as having been cancelled and notify you in writing.
We are under no obligation to provide any product to you at an incorrect (lower) price if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakeable and could have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
Payment for all products must be by credit card, debit card, store credit, Klarna finance or using PayPal. We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover, JCB, Diners, Maestro and Union Pay.
Online payments will be made within a secure environment. We use the latest encryption technology (SSL) to ensure that your transactions with us are private and protected. When you proceed to make your purchase, your browser makes a connection
to
the secure section of our website. Your browser will show a padlock in the browser window frame and the website address will begin with “https://” to indicate that it has made a secure connection. Our payment system also complies with the
Payment
Card Industry Data Security Standard. We may provide details of your IP address, device attributes and payment method to third party fraud prevention companies to detect and prevent fraud and suspicious account activity. Your bank may request
that you are screened using 3D Secure (“MasterCard SecureCode” or “Verified by Visa”) or by an independent fraud prevention service. We may contact you for additional security purposes should we deem this necessary.
We require payment for products and any delivery charges in advance of delivery. Upon receiving your order we carry out a standard pre-authorisation check on your payment method (card or PayPal) to ensure there are sufficient funds to fulfil
the
transaction. We will take payment from your provided payment method when you submit your Order.
We automatically suspend any orders we suspect of fraud. Our Customer Services team will contact you using the contact details given at the time of purchase. We reserve the right to cancel orders we suspect to be fraudulent.
11. PERSONAL INFORMATION
Where you have provided us with personal information, we will use this information to process your order and supply products to you. We will only use your personal information in accordance with our Website Privacy Policy.
12. CHANGES TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS
We may amend these terms and conditions from time to time to reflect changes in relevant laws and regulatory requirements, market conditions, technology, payment methods or our system’s capabilities. The date at the top of this page will be
amended each time these terms are updated.
Each time you order products from us, the terms in force at the time of your order will apply to the Contract between us.
13. LAW & JURISDICTION
These terms and any claim or dispute arising in relation to a Contract will be governed by English law. You and we agree that the courts of England and Wales shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction to settle any such claim or dispute.
14. ENGRAVING & PERSONALISATION
14.1 The message engraved will be exactly as the message entered when placing an order. Any spelling errors due to incorrect information by you, will not be deemed an error on our part.
14.2 We reserve the right to refuse to engrave any message that could be considered obscene or offensive. In this case our customer services team will contact you and if required offer a full refund.
14.3 If an item has been engraved or otherwise personalised we are unable to offer an exchange or provide a full refund. We will, however, offer a 50% refund. If a bespoke item has been engraved we can not offer an exchange or a refund.
15. KLARNA FINANCE
15.1 In cooperation with Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden, we offer you the following payment options. Payment is to be made to Klarna: Pay later. Slice It.
15.2 Further information and Klarnas user terms you can find here. General information on Klarna you can find here.
Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna's privacy statement.
Get Exclusive News and Offers
Enter your email address:
Subscribe
Newsletter Sign Up
* indicates required
Email Address
*
Select All
Competitions
Yes
No
Blog Updates
Yes
No
New Collections
Yes
No
New Collections
Offers
Yes
No
Offers
Careers
Yes
No
Careers
Sign me up for emails *
Yes
No
Sign me up for emails *
Your personal details are safe with us.
View our Privacy Policy
Subscribe
Basket