http://www.sporn.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
SHOP
OUR STORY
TEAM
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
Cart
translation missing: en.cart.general.close
Due to current safety regulations, please allow extra time for orders to be delivered.
As always, there is FREE SHIPPING WITH ANY $30 PURCHASE! (U.S. ONLY)
"Close"
This privacy statement demonstrates our firm commitment to your privacy. We require you to provide certain identifying information when you order product from our web site.
We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their credit card account numbers). Sporn Company uses an order form for customers to request information, products and services. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for product and services. We also collect certain information generated by our server log.
The personal information is the property of the Sporn Company and its subsidiaries, subject to and protected by the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. The Sporn Company will not sell, rent, swap, or otherwise disclose your personal information to any third party, except as described herein.
Our site contains links to other sites. The Sporn Company is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. Nor is the Sporn Company liable for any disclosure of personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
Our online surveys, games, contests, subscriptions, and interactive tools ask visitors for contact information (like their email address). We use the contact information from the registration form to send the user the information they requested. Users will not receive additional mailings from us or other companies as a result of providing this information. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to, or control over, this information.
Public Forums: We may make message boards available to our users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Please remember that the forum is not for customer service these issues should be addressed to our Customer Support team ..
Choice/Opt-Out: We provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from our site whenever we request information about the visitor. Users can remove their information from our database and not receive future communications by sending an email to Customer Support.
Correct/Update: Users can change or modify information previously provided by our online forms or by sending an email to us. We encourage you to keep your contact information updated with us if you register your pet with our “Sporn Pet Finder Service”.
Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our network members, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact Customer Support.
"Close (esc)"
English