https://www.kunzler.com/privacy-policy
Products
All Products
Bacon
Deli Meats
Franks
Ham
Other Specialty
Nutrition
Nutrition Center
Food Safety
Allergen Center
Dietary Needs
FAQs
Where to Buy
View Map
Recipes
All Recipes
Cooking Tips
Grilling Ideas
What’s New
New Products
In the News
Promotions
Blog
About Us
Sustainability
Video Library
Foodservice
All Products
Bacon
Sandwich Selects
Franks & Sausages
Ham
Child Nutrition
Careers
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
KUNZLER & COMPANY, INC. PRIVACY PRACTICES
This document was last updated October 6, 2015.
Welcome! Kunzler & Company, Inc. (“Kunzler”) recognizes the importance of customer privacy and the need to protect information that users of the www.kunzler.com website (“Website”) provide to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we handle information we learn about you from your visits to this Website. Please read our complete Privacy Policy. Kunzler will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy, so please refer back to this page from time to time to view the current policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this web site.
Customer Data Collection, Use and Protection
In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers collect the domain names, not the email addresses, of visitors. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, etc. Kunzler uses this information to measure the use of our Website and to improve the content of our Website.
There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your name, e-mail address and mailing address. Such customer data assists Kunzler in serving the following purposes:
To help you quickly find services or information.
To help us create Website content most relevant to you.
To alert you to product upgrades, special offers, updated information, and other new products or services from Kunzler.
To allow you to participate in contests conducted through our Website.
To provide feedback in an online survey.
Kunzler uses your information only for these purposes, and Kunzler does not disclose your information to third parties in providing you with these services through our Website. If you are a child under the age of 13, and are not participating in activities that are addressed under the Children’s Privacy (Under the Age of 13) section of this policy, we specifically request that you not submit any personal information to us through this Website.
However, please note that Kunzler will disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Kunzler on the Website; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Kunzler; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of www.kunzler.com or the public.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other companies or their assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that Kunzler or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets.
Web Server Cookies and Log Files
Kunzler also uses cookies to identify different types of Website users. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent by our Web server, stored on your PC’s hard drive, and used by your Web browser. Kunzler uses cookies to identify the type of customers using our Website. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, or you may disable cookies altogether. However, if you disable cookies, you may not be able to use portions of the Kunzler Website.
Like most standard Website servers, we use log files. This includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses etc. are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web based service.
Surveys
At times, we conduct online surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. When we conduct a survey, we will let you know how we will use the information we collect from you.
Links
Our Website may contain links to other sites such as Kunzler distributors and sales affiliates. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites. Any information you provide to one of these other websites will be governed by the privacy policy of that website, if any, and not by this Kunzler Privacy Policy.
Contact Kunzler
Kunzler strives to protect customer privacy. Should you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via e-mail at sadmin@kunzler.com, or write to:
Kunzler & Company, Inc.
652 Manor Street
P.O. Box 4747
Lancaster, PA 17604
Attn: Administrative Assistant
Children’s Privacy (Under the Age of 13)
Kunzler takes children’s privacy seriously and wants parents to understand that we take additional precautions with respect to collecting information from children under the age of 13. We do not seek to collect personal information about children through our Website without consent of a parent or legal guardian, except in limited circumstances. Kunzler may collect the first name and e-mail address of your child under the age of 13 without your consent if your child signs up to receive a newsletter or join a web club or other activity that may involve Kunzler contacting your child via e-mail from time to time. Kunzler will also ask the child for the e-mail address of his/her parent or guardian so that we may notify you that your child has joined the web club or other activity and to give you an opportunity to have your child opt-out and have their personal information removed.
We are prohibited from conditioning and do not condition your child’s participation in a newsletter, web club or other activity on your child disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.
Our websites do not offer activities that allow your child or us to disclose your child’s personal information publicly (for example, through chat rooms, message boards or email accounts) or to any third party.
We do not share your child’s personal information with third parties.
You can review your child’s personally identifiable information, request to have all or certain information deleted or changed, or refuse to allow the further collection or use of your child’s personal information by contacting us at:
Kunzler & Company, Inc.
652 Manor Street
P.O. Box 4747
Lancaster, PA 17604
Attn: Administrative Assistant
Phone: 717-390-2255
E-mail: sadmin@kunzler.com
If your child is not signing up to receive a newsletter or join a web club or other activity and we become aware that a person submitting personal information to us through any part of our Website is a child under the age of 13, we delete the information as soon as we discover it and do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties. Since we do not seek to collect any personal information about children, except in the limited circumstances described above, and we delete information collected inadvertently as soon as we discover that a child has submitted it, we typically retain no information about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a parent requests review or deletion of information about their child before we have discovered and deleted the information, we will of course honor that request. Please use the address, telephone number or email address above to contact us.
Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | ©2020 Kunzler & Company, Inc.