https://www.ringmania.co.uk/privacy-policy/
Home / Privacy Policy
Who We Are
At ringmania.co.uk we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of all visitors to our web site. In particular, we want you to know that ringmania.co.uk is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
We take your privacy seriously and take measures to provide all visitors and users of ringmania.co.uk with a safe and secure environment.
Cookies
Ringmania.co.uk may set and access ringmania.co.uk cookies on your computer.  Cookies are used to provide our system with the basic information to provide the services you are requesting.  Cookies can be cleared at any time from your internet browser settings.
Google Analytics
When someone visits ringmania.co.uk we use a third party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to track things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and interactions with the site. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make, and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of visitors to our website.
Website Comments
When someone visits ringmania.co.uk, there may be an ability to submit comments on particular articles or pages.  When comments are submitted, you are entitled to use aliases or information that completely hides your identity. When a comment is submitted, the relevant details (name, email, website) that you provide are stored.  These details are stored so that we can display your comment back to you, and to anyone viewing the comment sections on the site. We do not verify information entered nor do we require verification.
Mailing Lists
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We do not rent or trade email lists with other organisations, businesses or individuals.
We use a third-party provider, thenewsletterplugin.com to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see thenewsletterplugin.com privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
Third Parties
There may be some circumstances where your IP address, geographic location, and other browser related details may be shared with third party companies.  We may share your above mentioned data with following third party companies from time to time.
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer Malcolm Scott at mal@ringmania.com and we will work with you to remove any of your personal data we may have.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to our Privacy Policy in the future, however, the most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be available at the following URL:
ringmania.co.uk/privacy-policy
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you by an update or email, where possible. By continuing to access or use our services, you agree to be bound to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thanks