https://www.rockvillerecords.com/terms/
TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE SUPPLY OF PRODUCTS & PRIVACY STATEMENT IMPORTANT! PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY
BEFORE USING THIS SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Your use of this site and the information available on this site is
subject to the terms and conditions set out below and by using this site
you are acknowledging your consent to them. Rockville Records Limited, in its sole discretion, reserves the right to
change these terms and conditions at any time without notice, although
any changes will be posted here.
FORMATION OF THE CONTRACT
No contract will subsist between you and Rockville Records Limited for
the sale by it to you of any product unless and until you have received
confirmation of your order in the form of a receipt confirming details
of your order. Once the receipt has been printed out, there will be a
legally binding contract between us.
This site is available only for your personal, non-commercial use.
PRICE
Rockville Records Limited reserves the right to change prices listed
without notice. All orders for products are subject to availability and
Rockville Records Limited reserves the right to decline to supply any
individual or company.
IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND
You may cancel your order for goods for any reason at any time up to the
end of the seventh working day after you place your order even if you
have already received the goods. If you do, the following terms will
apply:
The only circumstance in which you may not cancel your order is if
you have taken any CD out of the sealed package in which it was
delivered to you.To cancel your order you must notify Rockville Records Limited in
writing at info@rockvillercords.com or by post to Rockville Records Ltd
Customer Services, 11 Chavenage, Kingswood, Bristol, UK BS15 4LAIf you cancel your order but Rockville Records Limited has already
dispatched the product to you then you must call the Customer Helpline
on +44 1179 678277 to arrange a return, which will be at your cost and
risk. Sealed items should not be unpacked.
DELIVERY
Rockville Records Limited will deliver the product(s) you ordered to the
address that you give Rockville Records Limited for delivery. Rockville
Records Limited will endeavour to deliver the product(s) to you as soon
as possible.
RETURNS
Rockville Records Limited hopes that all of its customers are happy with
their purchases. If the product(s Rockville Records Limited delivers
are not what you ordered or are defective or damaged, please let our
Customer Service Department know as soon as possible and Rockville
Records Limited will provide a refund or replacement in accordance with
its Returns Policy.
WARRANTIES
Rockville Records Limited makes no representations or warranties
regarding the accuracy, reliability or completeness of the content (text
and images) of this site. To the extent permissible by law, Rockville
Records Limited disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including
but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for
a particular purpose.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
Rockville Records Limited shall not be liable for loss or damages of any
kind, including without limitation special or consequential damages,
arising out of your access to, or inability to access, this site or your
use of, or reliance upon, this site or the content hereof or for
negligence (except for personal injury or death) and excludes any such
liability to the fullest extent permitted by law.
The information contained in the site may contain technical inaccuracies
or typographical errors and Rockville Records Limited shall not be
liable for any inaccuracies or errors. In addition, Rockville Records
Limited has no duty to update this site or the content hereof and
Rockville Records Limited shall not be liable for any failure to update
such information.
Further, Rockville Records Limited is neither responsible nor liable for
your use of other web sites which you may access via links within this
site. Rockville Records Limited does not control these web sites and is
not responsible for their content. These links are provided merely as a
service to users of the site and inclusion in this site does not
constitute an endorsement by or affiliation with Rockville Records
Limited. Any goods that you order from any web site to which you link
from this site are subject to the terms and conditions applicable to
such web site and Rockville Records Limited shall have no liability to
you in respect of the same. These web sites may collect data or solicit
personal information from you. Those sites are not subject to Rockville
Records Limited’s Privacy Policy and Rockville Records Limited is not
responsible for the privacy policies on those sites, or the use of any
information those sites may collect.
Nothing in this agreement is intended to limit any rights you may have
as a consumer under any applicable law that may not be legally excluded.
FORCE MAJEURE
Rockville Records Limited will not be liable to you in the event that it
is prevented by circumstances beyond its control from delivering any
product which you have ordered or for any damaged or defective goods.
VALIDITY
If any term, condition, or provision of these terms and conditions is
determined to be unlawful, invalid, void, or for any reason
unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms,
conditions and provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired
thereby.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you
and Rockville Records Limited relating to the subject matter herein. In
particular you should note that nothing said by any Rockville Records
Limited employee in relation to the site should be taken as a variation
of these terms and conditions or as a representation about the products
being sold by Rockville Records Limited and Rockville Records Limited
shall have no liability to you or any other person for any such
representation being untrue.
GOVERNING LAW
Any contract between us will be interpreted, construed and interpreted
in all respects in accordance with the laws of England and any dispute
in relation to such contract shall be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the English Courts.
OWNERSHIP AND COPYRIGHT
This site is owned, operated and maintained by Rockville Records
Limited. This site and all perceptible components hereof, including
without limitation design, text, graphics, the selection and arrangement
thereof, and all software compilations, underlying source code,
software (including applets) are copyright Rockville Records Limited, or
their content and technology providers. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may
only use this site and its contents in accordance with the terms and
conditions of these terms and conditions.
TRADEMARK NOTICE
All names, logos, trademarks and titles used in this site are trademarks or trade names of their respective holder.
PRIVACY POLICY
At Rockville Records Limited, we respect your right to privacy and are
committed to protecting the personal information that we ask you to
supply to us. We will use the information we collect about you to
process orders and to provide a better shopping experience.
We and our associated companies may use your personal information to
inform you about the latest changes to the site and products or services
that you may find of interest but if you prefer not to receive this you
can tell us by sending an e-mail message to: info@rockvillerecords.com.
What information do we ask for?
We will only collect personally identifiable information to the extent
reasonably necessary to serve our legitimate business purposes, and we
will maintain appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity
and privacy of the information you have provided. In addition, we will
take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties to whom we transfer
any data will provide sufficient protection of that personal
information.
How do we use the information?
When you place an order, we need to know your name, e-mail address and
delivery address.
Your credit or debit card details will be obtained when you enter your
card details to make your order. These are held on a secure server by
Paypal who will responsible for debiting the correct amount from your
card. This allows your order to be processed and fulfilled and permits
us to track your order status. We also ask for your telephone number,
which enables us to contact you urgently if there is a problem with your
order.
When you place an order or access your account information, we use a
secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information
you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, as required by the UK
Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we follow strict security
procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have
given to us, to prevent unauthorised access.
Will Rockville Records Limited disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Rockville Records Limited does not supply your personal information to
others. We may choose to do so in the future with trustworthy third
parties, in order that they can send you information that they think
will be of interest to you but you can tell us not to by e-mailing us at
info@rockvillerecords.com.
Also, Rockville Records Limited may provide aggregate statistics about
our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to
reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no
personally identifying information.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to this site and not
to web sites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we
link. Furthermore, from time to time Rockville Records Limited may
employ third parties who may collect personal information on Rockville
Records Limited’s behalf. In such cases, such third parties will be
instructed by Rockville Records Limited to comply with the Rockville
Records Limited Privacy Policy as set forth herein.
Review, correction or deletion of information from our records
If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information
maintained by Rockville Records Limited is not correct, or it changes or
if you no longer desire our service we will endeavour to provide a way
to correct, update or remove the data you have provided us with. This
can usually be done by e-mailing us at info@rockvillerecords.com or
contacting our Customer Service Department on +44 1179 678277.
Your consent
By using the site, you signify your assent to the Rockville Records
Limited Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do
not use this site. We reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy
Policy. Any change to the policy will be published on this page so that
you are always aware of it. Your continued use of the site will signify
your acceptance of these changes. You should be aware that the
information you provide may be transferred outside the European Economic
Area. By using this site you consent to this transfer. © 2017 Rockville
Records Limited. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkCookie policy