https://www.art-of-brewing.co.uk/terms/
Menu
Beginner's Equipment PacksWine kits - 30 bottle size - PremiumWine kits - 30 bottle size - Mid RangeWine kits - 30 bottle size - BudgetWine kits - 6 bottle sizeAoB 7 Day Wine KitSpirit and Liqueur kits - 6 Bottle SizeAcidsBeer kits - PremiumBeer kits - Mid-rangeBeer kits - BudgetBeer FlavouringsBeer ingredients - SyrupsBeer ingredients - Powders & YeastBeer ingredients - GrainsBeer ingredients - HopsBeer Mashing EquipmentBarrels and AccessoriesBooks and VideosBottling Equip. & AccessoriesCider kitsDried Fruit & FlowersFermentation EquipmentFilters & AccessoriesWineworks Vino Dried Fruit WineFiningsGrape Juice for Country WineHeaters & AccessoriesLabelsMangrove Jack's Craft Series Beer KitsMangrove Jack's Brewers SeriesTest Equipment & AccessoriesMiscellaneous HardwareYeast, Nutrient & EnzymesSteriliser & CleanerWine Presses & AccessoriesWine & Liqueur Flavourings etcWine & Beer AidsVintners Reserve Wine KitsWorld Vineyard Wine Kits
Account
Home
Terms & Conditions
This website is operated by Love Brewing Limited trading as Art of Brewing (referred to as "Love Brewing/we/our/us"). As user of this website (referred to as "you/your") you acknowledge that any use of this website including any transactions you make ("use/using") is subject to our terms and conditions below (which includes any other important hyper-linked sections e.g. Home delivery information, How to use this website, Returns and refunds, and Privacy policy.
Love Brewing Limited is a private limited company registered in England and Wales (Company No: 7321008).
Our head office address is:
Love Brewing Limited
292-294 Chatsworth Road
Chesterfield
Derbyshire
S40 2BY
Tel: 0333 222 4046
Please read through these terms and conditions carefully before using this website.
Print a copy for future reference.
Also read our Privacy policy section regarding your personal information.
General
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time. Any such changes will take effect when posted on the website (see date at the top) and it is your responsibility to read the terms and conditions on each occasion you use this website and your continued use of the website shall signify your acceptance to be bound by the latest terms and conditions.
If you are not a consumer, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this website
When you use certain Love Brewing services please read the additional information provided with regards to such services as this information will provide you with full details on how to use such services.
Certain website services will require registration and subsequent access to those services will be subject to an approved login name and password ("Password Details"). Information that you provide on this website must be accurate and complete. All Passwords Details are accepted and may be withdrawn at our sole discretion and are exclusive to you and non-transferable and must be treated as strictly confidential at all times. In the event that you have any concerns regarding your Password Details or become aware of any misuse then you must inform us immediately (see Contact US for more information and full contact details).
Order process
Please see the Home delivery information and How to use this website section for information on how to place an order. All orders that you place on this website will be subject to acceptance in accordance with these terms and conditions.
The 'confirmation' stage sets out the final details of your order inclusive of our Declaration. Following this, we will send to you an order acknowledgement email detailing the products you have ordered. Please note that this email is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Love Brewing.
Acceptance of your order and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on despatch to you of the products ordered unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order or you have cancelled it (please refer to Returns and refunds).
We do not file details of your order for you to subsequently access direct on this website, and therefore, please print out these terms and conditions and the order acknowledgement for your own records. If you wish to obtain specific details of your previous orders please Contact us.
Love Brewing may cancel any sale and withold the supply of products if it is reasonable to do so and may change or discontinue the availability of any products at any time, and at its sole discretion. If an order is cancelled, any payments made will be refunded in full.
All new orders are deemed seperate and each is treated individually.
Delivery
This website is intended for delivery of products to customers in mainland Europe . We will however upon request deliver World Wide but the up to date cost of delivery will be checked and notified to you prior to confirmation of order. All goods must be signed for by an adult aged 18 years or over on delivery.
Unless stated otherwise, Orders must be placed before 2pm to qualify for same day dispatch. Orders placed after this time may be dispatched the following working day, although we will do our very best to ensure such orders are dispatched same day (this is not a guarantee).
Delivery charges and estimated timescales are specified in the Home delivery information section for the UK and also when you place an order. We make every effort to deliver goods within the estimated time periods; however delays are occasionally inevitable due to unforeseen factors. Love Brewing shall be under no liability for any delay or failure to deliver the products within estimated timescales.
Receipt of a dispatch email is not a guarantee that your order has been dispatched same day.
Please take into account delivery times when ordering. We cannot be held responsible for loss or disappointment resulting from your personal deadlines being missed. We would recommend a 14 day lead time to ensure complete satisfaction.
Risk of loss and damage of products passes to you on the date when the products are delivered or on the date of first attempted delivery by us. If you accept delivery of the goods, you are consenting that the product has not been damaged. Please CHECK the product before signing.
If after two attempts, our courier has been unable to deliver goods to you, due to a recipient being unavailable to sign for the goods, or in the case that you did not provide alternate delivery instructions, your order will be returned to us. In this case, a redelivery charge of £33 applies. This charge covers the costs incurred for a failed delivery. This charge must be paid before goods can be dispatched again. Failing this, your order will be refunded, minus a £20 administration and handling fee. These charges exist solely to cover our costs in this instance.
Payment
We take payment from your card at the time we receive your order, once we have checked your card details and stock availability. Goods are subject to availability. In the event that we are unable to supply the goods, we will inform you of this as soon as possible. A full refund will be given where you have already paid for the goods.
The price you pay is the price displayed on this website at the time we receive your order apart from the following one exception:
While we try and ensure that all prices on our website are accurate, errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of goods you have ordered we will inform you as soon as possible and give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat the order as cancelled. If you cancel and you have already paid for the goods, you will receive a full refund.
Payment can be made by any method specified in How to use this website. For information about secure on-line ordering see Security.
Title to any products you order on this website shall pass to you on delivery of the products provided that we have processed and received payment in full for the products.
All prices are shown in pound sterling and include V.A.T. (where applicable) at the applicable current rates but exclude delivery charges, unless expressly stated otherwise (see Home delivery information for further details).
Customers buying from outside the EU will be solely responsible for any Import Duty/Tax charged by their respective countries.
Returns, Cancellations and Substitutions
If for any reason you are not happy with your purchase, or simply decide you no longer want the goods, we offer a 14 day money back guarantee. Items must be in a new and unused condition, complete with all packaging in the state in which it was delivered.
If you wish to return goods for a refund, you must write to us by email to sales@art-of-brewing.co.uk or by post at the address below, within 14 working days of receiving the goods. We must recieve and confirm your refund request prior to you returning the goods.
Where a product meets the requirements of our returns policy, we will refund the cost of the items, including basic delivery charges.
Sometimes the product specifications from the manufacturer may change, in which case we will do our best to offer you a substitute of the same or better quality at the same price. Where applicable, you may cancel your order in accordance with your rights under the Distance Selling Regulations.
All sizes and measurements are approximate but we do try to make sure that they are as accurate as possible.
Once a return has been authorised, we must receive the goods within 28 working days.
Returned goods remain responsibility of customer until received by us. You must take reasonable care when returning goods to ensure they are not damaged in transit.
When returning goods we recommend you use a signed for delivery service, and request that you obtain proof of postage.
Return postage costs are bearable by the customer.
Upon accepting a return request, we will endeavour to refund the cost of the items back to the original purchasing card/account within 30 days.
Faulty Goods
We extend every effort to ensure products arrive in the best possible condition, as advertised. However if goods arrive damaged, with defets, or are not what you ordered we will replace them free of charge or provide a full refund as appropriate.
If goods are identified as faulty, we require you notify us by a durable method, either by email or
letter, to the address below.
In order to more effectively process your replacement or refund we request you return the faulty goods to the address below, within 21 days of us confirming your replacement or refund.
We will endeavour to replace your goods, or refund the original purchasing card/account within 30 days.
We suggest you return faulty goods using signed for delivery service, and request that you obtain proof of postage. This will help us in processing your replacement or refund.
Intellectual Property
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all materials and/or content made available as part of your use of this website shall remain at all times vested in us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by us or our licensors.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within this website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that you may only download such material and content for the purpose of using this website. You further acknowledge that any other use of the material and content of this website is strictly prohibited and you agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
Liability and Indemnity
Nothing in these terms and conditions excludes or limits liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability which may not otherwise be limited or excluded under applicable law.
Subject to Section 7.1 above, Love Brewing will use reasonable endeavours to verify the accuracy of any information on the site but makes no representation or warranty of any kind express or implied statutory or otherwise regarding the contents or availability of the site or that it will be timely or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, reliability of the website Love Brewing will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through the website and Love Brewing accepts no liability of any kind for any loss or damage from action taken or taken in reliance on material or information contained on the site.
Subject to Section 7.1 above, other than as expressly provided in these terms and conditions with respect to specific products and except for the exclusive remedies set out at Section 5 above, any indemnities, warranties, terms and conditions (whether express or implied) are hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law.
Subject to Section 7.1 above, Love Brewing will not be liable, in contract, tort (including, without limitation, negligence), pre-contract or other representations (other than fraudulent on negligent misrepresentations) or otherwise out of or in connection with the terms and conditions for any:
Economic losses (including without limitation loss of revenues, data, profits, contracts, business or anticipated savings); or
Loss of goodwill or reputation; or
Special or indirect losses
Suffered or incurred by that party arising out of or in connection with the provisions of any matter under these terms and conditions.
Notwithstanding the above, subject to Section 7.1 Love Brewing' aggregate liability (whether in contract, tort or otherwise) for loss or damage shall in any event be limited to a sum equal to the amount paid or payable by you for the product(s) in respect of one incident or series of incidents attributable to the same clause.
This clause 7 does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your contract cancellation rights.
We will take all reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
Miscellaneous Provisions
The contract between us shall be governed by the laws of England and any dispute between us will be resolved exclusively in the courts of England. English is the only language offered for the conclusion of the contract.
We have selected our products on the basis that they will be used for domestic use only, if you are planning to use them for business purposes please make sure that you are covered by the appropriate insurance. Where you decide to use the products in the course of a business, we exclude (to the fullest extend permitted by law) those warranties and conditions relating to fitness for a particular purpose. Our maximum liability to business users arising out of or in connection with the products shall be limited to the replacement value of the product in question. In relation to business users, we do not accept liability for the fitness of goods for business purposes, nor do we accept liability for loss of use of the item nor any loss over and above the cost of the item in the event of a claim for breach of warranty or condition.
Love Brewing shall be under no liability for any delay or failure to deliver products or otherwise perform any obligation as specified in these terms and conditions if the same is wholly or partly caused whether directly or indirectly by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.
To provide increased value to our customers, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources.
You may not assign or sub-contract any of your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related order for products to any third party unless agreed upon in writing by Love Brewing.
Love Brewing reserves the right to transfer, assign, novate or sub-contract the benefit of the whole or part of any of its rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related contract to any third party.
If any portion of these terms and conditions is held by any competent authority to be invalid or unenforceable in whole or in part, the validity or enforceability of the other sections of these terms and conditions shall not be affected.
No delay or failure by Love Brewing to exercise any powers, rights or remedies under these terms and conditions will operate as a waiver of them nor will any single or partial exercise of any such powers, rights or remedies preclude any other or further exercise of them. Any waiver to be effective must be in writing and signed by an authorised representative of Love Brewing.
These terms and conditions including the documents or other sources referred to in these terms and conditions supersede all prior representations understandings and agreements between you and Love Brewing relating to the use of this website (including the order of products) and sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and Love Brewing for your use of this website.
We recommend you print out a copy of these terms and conditions for your future reference.
If you have any questions regarding the Art of Brewing website please feel free to contact us.
Store Sections >>>
Beginner's Equipment PacksWine kits - 30 bottle size - PremiumWine kits - 30 bottle size - Mid RangeWine kits - 30 bottle size - BudgetWine kits - 6 bottle sizeAoB 7 Day Wine KitSpirit and Liqueur kits - 6 Bottle SizeAcidsBeer kits - PremiumBeer kits - Mid-rangeBeer kits - BudgetBeer FlavouringsBeer ingredients - SyrupsBeer ingredients - Powders & YeastBeer ingredients - GrainsBeer ingredients - HopsBeer Mashing EquipmentBarrels and AccessoriesBooks and VideosBottling Equip. & AccessoriesCider kitsDried Fruit & FlowersFermentation EquipmentFilters & AccessoriesWineworks Vino Dried Fruit WineFiningsGrape Juice for Country WineHeaters & AccessoriesLabelsMangrove Jack's Craft Series Beer KitsMangrove Jack's Brewers SeriesTest Equipment & AccessoriesMiscellaneous HardwareYeast, Nutrient & EnzymesSteriliser & CleanerWine Presses & AccessoriesWine & Liqueur Flavourings etcWine & Beer AidsVintners Reserve Wine KitsWorld Vineyard Wine Kits
Information >>>
Home
Special Low Prices
Information Pages
New Products >>>
New Products
Lightly Toasted French Oak Sachet 30g
£2.05
Ideal for adding to any alcohol to implant an oak flavour can be used on beer wine or spirit either at the start of fermentation or can be used in the aging process.
Add to Cart
Untoasted Oak Sachet 10g
£1.96
Ideal for adding to any alcohol to implant an oak flavour can be used on beer wine or spirit either at the start of fermentation or can be used in the aging process.
Out of stock