https://www.drivingessentials.com/privacy_and_security.php
800-622-8543
Contact Us
Advanced Search
Driving Essentials, Inc.
for the carriage enthusiast ~ and other fine gifts
Carriages in Stock
All Driving Equipment
Books/DVD
Gifts/Jewelry
Glinkowski Carriages
Home
Charts & Forms
Our Show Schedule
Competition Results
Links & Clubs
Our Location
Shipping
We are here for curbside pick up and to ship online, email, and telephone orders Monday-Friday 9:00-4:00, Saturday 9:00-12:00
Your Privacy
and Security
at Driving Essentials, Inc.
Personal Information
Driving Essentials, Inc. does not sell, rent, or share personal information including
telephone numbers, addresses and e-mail addresses. We will place you on our private
mailing list so that you may receive Driving Essentials, Inc. catalogs and Driving
Essentials, Inc. mailings. If you do not want to receive our catalogs and mailings, please
send e-mail to info@DrivingEssentials.com
Order Form
Our site uses an order form so that you can purchase products. Billing and
Shipping contact information, including email addresses, telephone numbers, mailing and
shipping addresses, credit card data, etc. from the order form are used to send your
orders and information about Driving Essentials, Inc. Your contact information is also
used to get in touch with you if and when necessary. Financial information (credit card
data) that is collected is used to bill you for products and services.
Security
This order system uses the latest SSL Encrypted Security. Therefore, you can be assured
that all your ordering information will be sent safely.
IP Address
Your IP address may be used to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer
our web site. Your IP address also may be used to analyze broad demographic information,
user patterns and site usage.
Policy Updates
Any changes to our policy will be made on this page so that you are always aware of what
information we collect and how we use it.
PRODUCTS
All Driving Equipment
Carriages
Harness
Driving Bits
Driving Whips
Books & Videos
Gifts & Jewelry
Gift Certificates
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Shipping Information
Privacy and Security
Return Policy
Our Location
CONNECT
Videos & Action Shots
Facebook
Instagram
YouTube
USEFUL LINKS
Charts & Forms
Our Show Schedule
Competition Results
Links & Clubs
Site Map
Visit Our
Mobile Site
©1998 - 2020 Driving Essentials, Inc. All rights reserved. The Driving Essentials logo and maker's mark are trademarks of Driving Essentials, Inc.Driving Essentials, Inc. 548 East Main Street, Suite D, New Holland,   PA  17557   USA