https://www.arbortechtools.com/au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain the information we collect about you, how we use or manage this information and share it.
Arbortech respects and does its utmost to protect visitors to our website and our customer’s personal data. Any information collected from our website or information provided by the user will be treated with complete discretion.
To use the Arbortech website the user agrees to the collection and use of their information as documented in Terms and Conditions policy.
Information Collected / What do we do with your information?
To purchase a product from our online store, we collect personal information you provide us with such as name, address and email address. We use this information to process the order and fulfill the sale and our contractual obligation. Personal information provided by the user will be used by Arbortech in the strictest confidentiality to administrate and develop our website.
When you browse our website we also receive your computers internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us to develop and provide our users and customers with an optimized site experience.
Email marketing, with your permission, we may send you emails about our products, store and other updates.
Where the user has provided and authorized their personal information for us, Arbortech will use this data for the specific reasons that the user has provided affirmative consent to.
How do you get my consent?
When you provide your personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place and order or arrange delivery or return of a purchase we imply that you consent to us collecting it and using it for that specific reason only. If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason such as marketing, we will ask you directly for your expressed consent or provide you with an opportunity to decline.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If you have opted-in, and you change your mind you can withdraw your consent for us to contact you for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime. Simply contact us at arbortech@arbortech.com.au or by mailing us directly at:
67 Westchester Road,
Malaga, Perth
Western Australia 6090.
Each email we send you has the option to unsubscribe from future marketing emails.
Information Disclosure / How do we share your data?
We may disclose customer’s information to third parties who assist to process the customer’s order who act for the purpose of assisting in the transaction as agreed by the customer. These third parties include those who facilitate the transaction (contractual obligation) such as banking institutions, payment gateways, freight companies and our overseas Arbortech representatives and counterparts.
We may also disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law or if you violate our Terms and Conditions of Use.
Arbortech exerts the highest practice of confidentiality to our third party vendors to ensure the customer’s information is used correctly and strictly for the purpose of serving the customer as specified and intended. However, certain third party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
Links
Please see below for a list of third party platforms we use a long with a description of why we use them and their associated Privacy Policies.
WordPress – we use WordPress as our primary website, content platform. We will collect user’s personal information through our forms and also our blog as necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with our website. WordPress Privacy Policy
Woocommerce – we use WooCommerce as our eCommerce platform. It will provide the opportunity for customers to create an account at checkout. This feature allows customers to store information for future use such as name, contact details, delivery address etc. WooCommerce Privacy Policy
Google Analytics – we use Google Analytics to better understand user behavior on our website and to inform and make improvements for the user experience. Google Analytics does not collect personal data. Google’s Privacy Policy
Google AdWords – we use Google Adwords and other Google services for advertising purposes such as remarketing through the use of cookies (see section below for more information on how we use cookies). Similar to Google Analytics no personal data is collected. Visit Google’s Privacy Policy for information on data shared by Google to advertisers.
Facebook – we utilise Facebook for advertising purposes, which includes remarketing though the use of cookies (see section below for more information on how we use cookies). No personal data is collected through this service. Facebook Privacy Policy
Mailchimp – we use Mailchimp to obtain subscribers interested in updates regarding Arbortech products, sales and other information. Users can opt-ot of their subscription by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email they receive from us. Mailchimp Privacy Policy
Stripe – we use Stripe to securely process credit card payments (payment gateway) Stripe has been audited by an independent PCI Qualified Security Assessor (QSA) and is certified as a PCI Level 1 Service Provider. This is the most stringent level of certification available in the payments industry. Stripe Privacy Policy
eWay – we use eWay as a secondary option for credit card payments (payment gateway)
Cookies
Cookies are text stored by a user’s internet browser. Arbortech’s website issues cookies to the user’s computer when they visit our site. We also use cookies to provide us insight into website traffic through Google Analytics and determine overall performance and effectiveness of marketing campaigns from such platforms as Facebook and Google Adwords. The user can change their preference to block cookies from our website however this may limit the use of certain features on our website. You can remove your cookie history anytime by visiting your browser’s settings.
Secure Transactions/ How we protect your personal data
All areas of our website are protected with secure connections over “https” technology. All electronic transactions processed on Arbortech’s website are processed through either third parties eWay or Stripe. To uphold the integrity of our customer’s personal information such as credit card details we do not store the customer’s credit card information once the order has been processed.
Accessing and Updating Information
The law warrants the customer to know of any information about them kept by Arbortech at any given time. The customer is permitted to request changes to their details to reflect an accurate record of their information or they may request the entire removal of their information from our database. Please contact us if you wish to make any amendments or removal of your information.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Arbortech Privacy Policy Amendments
Arbortech may make changes to our privacy policy at any time without prior notice. If we make any changes to this policy we will notify you here that it has been updated.
Last updated 23/05/2018