https://www.greenking.com/blog/privacy/
Home Wellness Body Image Food Home & Garden Travel & Transport
PrivacyYour privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.Find us on Facebook Stay in TouchNewsletter* indicates required Name
Email Address *
LATEST POSTS The Use Of Wheatgrass – Find Out If Pets Can Eat ItWellness/April 13, 2020The Ultimate Guide to Snore-free, Natural LivingWellness/July 8, 2019Natural Ways to Increase Your Testosterone LevelsBody Image/March 24, 2019Healthy Weight Loss: How to Shed The Pounds The Green WayBody Image/February 28, 2019Clear as can be: The Eco Ways to Have Better SkinBody Image/February 9, 20195 Pieces of “Health Advice” to Ignore Like The Plague, Experts SayWellness/January 26, 201910 Ways to Boost Your Memory & Focus… The Green Way!Wellness/January 24, 2019Elon Musk reveals The Boring Company’s first tunnel in Los AngelesTravel & Transport/December 20, 2018The Final Straw: What’s All The Fuss About?Food/December 4, 2018Can The Psychedelic Ayahuasca Help Beat Depression?Wellness/August 6, 2018Latest on InstagramAdvertisement