https://www.mountaingear.com/general.html#privacystatement
help-circled
minus
plus
cancel
ok
menu
angle-left
angle-right
angle-left
angle-right
angle-up
angle-down
cart-icon
bread-crumb-close
email-icon
star-icon
You are using a web browser we don't support. Please use the latest version of one of these browsers
Mozilla FireFox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Microsoft IE
GOING OUT OF BUSINESS SALE!
NO RETURNS – ALL SALES ARE FINAL
Home
/
Mountain Gear - General Information
Mountain Gear Information
Click on a section to jump to that section
Contact Us
Best Prices Guarantee
Returns & Exchanges
Help
Privacy Statement
Encryption Information
Cookies
Product Reviews
Magazine Subscriptions
Welcome to the Mountain Gear online store. Inside you'll see features that make shopping easier and give you the tools you need to make better choices about which gear is right for you. You can use order tracking to find out the status of your order.
Offering you more choices and giving you more information are two of the obvious aspects of our site. What you may not notice right away is the community that is Mountain Gear. As a company, we are collectively a group of people who love selling the best gear to be found. We are skiers, climbers, paddlers, cyclists, hikers, world travelers, runners - you name it - we are people who are passionate about playing in the outdoors. As Mountain Gear has grown from a single store to a company with a community of customers around the world, it seemed only natural that we offer more than a place to buy, but a place to be as well. Join us - you'll find opinions, advice, gear, travel and images all bound up in our shared passion for the outdoors. Your adventure starts here.
Contact Us
Physical Address:
6021 E Mansfield
Spokane Valley WA 99212
Customer Service:
Get instant answers M-F from 7am to 5pm PST by using Mountain Gear Live Help. Just click on the red icon at the top right of your screen.
Place an order: 800.829.2009 - M-F from 7am to 5pm PST
Phone number: 509.413.0971 - M-F from 7am to 5pm PST
International: 509.413.0971
Fax: 509.xxx.xxxx
Email: info@mountaingear.com
Problems with the web site: webmaster@mountaingear.com
Best Prices Guarantee
If you find a lower price on the same item in stock at any authorized US dealer, we will gladly match the price up to 14 days after your purchase.
Returns & Exchanges:
Any orders from this point forward are a part of our going out of business promotion; All sales are Final, the items cannot be returned or exchanged. Thank you for 37 great years!
HELP
If you can't find what you're looking for, don't know how to order from mountaingear.com, don't have your password, or have any other questions, please email us at info@mountaingear.com. You can also get instant answers during business hours (M-F from 7am to 5pm PST) by using Mountain Gear Live Help. Just click on the red icon at the top right of your screen. We are here to help, and we love to hear your feedback.
Mountain Gear Privacy Statement
We will never sell, lease, rent or give your email address to anyone without your permission.
Mountain Gear, Inc. understands your concern about how personal information is gathered and used. We present this policy so you can be assured that your personal information is treated in a responsible and safe manner.
Please contact us at any time if you have additional questions.
We track information such as how long you, the anonymous user, have been on our site. We do so only to improve mountaingear.com and your experience with Mountain Gear.
As a Mountain Gear customer you may receive our printed catalog from time to time. With your supplied postal address, we may share your name and address with other companies that have similar product offerings.
Mountain Gear will send you special offers and information that may be of interest to you when you opt in to our email service. At any time, you can "opt out" of receiving offers and messages. To review or update your personal information, to opt out of receiving future messages, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding Mountain Gear or mountaingear.com, please email, call, fax or write us with your request.
Children under 13 - personal information
The Mountain Gear website is not targeted at children, nor does Mountain Gear knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13. If we determine that we have unintentionally collected personal information from an individual under the age of 13, we will delete it from our database and will not use or share the information.
Encryption Features of mountaingear.com
Mountain Gear takes advantage of the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to transmit sensitive data. The Secure Sockets Layer is the industry standard encryption method for safely transferring important data over the internet.
Cookies
Mountain Gear will add a cookie to your shopping path on mountaingear.com. Your identity is kept anonymous. Tracking this information allows us to improve the website and your customer experience.
Customer Product Reviews
We encourage customers to write product reviews for products they have purchased. Your review lets you give your opinion on the performance and quality of our products, and it helps other shoppers like you decide if a particular product is the best choice for them. All customer reviews are approved for content before being posted. Product reviews may be posted on Mountain Gear as well as on Buzzillions.com, a network site that shares reviews with the shopping community. Buzzillions and other 3rd party sites have their own privacy policies - please visit their sites to read their privacy policy.
Subscriptions to Magazines
Mountain Gear provides opportunities to subscribe to select publications. The information submitted will be given only to Mountain Gear and to the publisher of the purchased magazine subscription. Mountain Gear cannot be held responsible for the privacy policy of the publisher(s).
SideArrow