https://www.madrid-tickets.net/privacy
Madrid Tickets
English
Spanish
Menu
Home
Madrid
The Club
Stadium
Accommodation
FAQ
Advantages
Testimonials
Contact
Home /
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The information provided by users on this site will be added to a file belonging to the MADRID EVENTS SERVICES S.L. (hereafter www.madrid-tickets.net) registered in the General Data Protection Register (Data Protection Agency), with the sole purpose of keeping users informed of activities related to the portal www.madrid-tickets.net.
In accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act (Organic Law 15/1999), all users can exercise the right to object to, access, rectify and cancel the data provided, by writing to the following address:
MADRID EVENTS SERVICES S.L.
C/ Canarias 5, 3ºF
28045 Madrid
Spain
The user of the www.madrid-tickets.net portal, after supplying his or her personal details via the order form or e-mail message and accepting its sending, is authorizing www.madrid-tickets.net to process and incorporate the personal details sent in its own file for management, administration and control of the contractual relationship, study and improvement of said services, and for sending information about the products and services and the offers and advantages that www.madrid-tickets.net offers its users.
www.madrid-tickets.net has established the legally required levels of personal data protection and installed all the technical means and measures at its disposal to prevent the loss, incorrect use, alteration, unauthorised access and theft of the data provided. Nevertheless, users must be aware that security is not impregnable on the Internet.
As a general rule,www.madrid-tickets.net will not inform other companies or organisations of the data provided by users. Nevertheless, if this is absolutely necessary for the www.madrid-tickets.net,or any of the other services on the portal to provide a certain service, users will be informed in advance so that they can express their objections. Users are in no way under the obligation to provide their consent to data transfers or communications.
www.madrid-tickets.net reserves the right to modify the present policy after informing users of changes produced in it through this notice.
Ticket package includes
1 Ticket for the match and category selected
1 Madrid city guide
1 Souvenir
Package delivery in Spain
Secure Connection
Your credit card information will be submitted encrypted and protected through a secure connection.
Information
Home — Buy football tickets online for all Real Madrid matches
Madrid — Madrid travel and tourist information
The Club — Real Madrid Football Club, History and honours
Stadium — Santiago Bernabeu, Real Madrid Stadium
Accommodation — Madrid accommodation, hotels & hostels
FAQ — Frequently Asked Questions
Advantages — Why book with Madrid-Tickets.net?
© Copyright 2020, Madrid-Tickets.net. All rights reserved.
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact
Facebook
Twitter
We are a Spanish commercial company, not related to any civic institution, official organizer or football club. Typically the price charged for a ticket is substantially over face value.