http://www.jkadams.com/privacy
X
Sign up now
Stay in the loop with us!
Be the first to hear about new arrivals, special promotions and events.
*For new customers only.
Cannot be combined with other offers.
Please enter a valid email address
PERSONALIZEDPRODUCTS
Cutting &Carving
Cutting Boards
Carving Boards
JK Adams Best Sellers
Wood Conditioner
ServingBoards
Wood Serving Boards
Slate Serving Boards
Marble Utensils
Cheese Boards
Lazy Susans
Novelty Boards
Cheese Knives
Cityscapes Collection
Vintage Illustration Collection
Kitchen& Baking
Rolling Pins
Baking
Coffee Shop
Utensils
Bee's Wrap
Salt and Pepper
Cookbooks
Kitchen Linens
Knives
Water Bottles & Travel Mugs
Lunch
Dining &Tabletop
Lazy Susans
Pottery
Table Linens
Coasters
Serving Utensils
Wine &Storage
Wine Racks
Stemware Racks
Pot Racks
Spice Racks, Jars and Labels
Food &Gifts
FOOD
PERSONALIZED PRODUCTS
Gift Sets
Cocktails
BBQ Shop
HOMEDÉCOR
Soaps & Lotions
Coaster
Pillows
Décor
Candles
SALE
PPE
Shipping Information
Shipping Information
Free Standard Shipping on orders $150+
Free Standard Shipping on orders $150+
Home/...
JK Adams Privacy Policy
JK Adams understands the need for and respects the privacy of our customers. We take it as our responsibility to protect any personal information you provide to us, which may include your name, email address, postal address, or phone number. This privacy policy states how we collect information and how we typically use it to serve you better. We update this policy from time to time, so please check back here if you want the most current information.
Name and E-mail Address
We often collect this information when you sign up for our email list, and we use that list to notify you via email about new products and promotions as well as to provide useful information such as recipes. This data is stored in a secure third-party service and is not shared with other entities. The one exception to this is if you sign up for a contest for which we have industry partner sponsors; in that case we do share your information with our co-sponsors.
Postal Address and Phone Number
This data is typically only collected when you place an order with us and we ship it to you. We store this information in an internal order management system, and again it is secure and not shared with other entities.
Cookies and Third-Party Cookies
As is the case with most websites, we have third-party systems in place that allow us to view how visitors are using our site. These systems also allow us to understand whether you have visited our site before while using the same computer and the same internet browser.
However, the tracking we have in place does not allow us to identify any individual information—only the computer and browser you are using and your approximate location by city and state. This data is aggregated in a reporting interface simply so we can see where our site visitors are coming from and what things on our site interest them most. These systems do not allow collection of any information that would allow us to identify you personally just from a visit to our website.
How to contact us with questions
If you have any questions or concerns, please visit our Contact Us page and get in touch to let us know how we can help you.
Categories
PERSONALIZED PRODUCTS
Cutting and Carving Boards
Serving Boards
Kitchen and Baking
Dining and Tabletop
Wine and Storage
Food and Gifts
Home & Décor
SALE!
Sign up for Emails and Special Offers