http://www.northerngreenhouse.com/products/help/using-cinchstrap.shtml
1-204-327-5540
Northern Greenhouse Sales Inc.
Home
About Us
Products
Woven Poly
Our Superstrong Woven Poly
More About Our Clear Superstrong Polys
Pro Rated Warranty
Clear Polys
Silver/Black and Colored Polys
Pond Liners
Custom Made Tarps
Poly Mulching
Fastening Products
Cinchstrap
Polyfastener
Product Help
Choosing the Right Poly
Polyfastener or Cinchstrap?
Using Polyfastener
Using Cinchstrap
Attaching Poly to Metal-PVC Frame
Fastening Poly to Rafters
Prolong Your Poly Life
Projects & Ideas
Bob's Projects & Ideas
A-Frame Greenhouse
Lean-To Greenhouse
Open Air Mulched Tire Garden
Raised Growing Beds
Rebar Greenhouse
Solar Collectors
Water Trench
Customer Gallery
Pyramid Greenhouse
Five-Sided Greenhouse
Roll-Up Greenhouse
Rebar Greenhouse
Barn to Greenhouse Conversion
Pond and Waterfall
Fish Pond
Boat Shed
Clear Sails
Painted Sails
Skywalk
Clair Schwan's Greenhouses
Catalog
Request Sample
Order
Order Online
Price Charts
Pay Your Bill
Testimonials
Contact Us
- product help -
Using Cinchstrap
Cinchstrap is a flexible but tough and durable flat plastic lath. It has a clean white color. It is 1 3/8" wide and made of high-density
poly, exactly the same material used in our Polyfastener, but thinner.
Uses For Cinchstrap
Securing Poly To Rafters, Studs Or Perimeters
Many prefer Cinchstrap instead of wooden lath. Cinchstrap looks better, does not need painting and is easy to cut with scissors. (I don't like sawing wood lath, I would rather
have fun mulching my garden).
Abrasion Reducer Beneath The Poly
If the poly flaps in the wind and rubs against rough unsanded wooden studs or rafters accelerated weathering of the poly occurs. So sand those rafters. In addition to or instead
of sanding some nail Cinchstrap onto the rafters, so that the smooth Cinchstrap reduces abrasion. Some commercial greenhouse owners use strips of our woven poly instead, as
batten tape beneath the main poly cover. That's great! You can make your own out of our woven poly, but Cinchstrap lasts longer. If Cinchstrap is employed for both uses #1 and #2,
then the poly is protected on both sides like a slice of cheese between two slices of bread. (But without the mustard!)
Tenson Strap To Reduce Flapping
It is recommended to stretch some form of strap over the arches of greenhouses if the poly is attached only along the perimeter but not nailed to the rafters. (E.g. on Quonset
greenhouses) Otherwise, the poly may flap in strong winds. Our Cinchstrap can be installed about every eight feet or so along the length to control flapping. Cinchstrap will
dampen or baffle the flutter. This reduces stress on the poly around the perimeter. It's an extra safety precaution during high winds, much like securing a truck tarp to control
flapping. This may not work in hurricane force winds! Cinchstrap gets nailed securely down at one end, then thrown over the top across the width of the greenhouse and nailed down
securely at the other side. When installing, stretch and pull it tightly like a gigantic rubber band. Use LARGE-headed long shingle nails. Cinchstrap is smooth against the poly,
attractive, strong, tough, flexible and easy to work with.
Cinchstrap Frames For "Instant" Repairs & Privacy Windows!
When the glass breaks in our shed or outbuilding windows I simply quickly re-cover with woven poly. I get tired of finding and cutting strips of wood to tack the poly to the
frame and anyway I don't like the bother of painting each strip. So one day I tried using Cinchstrap and boy did it go fast! It took me just a few minutes! And it looked neat
with its bright white profile. Just snip each piece with sharp scissors and tack down with shingle nails or smaller. I did some quick storm windows (our woven poly) on the house
with it too. Woven poly is great on storm windows where you want privacy, like the bathroom, since you're not there to look outside anyway! That extra layer of woven poly on the
outside cuts heat loss and frost on the inside of the window.
Attaching "Temporary" Poly Windows
If you use small-headed finishing nails to hold down the Cinchstrap then in spring you can just give a strong yank and the Cinchstrap will pull away with a snap. The strap can be
reused if you are careful taking it off.
Privacy Screen Or Windscreen Fencing
Cinchstrap can be woven in and out of a chain link fence, blocking the wind and providing privacy
Other Uses
Cinchstrap is handy for securing plastic to plant benches and we use it to hold down the woven poly to the ceiling and four walls inside our chicken shed.
This keeps our shed
airtight and warmer and protects the insulation from the water vapor given off from the chickens.
There are many other uses for Cinchstrap. Let us know what you come up with that's new.
Installation
Cut off desired length using a Stanley knife or sharp scissors, nail down one end, pull it as tight as possible until it stretches a bit, then nail down the other end, and then
nail in between. Pulling it tightly prevents stretching in hot weather. If, like us, you get high winds and buffeting, then use long large-headed roofing nails to prevent the
Cinchstrap from tearing out at the nail points.
How To Re-Use
If your winds are not high, and you want the Cinchstrap nailed down for only a short time, and if you want to re-use it again, just nail every few inches with very small headed
nails such as finishing nails. Later you'll be able to pull it out (using a strong quick jerk) with no damage except for the small nail holes. The Cinchstrap is broad enough to
re-nail.
More information about Cinchstrap
Before Ordering:
Please see our
Vital Measurements
chart for important ordering and measurement information.
Measuring & Custom Sizing Info
|
Prices & Order Info
|
Get Our Catalog
|
Order Online
Need help with PDFs?
Home |
About Us |
Products |
Projects & Ideas |
Catalog |
Request Sample |
Order |
Testimonials |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
Delivery Policy
© Northern Greenhouse Sales 2003 -
2020.
All Rights Reserved
— Last Updated December 5 —
published by Precision Design Co.