https://www.apqs.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Home » Privacy policy
Your privacy is very important to us.
Last modified: August 1, 2018
Introduction
APQS International Inc. respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.apqs.com and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
APQS offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by APQS or any third party; or any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the Website
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us using the Contact Information below.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, or telephone number.
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us.
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies from Google Analytics and Quantcast.
Information You Provide to Us.  The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties. Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.  As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not include personal information but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
For more information about cookies our Cookie Policy, please click here.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from APQS. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by APQS to promote our products or services, you can opt-out by sending us an email stating your request using the Contact Information below. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to APQS as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by using the Contact Information below to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us. We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Your personal data is stored on Company servers, and the servers of cloud-based database management services that the Company engages, located in the United States. The Company retains data for the duration of your relationship with the Company and for a period of time thereafter to use account information for future transactions, to analyze the data for the Company’s own operations, and for historical and archiving purposes associated with the Company’s business. For more information on where and how long your personal data is stored, and for more information on your rights of erasure and portability, please contact the Company’s data protection officer at using the Contact Information below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Special Note to International Users
By using the APQS Website, you agree and acknowledge that the Website is hosted in the United States.  If you are attempting to access the Website from a physical location within the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website, which is governed by U.S. law, and this Privacy Policy, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and, except as may be required by other applicable rules, regulations, case law, and/or international treaties resulting in the application of the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United States or the State of Iowa, you consent to (i) such transfer, (ii) the application of the laws of the United States and/or the State of Iowa with respect to any dispute arising from or related to the Privacy Policy and/or your use of the Website and (iii) the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Iowa and the federal courts sitting in Des Moines, Iowa.  Any claim or dispute between you and us that arises in whole or in part from your use of the Website or in connection with the Privacy Policy shall be decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Des Moines, Iowa, U.S.A.  Each party hereby agrees that such court shall have personal jurisdiction and venue with respect to such party, and each party hereby submits to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waives any objection based on inconvenient forum.
For European Union residents:  Information we collect from you will be processed in the United States.  The United States has not sought nor received a finding of “adequacy” from the European Union under Article 45 of the GDPR.  We rely on derogations for specific situations as set forth in Article 49 of the GDPR.  In particular, we collect and transfer to the U.S. personal data only with your consent, to perform a contract with you, or to fulfill a compelling legitimate interest of the Company in a manner that does not outweigh your rights and freedoms.  The Company endeavors to apply suitable safeguards to protect the privacy and security of your personal data and to use it only consistent with your relationship with the Company and the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, or for any other Website question or complaint, contact our data protection officer.  The data protection officer’s name and contact information are as follows:
APQS Co-Owner: Jim Langland [email]
23398 Hwy 30 East
Carroll, IA 51401 USA
Phone: 800.426.7233
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Privacy Policy
reCAPTCHA V2
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
Privacy Policy
Quantcast Analytics
Quantcast Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Quantcast Inc.  Quantcast utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Quantcast services.
Privacy Policy
InfusionSoft
Infusionsoft is a private company that offers e-mail marketing and a customer relation management platform for small businesses. If you opt-in to receive emails from APQS, your information is stored by Infusionsoft. To stop receiving email communications, simply unsubscribe, at which time you will have the choice to have your personal information completed removed from Infusionsoft.
Privacy Policy
Contact us
This website uses cookies for analytics, personalization and advertising. To learn more or change your cookie settings, please read our cookie policy. By continuing to browse, you agree to our use of cookies. See our cookie policy.
Got it!
Locate Retailer
Download Brochure
Sign up for Email
Request a Quote