http://www.rv-partsplus.com/privacy-policy
1-877-266-5398
Menu (Click on the white bars to open)
HOME
PRODUCTS
Radio Controlled Clocks and Radios
RVing FuseSwitch™
Accessories
Towing Systems
RV Books
Braking Systems
Protect All Slide-Out Products
LED Lighting
Maintenance Lubricants
Rally Specials (US)
CDN Rally Specials
RESOURCES
RVing FuseSwitch™ Info
Towing Systems Info
Braking Systems Info
Other Helpful Resources
Seminar Info
LINKS
BLOGS
Rob's Blog
Our Travel Blog
ORDERING
CONTACT
TECH TIPS
HOME / Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What this privacy policy covers
This policy covers how RV Parts Plus treats personal information that RV Parts Plus collects and receives, including information related to your purchase and use of RV Parts Plus products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that RV Parts Plus does not own or control, or to people that RV Parts Plus does not employ or manage.
Information, collection and use
General
RV Parts Plus collects personal information when you purchase from RV Parts Plus. RV Parts Plus may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies.
When you purchase we ask for information such as your name, address, postal/zip code, telephone number(s) and email address and if you use a credit card we collect your account and verification number and credit card expiry date. Once you purchase from RV Parts Plus you are not anonymous to us.
RV Parts Plus collects information about your transactions with us including information about your purchase of products and services that we offer.
RV Parts Plus uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for additional products and services, to improve our services, to contact you, to conduct research, and to provide anonymous reporting for internal and external purposes.
RV Parts Plus maintains strict privacy of all personal information.
We do maintain records of our customers for marketing purposes.
We NEVER provide personal information to third parties without your permission.
We do not share or sell our mailing lists.
We will keep you informed of new products and services that may be of interest to RV-ers.
By providing us with your name, address, telephone number(s) and email address you agree to allow that information to be added to our marketing database.
We will remove your name from those lists promptly, upon request.
All credit card documents are retained as required by the financial institutions for a minimum of one year, and are only retained if required by government regulation for business tax purposes.
Related Pages
Ordering
Privacy Policy
Ordering and Return Policy Privacy Links Contact
Design by Lifeline Design
All orders placed are charged in the Currency of the Store