http://www.memorabilia-uk.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
1. Purpose of our Privacy & Cookie Policy
Our Privacy & Cookie Policy forms part of our Terms of Use and sets out what personal data and other information (together called personal information) we collect and how it will be used and to make sure that your personal information is collected and used fairly. Before providing us with any personal information please read our Privacy Policy carefully.
By using our site and/or providing us with personal information you are agreeing to the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you do not want your personal information to be used in the ways set out here please do not use our site or submit personal information to us through it.
2. Identity of the Data Controller
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 the (the Act), the data controller is Memorabilia UK, PO BOX 225, Gainsborough, Lincolnshire, DN21, 5WT.
3. What Personal Data We Collect
We will collect the personal data included in emails you send to us, from material posted by you on our site, from online forms which you complete and from any other ways you communicate with us. Such personal data may include, but will not be limited to name, address, email address, telephone number and other personal details. Some information you will have to provide and giving other information is voluntary. We will make it clear which personal data you have to give at the point of collection.
4. What Other Information We Collect
In addition to the personal data we collect as explained above, we may collect other information about your visits to our site and about your computer. Such other information collected may include, but will not be limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, the resources that you access, when you access our site, when you leave our site, your IP address, your operating system and browser type. This other information is collected by cookies, please see below for more details in relation to cookies.
5. How We Use The Personal Information
We will use such personal information collected:
a. to enable us to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
b. to supply you with information you have requested;
c. to respond to queries, suggestions or complaints;
d. to provide you with information on our products and services and to conduct competitions, surveys and market research (including by email and other electronic methods if you have chosen to receive marketing material by such methods) unless you have opted out of receiving such information;
e. to allow you to participate in any interactive part of our site if you choose to do so;
f. for administration purposes (including your access to our site);
g. to help personalise your experience of our site;
h. to monitor the use of our site;
i. to collate, analyse and report on aggregate, anonymised personal information about users of our site; and to maintain our business records and keep a record of all the above activities.
7. Cookies
Please see our separate Cookie Policy document here.
8. Security and Storage of Your Personal Information
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. We will of course comply with our legal obligations but we are unable to guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our site therefore any transmission is at your risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use appropriate procedures and security features to guard against unauthorised access.
Our site offers auto-completion facilities for forms, passwords and payment details. In some situations this could leave you vulnerable, for example, if your mobile device or computer is stolen. You can adjust your auto-complete settings on your browser if you do not want them to apply.
As mentioned above in relation to cookies the data that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area, including but not limited to in the United States of America and other countries where data protection and privacy protection may be lower. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the European Economic Area who work for us or one of our suppliers (including Google). By using our site and/or providing us with personal information you are agreeing to this transfer, storing and processing.
9. Your Personal Information and Third Parties
We shall not release the personal information we collect to any third parties unless:
a. It is to Google as set out above;
b. we are obliged or permitted to do so by law;
c. we need to in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions of use and/or other agreements between us;
d. material uploaded or posted by you on our site violates the rights of a third party;
e. we need to, to protect ourselves, our group companies, customers, the public and/or property (which may include us exchanging personal information and other information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction);
f. if fraud or other criminal conduct is suspected (in which case we may disclose personal information to the police and other relevant authorities);
g. we have your consent to do so;
h. it is necessary to do so to provide the products and services chosen by you;
i. we sell any of our business assets we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller of such business assets; and/or
j. we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our customers will be one of the transferred assets.
10. Advertisers
We will not disclose personal data to our advertisers, but we may provide them with other aggregate anonymised information about users of our site. We may also use such aggregate anonymised information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to a particular target audience.
11. Links To Other Websites
Our site may from time to time contain links to websites of advertisers, affiliates and websites we feel may be of interest to you. If you follow links to other websites please note that these websites may or may not have a privacy policy of their own for which we do not accept any responsibility. Please check how these websites use your information and personal information before your submit anything to them.
12. Your Rights
You have the right to opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time. To exercise this right contact our team by email on enquiries@memorabilia-uk.co.uk.
The Act gives you the right to access details of the personal data held about you which can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a small administration fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the personal data we hold about you.
You also have a right to complain to the Information Commissioner if you believe there is a problem with the way we use your personal data. Please see ico.gov.uk for details.
13. Contact Us
If any information which you have provided us becomes inaccurate or out of date or if you have any questions or concerns about the personal information or other information we hold about you and how we use it, please contact our team by email on enquiries@memorabilia-uk.co.uk.
14. Changes to this Privacy & Cookie Policy
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we make changes, we shall update the version number of the policy and publish the latest policy on our site. We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit our site. If you do not want your data to be used in the way the updated Privacy Policy sets out please do not use our site or submit personal information to us through it. We will not make changes to the purposes for which we process your personal information or reduce the level of protection we provide for your personal information without your consent.
Search
View prices in
£
€
$
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email Address
*
In my nearly 20 years of autograph collecting, I have dealt with every major auction house and autograph dealer worldwide. I can safely say that there is only one person who manages to combine the great knowledge of the subject with impeccable integrity.
Alex Pritsker, NJ, USA
Read more testimonials
© 2014 - 2020 Memorabilia UK
TJS Web Design Lincolnshire