https://www.gigisdolls.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Gigis Dolls uses and protects any information that you give Gigis Dolls when you use this website. Gigis Dolls is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Gigis Dolls may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at gigisdolls@aol.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 6029 NW HWY
Chicago, IL 60101.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Categories
Dolls for Sale
Antique BISQUE Dolls
All Bisque
Antique & Vintage CLOTH DOLLS
Antique FRENCH DOLLS
Antique GERMAN DOLLS
Antique JAPANESE DOLLS
Other Antique Dolls
VINTAGE & COLLECTIBLE Dolls
Barbie, Vintage
Betsy McCall
Celebrities
Characters
Cloth Dolls, Vintage
Composition Dolls
Effanbee
Ginny
Hard Plastic / Vinyl Dolls
Kathe Kruse
Madame Alexander
Vintage Alexanders
NASB Dolls
Shirley Temple
MODERN Dolls: Barbie, Cloth, Steiff
Adora
American Girl
Annalee Dolls
Annette Himstedt
Artist Dolls
Ashton Drake
Romeo & Juliet
Older Ashton Drake Dolls
Delilah Noir
Hannah Montana
Babies
Disney
Ball Jointed Dolls
Goodreau BJD
Ruby Red Galleria BJD
Ashton Drake BJD
Volks BJD
Monster High by Mattel
Make It Mine, MIM
Barbie Dolls/Mattel
Vintage Skipper Clothing
Vintage Francie Clothing
Barbie Clothing
Vintage Barbie Clothes
Vintage Barbie Dolls
Newer Barbie Dolls
Vintage Ken Clothing
Cloth Dolls, Modern
Disney
Fantasy/Anime
Fashion Dolls
Gene
Harley Davidson
Heidi Ott
Helen Kish
Heloise
Integrity Dolls / Fashion Royalty
Integrity Toys 2016 Supermodel Convention
American Horror Story Coven
Fashion Royalty
Color Infusion
Tulabelle
Funny Face
2015 Cinematic FR Convention
Gloss Convention Dolls
Poppy Parker
Nu Face
The Industry
Fashion Fairytale Convention 2017
Integrity 2018 Luxe Life Convention
2019 Integrity Toys Convention
2020 FR Convention
J. C. Toys - Berenger
Madame Alexander
Alex - Madame Alexander Doll
Newer Madame Alexander Dolls
Coquette - Madame Alexander Dolls
Baby Huggums - Madame Alexander Dolls
Pussycat and Victoria - Madame Alexander Dolls
Madeline
Maree Massey
Miscellaneous Items
Nesting Dolls
Raggedy Ann & Andy
R. John Wright
Robert Tonner
Golden Compass
Gowns By Anne Harper
Re-Imagination
Tiny Kitty Collier
Annie Warbucks
Convention Dolls
Sydney
Chicago
Bewitched
Merrilee
Hollywood Glamour
Patsy
Porcelain Dolls
Precarious
Spiderman
Harry Potter
Agnes Dreary
Betsy McCall
Cinderella
Regina Collection
Tyler Wentworth
Alice In Wonderland
Antionette
Cami & Jon
Monica Merrill
Dick Tracy
Pirates of the Caribbean
American Models
DC Stars
Wizard Of Oz
Other Tonner Dolls
Evangeline Ghastly
Brenda Starr
Ruby Red Galleria BJD
Sasha
Steiff Dolls
Strawberry Shortcake Dolls
Doll ACCESSORIES: Furniture, Misc.
1/4" Scale Doll Houses
Doll Stands
Doll Size Furniture
Re-Ment/Miniatures
Vintage Jewelry, Purses & Glasses - Doll Accessories
Musical Instrument Doll Accessories
Radio Flyer Doll Accessory
Doll House Miniatures
Doll Tea Sets
New & Vintage PAPER Dolls
NEW Paper Dolls
VINTAGE Paper Dolls
Stuffed Teddy Bears
Antique & Vintage Schoenhut Animals for Sale
Collectible & Antique Artist Bears for Sale
Muffy & Hoppy Teddy Bears for Sale
Raikes Bears & Collectibles
Steiff Animals
Steiff Bears
Collectible Winnie The Pooh R. John Wright Bears for Sale
Doll Clothing for Sale
Madame Alexander Clothing
American Girl Size Clothing
Vintage Skipper Clothes
Vintage Francie Doll Clothes
Tonner Clothing (Other than Tyler)
Miscellaneous Doll Clothing
Barbie Doll Clothing
Tyler Clothing by Tonner
Vintage Ken Doll Clothing
Vintage Barbie Clothing
Integrity Doll Clothing and Accessories
Gene & Madra Clothing
Our New Arrivals!
Upcoming Events!
ON SALE: Dolls & Teddy Bears
Doll Hospital
Books
Comments
Get Social
Go Ahead, Ask Us
Take a look at the list of manufacturers' merchandise we carry. Don't see what you're looking for? Give us a call and we might be able to help. For 30 years we have been serving the needs and wishes of doll collectors world wide - come join our family.
Gigi's Dolls & Sherry's Teddy Bears Inc.
6029 N Northwest Hwy, Chicago, IL 60631
773-594-1540
Contact Us
Contact Information
* Required Fields
*Name
*Email
Telephone
*Comment
Submit
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
© 2016 Gigi's Dolls. All Rights Reserved.