https://www.learningaboutdogs.com/terms/
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
About
Join
My COURSES
0 Items
Terms and Conditions
By using any services offered by Learning About Dogs Ltd., you agree to adhere to the Terms and Conditions stated in this document.
These Terms and Conditions apply to all services offered by Learning About Dogs Ltd., including:
Memberships to Learning About Dogs community
Online Forums
Courses (with or without membership)
Workshops / Seminar / presentations
Books & Videos
Principles of the Learning About Dogs Community
If you join our membership, you will be expected to share our principles of living with and training dogs –
based on science and understanding
with empathy and thoughtfulness
reinforced with passion, joy and enthusiasm.
We believe in the rights of dogs to be trained and able to enjoy a suitable lifestyle. We believe in learner-centric training, where neither the dog’s or person’s welfare or well-being is compromised for the benefit of the other.
Equal Opportunity
Learning About Dogs is a global community with a common set of principles. We encourage diversity in students and staff members in regard to race, colour, religion, national origin, political affiliation, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, age, and other status.
Courses
Courses are open for all types of people interested in learning about dogs, from anywhere in the world. If a course has a specific prerequisite this will be detailed. Some courses require activities with a dog, or other suitable animal, on a regular basis.
Courses may be limited to a specific number of participants, and may or may not include learners who are not seeking feedback on their own training progress.
Membership is not required to enrol in courses.
Course Format
Global group learning brings a richness to the experience where different lifestyles, different learners and relationships will share their journey.
Our courses encourage self-directed learning and critical thinking. Our goal is for you to develop a new mind-set that will project forward to every dog you share your life with in the future. There is very little space for branded training recipes, off the shelf solutions or quick-fixes.
What you get out of studying in this environment depends on your personal investment. As your “inner learner” awakens, you may begin to have serious thought processes whilst you do the housework, walk the dog, drive and try to get to sleep.
As a student, you will be expected to have internet access. You will also need the ability to video, edit and upload your training sessions to our website. Personal tutors within the course can assist with technology. On some of our courses, individual learning activities (ILAs) you complete will be reviewed directly by the course assessor.
Certifications
Each course will provide details of certification and what is required. Certification may vary from acknowledging attendance to participation. Certificates may be based on providing evidence of competency.
Online Forums
Forums are available on both the Learning About Dogs Community Site (https://www.learningaboutdogs.com/members) and Virtual Courses (https://virtual.learningaboutdogs.com/)
If you use Forums on the site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these Forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these Forums. In addition, all users of our forums must adhere to the provisions of our “Forum User Conduct” section.
Forum User Conduct
Learning About Dogs websites may contain intellectual property and personally identifiable information. All information, data, text, messages, photos, video and other materials (“Content”), whether publicly or privately posted, are the sole responsibility of the person who posted the Content.
You are expected to adhere to copyright law. Do not post Content that you do not own and do not have explicit permission to post.
You are expected to adhere to privacy laws for personally identifiable information.
Do not copy or otherwise share Content (text, photos, video, screen shots of forum posts, etc.) without explicit permission from the Content owner and person(s) identified in the Content.
Workshop Attendance
Please do not bring your dog to a workshop if unwell, as some diseases (particularly kennel cough) are highly infectious. Please do not bring bitches in season.
If you are unable to bring your dog, you can still attend as a spectator, and maintain the option to transfer your place to the next similar event.
Workshop and Course Refunds
Refunds for workshops and courses can only be given if notification is more than: 3 months before: 100%; 28 days before: 75%.
Where possible we will try to transfer you onto a similar course. Refunds and transfers administration fee is £5.
Privacy Policy
For information about what information we hold about you, and how we use and keep your information safe, please see our Privacy Policy.
Get in touch
Name
Email Address
Message
About
Join
Newsletter
Privacy
Terms & Conditions