https://www.frenchmarketcoffee.com/privacy-policy
Find a Store
Contact
Since 1890
Our Coffee
Recipes
Blog
Videos
Buy Now
Find a Store
Contact
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage, at the bottom of each page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
E-mail Address
Phone Number
Fax Number
Company Name
On some pages, you may submit information about other people. For example, if you refer a page on our site to a recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s e-mail address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
E-mail Address
Message
The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself in various forms on our website only for the purpose stated on the form. We do not share this information with outside parties. We use the information you provide about someone else in the same manner.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Newsletters
Information you provide about yourself when you register for our e-mail newsletter is used to distribute our newsletter. At a minimum we require your e-mail address, and possibly other information. We will not send this newsletter to you unless you’ve subscribed or someone has subscribed you to our newsletter. At anytime you should not want to receive our newsletter, we provide an opt-out form on the subscribe page that allows you to remove yourself from our distribution list.
Contests
Information you provide about yourself when you register for our contests is used to manage the contest and contact you in the case you are a winner. At a minimum we require your e-mail address, and possibly other information.
Jobs
Information you provide about yourself when you apply for a job on our website is used in the application review and hiring process. Your resume and other information provided will be maintained as confidential as disclosed on the application form.
Page Referrals
Whenever you refer a page to a third party from within our website, we collect e-mail information from you and the third party. This information is used solely in analysis reporting to our administrators, and will not be used for any other purpose.
Event Registration
In some cases we provide online registration for events, as well as online payment. Information you provide about yourself in these forms is used for the sole purpose of event registration and payment.
Our Use of Cookies
Our website uses cookies to enhance navigation of this site and for presenting information to you in a non-intrusive manner. We also use cookies to track and record traffic patterns through our website and provide this information in management reports. This information is used by our website administrators to improve the usability of this website, to improve content on the site and to improve performance.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by e-mailing the site’s administrator noted in the Contact section of our website. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. Please provide us as much relevant information as possible. This will better help us satisfy your request.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please refer to our Contact section for a phone number or e-mail address.
Sign up for emails
Subscribe
reilyproducts.com
Foodservice
Sustainable Cup
Privacy Policy
Contact
Careers
FOLLOW US
© 2020 Reily Foods Company