http://www.oldtimecandy.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Return to Shop
My Bag
{property.name}:
Upload Succesful
{property.value}
FREE
-
+
x
Remove
Your bag is currently empty.
Continue browsing here.
Giving Back
Donate to help build water wells in Africa.
A small donation of just $1.00 or $2.00, the cost of a single bottle of water, will have an impact. Learn more
$2
$1
$3
$4
$5
hide gift options
Customize gift message and delayed delivery options.
Complementary Hand-Written Gift Card (Optional)
Complementary Hand-Written Gift Card
100 Characters Remaining
Save Message
Delay Shipping (Optional)
A minimum of one week’s notice is required.
Desired Arrival Date
Confirm Date
hide gift options
Rewards Earned
0 Candy Coins
Include shipping protection for only $0.98 extra. Learn More
Subtotal ( items)
$0.00
Skip to content
WALK THE CANDY AISLE
100 Grand Bar
3 Musketeers Bar
5th Avenue Bar
Abba Zaba
Abra Cabubble by Brach's
Airheads
Almond Joy
Andes Mints
CANDY BY DECADE
Pre 1920s
1920s
1930s
1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
View All Decades
CANDY BY FLAVOR
Almond
Banana
Butter Rum
Butterscotch
Caramel
Cherry
Chocolate
Cinnamon
Licorice
Peanut Butter
View All Flavors
CANDY BY TYPE
Made in the USA
Bubble Gum & Chewing Gum
Candy Bars
Candy Cigars & Cigarettes
Candy Drops
Candy Sticks
Caramel
Chewy Candy
Cotton Candy
Licorice
Lollipops & Suckers
View All Candy By Type
CANDY BY OCCASION
Christmas
Happy Holidays
Birthday
Thank You
Any Occasion
Get Well Soon
Anniversary
Graduation
Halloween
View All Candy by Occasion
CANDY GIFTS
Candy Assortments
Corporate Gifts Collection
Personalized Candy Bar Wrappers
Subscription Boxes
Pack-a-Bag of Candy
Candy Gift Mugs
Party Favors
Lunch Boxes with Candy
Chocolate Roses Bouquets
View All Candy Gifts
CANDY ASSORTMENTS
BULK CANDY
PACK-A-BAG
RETRO TOYS
Menu
CANDY FOR YOU
PHONE ORDERS
WALK THE CANDY AISLE
CANDY BY DECADE
CANDY BY FLAVOR
CANDY BY TYPE
CANDY BY OCCASION
CANDY GIFTS
CANDY ASSORTMENTS
BULK CANDY
PACK-A-BAG
RETRO TOYS
Phone Orders
Login / Register
My Bag
Terms & Conditions
Login or create an account to earn Rewards Points for sharing!
Earn Rewards Points for sharing!
1. Privacy Policy
The Old Time Candy Company respects the privacy of our customers. Your personal information including name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information will never be shared with anyone for any reason.
2. 100% Money-Back Guarantee
We are confident that you will love Candy you ate as a kid® If you are not satisfied with your purchase, we offer a full 100% money back guarantee. A brief explanation is appreciated (but not necessary) and will help us improve our products and service.
EXCEPTIONS:
We cannot be responsible for candy ordered in error. We cannot be responsible for late, missing, or damaged UPS shipments unless we make a mistake. We will cooperate in every way to help you track your package and obtain a refund.
For a full refund, including your initial shipping charges, simply return your candy within 14 days of receipt to the Old Time Candy Company; 350 Commerce Drive East; LaGrange, OH 44050.
Make sure to include the buyers complete name and address to insure the proper credit. Your credit card will be refunded within 5 business days after receipt of the candy and an email confirmation will be sent to you. If you paid by check or money order, we will send you a check within 5 business days.
3. Use of the Website
The Old Time Candy Company has taken every reasonable effort to ensure the accuracy of content provided on this website. The Old Time Candy Company makes no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise with respect to accuracy or safety of any items or information contained within this website, including, but not limited to price, representation, specification, or potential hazard of any item.
Occasionally there may be information on oldtimecandy.com that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you.
Manufacturers often make changes to products and/or packaging without notice. Our product photography represents typical product offerings. The products you receive may be slightly different in size and/or colors. We make every effort to keep our photographs current.
The Old Time Candy Company reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders containing any error, inaccuracy or omission, whether or not the order has been submitted, confirmed and/or your credit card has been charged. If your credit card has been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, the Old Time Candy Company shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card.
We reserve the right to refuse or limit quantities on any order for any reason at any time. If your credit card has been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, the Old Time Candy Company shall promptly issue a credit to your credit card.
If you use this website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the information you submit through "My Account" and the corresponding password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree that you will use only your password and you will take reasonable precautions to protect its secrecy.
ALL PRICES AND AVAILABILITY ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. Our policies may at any time change as conditions warrant.
4. Payment Options
We accept payment in advance by PayPal or major credit card - Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. We accept money orders and checks from US banks. Orders paid with checks will be held until the check clears our bank which is roughly 2 weeks. First-time orders must be shipped to the billing address using ground shipping.
5. Return Policy
NON-PERSONALIZED CANDY PRODUCTS (2 CHOICES):
You must contact the Old Time Candy Company for instructions before returning any item.
Return the candy unopened within 2 weeks of purchase in exchange for candy of equal or greater value with new shipping charges. There are no exceptions to the 2 week policy.
Return the candy unopened within 2 weeks of purchase for a refund. There are no exceptions to the 2 week policy. There is a 10% restocking charge.
After receiving instructions, send the candy at your expense to the Old Time Candy Company, 350 Commerce Drive East, LaGrange, OH 44050. Include a copy of your packaging slip with reference number to insure proper credit. Return boxes must be properly packed and include frozen Ice-Brix (if included original shipping box) to prevent melting. We cannot accept opened, damaged or melted candy.
Once the returned product is received we will issue a refund minus original shipping charges (our actual charges if the order was over $250) and 10% restocking charge.
PERSONALIZED AND CUSTOM CANDY PRODUCTS:
Candy assortments with personalized box tops cannot be returned. Custom party favors cannot be returned.
6. Late, Lost or Damaged Delivery
We cannot be responsible for late, lost or damaged deliveries by UPS. We will cooperate with you in every way to track your package and file a claim if necessary. If we make a mistake with the address, we reserve the right to issue a refund or reship.
If an incorrect address was provided by the person placing the order, a duplicate order must be placed with additional charges. We will issue a refund if the candy is recovered in resalable condition. You must report the problem to us within 2 weeks after receipt of the order.
7. Order Errors
If we make a mistake in your shipment, we reserve the right to issue a refund, issue a store credit or to replace your candy. You must report the problem to us within 2 weeks after receipt of the order.
8. Melted Candy
During hot weather one or more Ice-Brix refrigerant gel-packs will be added to your order at no additional charge. If there is a problem we will either reship the candy (if you will provide us with a address where someone will be present to accept delivery) or issue a refund. You must report the problem within 2 business days after receipt of the order.
9. Applicable Law
If you access this website from anywhere in the United States or Canada, you agree that the laws of the state of Ohio will govern these terms and conditions. Additionally, you agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the Court of Common Pleas, Lorain County, Ohio with respect to any disputes or claims.
10. Limitation on Liability
We cannot be responsible for damage arising from the operation, content or use of our website. Additionally, we are not responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use or the inability to use our website, including but not limited to, your reliance on information obtained at the website, or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance.