http://www.sbtontheweb.com/privacy.htm
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Engines & Crankshafts
SBT New 4-Stroke Premium Engines
Sea-Doo
Yamaha
SBT New 4-Stroke Standard Engines
Sea-Doo
Yamaha
Premium Engines
Sea-Doo
Kawasaki
Polaris
Yamaha
Tigershark
Honda
Standard Engines
Sea-Doo
Kawasaki
Polaris
Yamaha
Tigershark
Honda
Crankshafts
Sea-Doo
Kawasaki
Polaris
Yamaha
Tigershark
Honda
Woodruff Keys
Cylinder/ Head Exchange
4 Stroke Cylinder Head Exch.
4 Stroke Cylinder Head Parts
Sea-Doo
Kawasaki
Yamaha
Honda
2 Stroke Cylinder Exchange
Sea-Doo
Kawasaki
Polaris
Yamaha
Tigershark
Single
Engine Parts/Tools
Top End Kits
Piston Kits & Rings
Rods & Bearings
Motor Mounts
Cylinder Sleeves
Sea-Doo Intercooler
Supercharger & Oil Pump Kits
Exhaust Valve Parts
Tools & Shop Supplies
Cables
Steering Cables
Reverse Cables
Throttle Cables
Choke Cables
Trim Cables
Jet Boat Cables
Pump Parts
Jet Pump Housings
Driveline Shafts
Driveline Rebuild Kits
Jet Pump Rebuild Kits
Wear Rings
Adonis
Solas Products
Impellers & Accessories
Pump Part Miscellaneous
Gaskets
Complete Gasket Kits
Installation Gasket Kits
Top End Gasket Kits
Crankshaft End Seal Kits Sort By:
Crankshaft End Seals
Exhaust Gasket Kits
Intake Gasket Kits
Head O-Ring Kits
Indiv. Gaskets & O-Rings
Fuel Systems
Carb Parts & Rebuild Kits
SBT Rotary Valve Parts for Sea-Doo
Reed Sets
Fuel Injectors/Filters
Fuel / Primer Line
Spark Plugs
Primer Kits
Electrical
Starters / Bendix / Solenoids
CDI
Stator Assemblies
Regulators/Rectifiers
Solenoids/Relays
Batteries
Spark Plugs
Accessories
PWC Shop Carts & Slings
Flush Kits
Trailer Parts
PWC & Jet Boat Trim Parts
Lanyards & Storage Tubes
Clymers Shop Manuals
Oil Pump Block Off Kits
Shim Kits
Apparel
Fasteners
BlackTip Jetsports
Seat Covers
Elite Jet Ski Traction Mats
Jet Ski Traction Mats
Elite Jet Boat Traction Mats
Jet Boat Traction Mats
Elite Handlebar Covers
Handle Bar Covers
BlackTip Jetsports Covers
PWC Storage Covers
More...
New Products
Shop OEM
Forum
Finance
Info Page
Home/ Privacy Policy
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Collection of Information
We may gather Personal Information, Sensitive Personal Information, and Automatically Collected Information from you through your use of our website, registration with us, ordering of our catalog, and the purchase of our products.
Personal Information is information that identifies your name, postal address, email address, social media address, phone number, information regarding your preferences, and any other information that you provide to us, excluding Sensitive Personal Information.
Sensitive Personal Information is your credit card number and payment identity verification information that you provide to us, such as your driver’s license number.
Automatically Collected Information consists of information about your equipment (such as information about your computer, internet connection, operating system, browser type and IP address), details of your visit to our website (such as traffic data, location data, and logs), and browsing actions and patterns.
Automatically Collected Information is gathered through cookies, flash cookies and web beacons and may be gathered by us or our third party business partners.
o	Cookies are pieces of data your web browser stores on your hard drive. We also offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie." Cookies can also help us provide information which is targeted to your interests. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site and you will not be able to submit an order online. Please be aware that if you link to another site from our website, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties.
o	Flash Cookies. Certain features of our website may use locally stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
o	Web Beacons. Pages of our the website and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Use of Information Collected
We use Personal Information and Automatically Collected Information to:
present our website, catalog and its contents to you, including the improvement, enhancement and update of our website and catalog;
estimate our audience size and usage patterns and store information about your preferences that allows us to: customize our website, catalog or marketing and promotion materials according to your individual interests; speed up your searches; and to recognize when you return to our website;
provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contract entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
notify you about changes to our website, catalog, or any products or services we offer or provide through them, including any promotions, sales, and discounts; and
for any other purpose with your consent.
We use Sensitive Personal Informationto:
fulfill your orders or any other purpose for which you provided it; and
Disclosure of Information
We may disclose Automatically Collected Information that does not specifically identify you by name or postal address without restriction.
We may disclose Personal Informational and Sensitive Personal Information as follows:
We may disclose Personal Information:
to our subsidiaries and affiliates;
to contractors, third party business partners, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business;
to our contractor, attorney or representative, seeking to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contract entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by use about our users is among the assets transferred;
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; and
for any other purposes disclosed by us when you provide the information.
We may disclose Sensitive Personal Information:
to process payment for your order;
to contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to process customers' payments;
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by use about our users is among the assets transferred;
to our contractor, attorney or representative, seeking to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contract entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;
to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; and with your consent.
Use and Disclosure of Your Information
We strive to keep you informed regarding the personal information you provide to us. There are mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Automatic Tracking Technologies. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@SBT.com or write us at: SBT Inc., c/o Privacy, 1401 N Myrtle Ave, Clearwater, FL 33755.
Do Not Track Policy
Some browsers use a DNT (Do Not Track) feature that sends a signal or preference to the websites regarding DNT.
Because there is no currently accepted industry standard on how to respond to the different DNT signals, we do not currently respond to them on our website.
We will continue to work with and stay abreast of any common industry standard that the online industry defines on treating DNT signals.
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions that include Sensitive Personal Information will be encrypted using SSL technology that works with the
following browsers: Google Chrome, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Mozzila Firefox, and Safari.
If your browser does not support SSL, you will need to upgrade to a new version that does for online purchases. Or, you may fax, mail or phone in your order.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the website like message boards located on SBT.com at www.sbt.com/forum/ The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
SBT Inc.
1401 N. Myrtle
Clearwater, FL 33755
or via our toll-free number: 1-877-330-0231
Engines & Cranks
Cylinders & Heads
Engine Parts/Tools
Cables
Pump Parts
Gaskets
Fuel Systems
Electrical
Accessories
BlackTip Jetsports
Hours of Operation EST Phone Orders:
Monday-Thursday : 8am-5pm
Friday: 8am-12pm Walk-In:
Showroom is closed until further notice. Short Block Technologies
1401 N Myrtle Ave
Clearwater, FL 33755
USA
tel: 727.443.0373
fax: 727.461.4268
Walk-In:
Showroom is closed until further notice.
1401 N. Myrtle Ave.
Clearwater, FL 33755
USA
ABOUT SBT
Factory Tour
Research & Development
Announcements
Contact SBT
Wallpapers
Pickren Community Outreach
Privacy Policy
Unboxing Contest
TECHNICAL
SBT Program
Installation Guides
Articles
Videos
Glossary
Remanufactured Engines
Salvage Yards
SUPPORT
SBT FAQ
Product Support
Resources
Warranty Policy
Warranty Claims
Warranty FAQ
Terms Of Use
FORUMS
About
Register
Tech Support
Forum FAQ
SBT FAQ
BUYERS GUIDE
Sales Agreement
International Sales
Shipping Rates
Dealer Applications
©Copyright 2020 Short Block Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Website by
PCINET, LLC
Any reference to Original Equipment Manufacturer (OEM) names, trade names, specifications, or part numbers is for informational purposes only.
SBT is not affiliated with any of the OEMs referred to on this website. Copyrights and Trademarks belong to their respective companies.