https://www.nightflyer.com/privacy-policy
Added to cart:
SKU:
Cart
Proceed to checkout
Night Flyer Privacy Policy
The contents of the Night Flyer web site are provided as general information only. In no event will Night Flyer or the contributors of information to this site be liable to you or anyone else for any action taken by you in reliance on such information or for any consequential, special, or similar damages. The following discloses Night Flyer practices for protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site, www.nightflyer.com.
Access to All Sections of the Web Site Without Providing Personal InformationVisitors can access all sections of the web site without providing any personal, identifying information.
Voluntary Use of Contact FormsNight Flyer Forms are where visitors may voluntarily provide personal information, including name, company/organization, city and state of residence, and telephone numbers. The contact information is only used to contact the visitor as requested. Night Flyer does NOT collect personally identifiable contact information, and does NOT distribute to third parties any information provided on Night Flyer Forms. We will not disclose under any circumstances an individual's/employee's identifying information provided by voluntary use of a Contact Form, or specific use of the system to any individual, employer, or organization. Further, only a group of trained and authorized employees has access to information you volunteer via a Contact Form and they along with all our employees must abide by our privacy policy. Those who violate our privacy policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
Helpful LinksOur site contains links to other sites. These links are provided for your convenience and are not intended as an endorsement by Night Flyer of the organizations operating these sites nor as a warranty of the information they contain. Night Flyer is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites, and urge users to review privacy policies. Again, visitors always can accept or reject any cookies from our web sites by taking advantage of the related settings and tools on their own computers.
Third Party ServicesWe use third-party service providers to provide product recommendations and enhance your shopping experience on our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Web site in order to provide personalized recommendations and advertisements about our goods and services on our Web site as well as when you visit other Web sites.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
E-mail AddressesWe do not rent, share, or exchange our customers' email addresses (except as described in the paragraph below), but we do use these addresses for our own promotional email marketing. You can opt out of receiving promotional emails anytime. Instructions on how to opt out are included in every promotional email or you may opt out of any emails you receive through our platform include an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from the sender or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the SafeUnsubscribe® or Update Profile links at the end of any email.
Sharing InformationExcept as noted above, we may share information about our customers in a variety of ways. We share customer information among the businesses affiliated with Night Flyer. We may share customer information with merchants whose websites link with ours. We may also employ other businesses or consultants to perform functions such as sending mail or e-mail, analyzing data and customer lists, processing accounts receivable, marketing or other functions. In those situations, third parties will have access to customer information for the purpose of performing their functions. Though we do not rent, share or exchange customer email addresses in the ordinary course of business, we may sell, transfer or assign customer information in connection with a merger, consolidation, sale of assets or similar business transaction. You may opt-out from our stored database at anytime by following the SafeUnsubscribe® or Update Profile links at the end of any email.
Contacting Night Flyer Regarding This Privacy PolicyIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with our web site, please contact:
Web Site ManagerNight Flyer300 Lakeview ParkwayVernon Hills, IL 60061 Telephone: 800.441.7354