http://www.rfsolutions.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
For more information, please see our
Cookies Page.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Please Note: Current delays on ALL NEXT DAY deliveries -
APC Couriers are currently working with Skeleton staff - therefore there maybe a delay on your order.
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy RF Solutions Ltd (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.This policy sets out under article 13 of the GDPR, the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, via our website is necessary, and will be processed legally by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will use it. The data controller is RF Solutions Ltd of William Alexander House, William Way, Burgess Hill, West Sussex, RH15 9AG, United Kingdom. Registered in England – 2774001When you register on our website, and place orders online, we use your name, address, e-mail and order information for the performance of a contract between yourself and RFSL, i.e. to supply you with the goods that you order.We also use this information for legitimate purposes to enable tracking and recording your order history. It also allows us to monitor our obligations under warranty terms. You will receive e-mail acknowledgement of your order and can track your order history and manage your account information by logging on to your account and selecting “my account”. You have the right to check and amend your data at any time which you may do by selecting “update your subscription preferences”.Account information is stored both on the website server and is copied to our manufacturing resources planning database for stock control and shipping purposes.Your account and ordering information is retained for 6 years after the completion of your latest order.If you use the website “contact us” request, your information is sent to our sales team as an e-mail, and will only be used on that occasion to contact you with the information that you request.When you “join e-mail newsletter” we use your e-mail address, with your consent or by request, to provide you with our e-newsletter which informs you of new stock, clearance sales, special offers and new developments.You have the right to unsubscribe to our newsletter, at any time, by selecting the “unsubscribe from this list” option at the bottom of the newsletter. You may also unsubscribe to our newsletter when you log in to your account.Any details we may ask you for when you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by RF Solutions will only be used for the purposes of that promotion.We invite you to complete reviews and surveys that we use for ISO9001 statistical and customer feedback purposes. If you choose to leave feedback, you have the option to remain anonymous; otherwise your review is published with your first name only. As a requirement of our ISO9001 registration we may contact you to follow up your feedback.We use statistical details of your visits to our site including, traffic data, location data communication data and, resources that you access. This browsing data does not identify any individual. Use and consent to cookies is detailed in our separate cookies policy. (https://www.rfsolutions.co.uk/cookie-policy-i18)All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers, and / or on the servers of our contracted website platform providers.On-line payment transactions are processed directly via PAYPAL or SAGEPAY. Please note that these organisations have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone, and general consensus suggests that the same password should not be used for multiple purposes.If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or at the request of a law enforcement authority we will share your information as required by law.Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, and social media forums, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these, please note that they will have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies.Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on the website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed.If you require more information on how we process your data, to request reasonable access or correct your data OR to report a data breach please e-mail or call sales@rfsolutions.co.uk. If you are unhappy with the way that we respond to your requests, or in the way we have used your data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioners Office at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/report-a-breach/
Compare (1)
Top