http://www.bluewonder.net/blue_wonder_privacy.html
Home
About
Ecoholic Award
CURRENT SPECIALS
CLEANING PRODUCTS
PERSONAL PRODUCTS
PET CARE PRODUCTS
Testimonials
FAQs
News & Articles
Blue Wonder Blog
Contact
Distributor Info
Recommend Blue Wonder
Privacy
Site Map
Privacy Policy
If you choose to provide information to us through our site by use of registration forms or otherwise (company name, email address, telephone number, etc.), it will be assumed that you are requesting information about our company and products. Your email address and all other personally identifiable information you provide may be used to fulfill your request and also may be used by us for other purposes related to your visit to our site or to further our business purposes.
In general, we will not share personally identifiable information about you with third parties. CWR Enterprises Ltd. may send personally identifiable information about you, including your email address, to other companies or people when:
We have your consent to share the information; or
We need to share this information to provide to you the information, product or service you have requested; or
We respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process; or
We find or have reason to believe that your actions on our website violate website terms or conditions or are in violation of law; or
If you provide us with your e-mail address, we may send you e-mail offers. We may use information you have given to us, for example, to measure your interest in various services or special offers, and inform you about new products and services. These offers may be based on information you provide in your initial visit with us, through surveys, or through information we collect about the pages you visit.
Any list used to send you a product or service offer will be developed and managed by CWR Enterprises Ltd. or an authorized affiliate or contractor. At any time you may request to be removed from our mailing list, by sending us an email or replying to our email with "remove" in the subject line.
Information Quality: We will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to any request to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. To correct inaccuracies, please return the message containing the inaccuracy to the sender with details of the correction requested.
CWR Enterprises Ltd. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other websites to which we link and you should review the privacy policy at each site before providing any information.
ORDER NOW! All products are backed by our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee!
Cleaning Products
>> view all
Personal Care Products
>> view all
Current Specials
>> view all
© 2000-2020 CWR Enterprises Ltd.  All rights reserved.