http://www.oyate.org/index.php/privacy-policy
ABOUT USNEWSSUMMER INSTITUTE
Shop Reviews WorkShops Resources Get Involved
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address or phone number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ; To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); To process transactionsYour information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.; To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please reply to let us know that you do not wish to receive any additional emails from us (except regarding any active orders you may have placed)..Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at www.oyate.orgYour Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. www.oyate.org330 East Thomson Ave.Sonoma, California 95476USAThis email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support help desk software.
Join our email list
featured video
Follow us on
CONTACT USPRIVACY POLICYSITE MAP
Copyright ©2020 oyate.org- All Rights Reserved