https://www.footlog.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how FootLog uses and protects any information that you give FootLog when you use this website. FootLog is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. FootLog may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
cookies and other technologies that collect anonymous traffic data
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping
to improve our products and services
your email will be used to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided if you sign up for our newsletter
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at footlog@msn.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Foot Log PO Box 26683 Salt Lake City, UT 84125-0683.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Search for:
Search
Your Shopping CartContact Us Attn: Ren Field
The Original FootLog Company, LLC
PO Box 26683
Salt Lake City, UT 84126
Phone: 1-801-302-5915
Fax: 801-302-5977
Email: footlog@msn.com
TagsArthritis foot massager
best foot massager for diabetics
circulation foot massager
foot massager
foot massager for diabetics
foot pain relief
neuropathy foot massager
plantar fasciitis massager
plantar fasciitis pain relief
reflexology feet
reflexology foot massager
Meta
Register Log in
Entries feed
Comments feed
WordPress.org
Share This
MENU
Shop
Cart
Checkout
Reviews
Testimonials
Reviews
TV Infomercial
Blog
About Us
Affiliates
Customer Service
How to use the Footlog
Contact Us
Wholesale
Privacy Policy
Cart0