http://www.earthboundlight.com/privacy.html
Privacy and Security
Your privacy and security are important to us. We have created this statement in order to let you know about our firm commitment to your privacy. The short version is that Earthbound Light will never sell, exchange, or release any of your individual personal information to a third party without your express permission.
The following discloses details on our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Information Collected From All Site Visitors
We use your IP address along with certain other pieces of technical information such as the kind of operating system and web browser you use to visit us to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. This information is also collected in aggregate to develop broad demographic statistics about where our customers are visiting us from. We will not sell or provide this information to any third party for any purpose.
Online Ordering
When you order online from Earthbound Light, we store your shopping cart information on our website. We attempt to create a cookie (a very small text file) on your computer as a pointer to your shopping cart data. Doing so allows you to freely browse all portions of our site and still be able to come back to your cart later to add other items or to complete your order. This cookie will automatically expire three days after the last time you access your cart. It is used solely for the purpose of allowing you to easily access your cart while shopping and does not contain any personal information of any kind.
At this time, we do not maintain a master list of customers and so therefore must ask your for billing and other information with each order. We only ask for information necessary to process your order and will use it only in conjunction with processing your order unless you give us explicit permission otherwise. This information will never by shared with any third party for any purpose apart from the specific context of processing your order.
Mailing List
When you sign up for the Earthbound Light News mailing list, we must ask you for your email address. This information will be kept on file and used solely for purpose of notifying you of new features or other significant enhancements to our website. As with other information we collect, we will never share your address with anyone.
Comments
By submitting an entry to our Comments, you become a contributor to the site and automatically grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free irrevocable right and license to publish your submission on the website and in other media for use in promoting the Earthbound Light website and related endeavors.
RSS Feed
Subscriptions to the PhotoTips RSS Feed via News Aggregators are anonymous in so far as you do not need to give an email address to subscribe. Incorporation of the RSS Feed on websites is logged by recording the URL of the referring page. No personal information from website visitors is logged in conjunction with this usage.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
We do not maintain ongoing customer information in conjunction with our online ordering capabilities. All information requested with a given order is used solely in the context of processing that order. If you do need to correct your information for a specific order, please contact us by email or phone.
If you have subscribed to our mailing list and need to update your address, please unsubscribe using your old address and resubscribe with your new address. If this is not possible, please contact us directly to make any needed adjustments.
If you would like to unsubscribe from our mailing list, you can do so by visiting this page.
Other Privacy Information
Earthbound Light is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any external sites linked to. Although every effort has been made to lists sites that will be of use, these support are provided without any warranty for suitability or fitness of purpose, either expressed or implied.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All data is protected using advanced methods to ensure its safety. We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information such as social security numbers on this site.
Home  |  About  |  Portfolio  |  WebStore  |  PhotoTips  |  Contact  |  Comments  |  Updates  |  Support
Nature Photography from the Pacific Northwest and beyond by Bob Johnson
View Cart  |  Store Policies  |  Terms of Use  |  Your Privacy  |  Site Map