http://www.envelopesuperstore.com/privacy
(800) 554-1179
Need help? 800-554-1179
Order History
Proofs
Upload Artwork
Addresses
Credit Cards
Account Details
Log Out
ENVELOPES
Business Envelopes
Commercial Envelopes
Catalog Envelopes
Booklet Envelopes
Remittance Envelopes
Self Seal Envelopes
Coin Envelopes
Jumbo Envelopes
Clasp Envelopes
Window Envelopes
Standard Window Envelopes
Double Window Envelopes
Custom Window Envelopes
Catalog Window Envelopes
Booklet Window Envelopes
Full View Window Envelopes
CD/DVD Envelopes
Invitation Envelopes
A-Size Envelopes
Square Envelopes
Baronial Envelopes
Foil Lined Envelopes
Specialty Envelopes
Board Mailers
Bubble Mailers
Banking Envelopes
Tyvek® Envelopes
File Jackets
Credit Card Sleeves
Offering Envelopes
PAPER
Popular
8 1/2 x 11 24lb. Bright White
Brands
Classic Crest®
Classic® Linen
Classic® Laid
Capitol Bond®
Cougar® Opaque
PRINTING
10% Off Promo
CLEARANCE
WHOLESALE ENVELOPES
Looking for wholesale envelopes? Are you a printer or part of the trade? Register for a wholesale account or learn more.
Already have an account? Log in to see your discounted pricing.
Log In
0
ENVELOPES
Business Envelopes
Commercial
Catalog
Booklet
Remittance
Self Seal
Coin
Jumbo
Clasp
Window Envelopes
Standard
Double
Custom
Catalog
Booklet
Full View
CD/DVD
Invitation Envelopes
A-Size
Square
Baronial
Foil Lined
Specialty Envelopes
Board Mailers
Bubble Mailers
Banking
Tyvek
File Jackets
Card Sleeves
Offering Envelopes
PAPER
8 1/2 x 11, 24lb. Bright White
Classic Crest®
Classic® Linen
Classic® Laid
Capitol Bond®
Cougar® Opaque
PRINTING
CLEARANCE
WHOLESALE ENVELOPES
Customer Service
1-800-554-1179
Envelope Superstore Privacy Policy
At Envelope Superstore we firmly believe in your privacy and the security of your personal information. We will only use the information you give us in a responsible manner. We are committed to providing you with a safe and secure online shopping experience.
This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use your information. We suggest that you review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may update it from time to time.
What information does Envelope Superstore collect?
Whenever you visit our website, we automatically collect information such as the page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site.
When you register for discounted prices or place an order we collect information that you volunteer such as your name, email address, postal address, phone and fax number and other information necessary to process an order.
How does Envelope Superstore use your information?
The information we gather allows us to customize our site to your preferences and to improve your shopping experience. It also allows us to process your purchases, confirm your orders, customize content and layout of our pages, notify you about updates to our website and products, and provide you with marketing information.
The information you supply to us is added to our customer database and may be used periodically to send you emails about new products and services, discounts and special promotions. If you do not wish to receive such emails in the future you may click the unsubscribe link on any promotional email you receive from us. In order to process your purchases we will confirm your order by email and may contact you by fax or telephone as the order progresses.
In some circumstances, we use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you. Some of these companies may be provided with information needed to fulfill your order and process your shipment. We also use third parties that may use cookies on our behalf. These companies may collect information regarding your visit to our site but they are not supplied any user identifiable information such as name or email address. This information is used in helping us to provide you with a better shopping experience and for tracking of our advertising results.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these agencies or companies for marketing purposes.
What are cookies and how does Envelope Superstore use them?
A "cookie" is a small data file stored on your computer. At login we place a unique identifier in the cookie and use the cookie to connect your computer with the information we store for you in our database. Some examples of the data we store in our database includes your account preferences, items added to your shopping cart, user-specific information on pages accessed, and previous visits to our site. Through cookies we may: alert you to new areas that we think might be of interest to you when you return to our site; record past activity at our site; or, customize web page content. Your information is stored in a safe and secure database. We do not use cookies to store any of your personal or financial information on your computer.
We recognize that you have a choice to refuse cookies. However, by choosing to accept our cookie you allow us to maintain preferences and give you a better quality experience. If you choose not to accept the cookie, some options on our site may be limited and possibly work incorrectly.
How do I know my information is secure?
We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you so you can feel comfortable and secure when shopping. We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving your personal information. On the Internet, when you see either a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your browser window, this indicates that the site is secured through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Pages requesting personal information should always have one of these icons.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may use the information you provide us for new, unanticipated uses not previously addressed in our Privacy Policy. If our information practices changes at some time in the future we will post the policy changes on the privacy page of our website to notify you of these changes. You should check our website periodically for more information on how we use the data we collect.
If there is a material change in the manner we use data that we collect, we will update this Privacy Policy to reflect these changes.
Contact Us
Feel free to contact us from our Contacts page for any reason, including a request to be added to or taken off a list, of if you have any questions or concerns.
When you contact us, please provide your name and email address exactly as it appears on correspondence you have received from us.
My Account
View Cart
Promos / Coupons
Downloads
Credit Application
Artwork Setup Guide
(800) 554-1179
Mon - Fri 8:30a.m. - 5p.m. EST
Contact Us
BLOG
Have you seen our blog?
Check it out
Envelope Superstore
91 Burke Way
Hiram, GA 30141
FAQ
Questions & Answers
Customer Comments
Melissa from Mississippi
I received my order of specialty printed envelopes and I am very happy with the way they turned out. Today, I received your company’s invoice in the mail, showing my balance, etc. On the outer envelope (the invoice came in), I noticed the insignia God Bless America. I appreciate your company’s pride and boldness in displaying the words God Bless America on your materials! Even if I were not 100% pleased with my product, for this fact alone, I would use your company again. Thank you for supplying a superior product and displaying a superior label!
© Copyright 2018 Envelope Superstore ®. All rights reserved.
Nationwide Envelope Company doing business as Envelope Superstore
Privacy Policy |
Terms & Conditions