https://www.sentimentsflowers.com/privacy
Sameday Delivery
+971 55 4228975
Locate Our Store
Track Your Order
AED
USD
Currency
PRIVACY POLICY
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We collect information given to us when you place an order. This information is used to process your order, contact you regarding the order if necessary and to provide you with the best possible service. Sentiments Flowers collect the information directly and do not disclose buyer’s information to third parties. All information is stored securely, collected lawfully.
Any email marketing we may send will include an unsubscribe option. We do not and will not sell our mailing list to third parties. If you wish to add or remove yourself from our mailing lists at a later date or if you have any questions or comments about privacy you can do so by contacting us via email or telephone available in the contact us page.
WEB BROWSER COOKIES:
Cookies are usually small text files, given ID tags that are stored on your computer's browser directory or program data subfolders. Cookies are created when you use your browser to visit a website that uses cookies to keep track of your movements within the site, help you resume where you left off, remember your registered login, theme selection, preferences, and other customization functions. The website stores a corresponding file(with same ID tag)to the one they set in your browser and in this file they can track and keep information on your movements within the site and any information you may have voluntarily given while visiting the website, such as email address.
LAW ENFORCEMENT:
Sentimentsflowers.com may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information, after subpoena or written request, to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy you can email to sentimen@emirates.net.ae