https://www.gardeners.com/how-to/privacy-policy/Privacy.html
Every purchase 100% guaranteed
Customer Service
Order Status
Stores
100%
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Sign In / Register
Cart
(0)
items in cart
Gardener's Supply
Search Catalog
Search
Search
New! Fresh-Picked Gifts
Grow Lights
Amaryllis & Flowers
Mudroom Solutions
A Force For Good
A force for good
Causes We Believe In
Pollinator Protection
Youth Gardens
Soil Regeneration
Fighting Hunger
Grants & Giving
Donations
Request a Donation
Employee Volunteerism
Our Programs
Company Farm
Random Acts of Gardening
Garden to Give
About Us
About Us
A Company of Gardeners
Test Gardens
Design & Development
Garden Advisors
How We Do Business
100% Employee Owned
Made by Us
Company Culture
Our Garden Centers
Press Room
Advice
How-To
Vegetable Gardening
Flower Gardening
Soil and Compost
Backyard Habitat
Pests and Diseases
Indoor Gardening
Landscape and Lawn
Harvest-Keeping
Recipes
DIY
Planning Tools
Kitchen Garden Planner
Pest & Disease Directory
Rainfall Calculator
Zone Finder
Vegetable Encyclopedia
Soil Calculator
Community
Meet a Gardener
Share
Our Blog: Gardener's Journal
What we're doing, where we're going and what we're thinking
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Pinterest
Main
Garden Supplies
Garden Supplies
New
Urban Gardening
Tomato Growing
Kids' Gardening
Season Extenders
Plant Protectors & Row Covers
Cold Frames
Greenhouses & Accessories
Garden Tools
Pruners & Loppers
Shovels & Hoes
Trowels & Planting Tools
Weeders & Cultivators
Garden Carts
Trugs & Harvest Baskets
Tool Belts, Totes & Organizers
Footwear & Clothing
Garden Gloves & Hats
Garden Clogs & Boots
Insect Repellent Clothing
Garden Seats & Kneelers
Garden Kneelers & Seats
Kneeling Pads
Planting Accessories
Row & Plant Markers
Garden Edgings
Mulches
Watering & Irrigation
Hoses
Nozzles & Sprayers
Irrigation Systems
Sprinklers & Timers
Rain Barrels
Watering Cans
Hose Reels & Organizers
Watering Accessories
WaterWell Kits & Components
Soils & Fertilizers
Potting Soil Mixes
Fertilizers
Soil Amendments
Seed Starting Soils
Plant Supports
Vegetable Supports & Trellises
Tomato Cages & Supports
Flower Supports & Trellises
Plant Support Accessories
Seeds & Plants
Seed Starting Pots & Kits
Organic Seeds
Flowers & Perennials
Vegetables & Fruits
Pest & Disease Controls
Fences & Barriers
Animal Controls
Insect Controls
Plant Disease Controls
Hemp Growing
Grow Tents & Kits
Grow Lights
Growing Media & Nutrients
Hemp Care
Hemp Growing Accessories
Planters & Raised Beds
Planters & Raised Beds
New
Self-Watering Planters
Flower Planters
Vegetable Planters
Metal Planters
Wooden Planters
Pots & Planters
Patio Planters
Railing Planters
Hanging Planters
Window Boxes
Plant Trays & Saucers
Planter Success Kits
Tomato Planters
Grow Bags
Indoor Pots & Planters
Planter Accessories
Raised Beds
Raised Garden Beds
Corners & Connectors
Raised Bed Accessories
Elevated Garden Beds
Elevated Planters
VegTrugs™
Plant Stands & Trays
Plant Stands
Plant Stand Trays
Potting Benches
Yard & Outdoors
Yard & Outdoors
New
Nighttime Accents
Exclusive
Sale
Composters
Compost Bins & Tumblers
Compost Accessories
Backyard Habitat
Bird Feeders
Bird Houses
Bird Baths
Bee, Bug & Butterfly Habitats
Beekeeping Supplies
Songbird Tweets®
Mosquito, Wasp & Tick Controls
Yard & Garden Decor
Decorative Garden Stakes
Arches & Arbors
Trellises & Obelisks
Statues & Sculptures
Outdoor Wall Decor
Fountains
Stepping Stones
Spinners & Mobiles
Chimes
Faux Rocks
Weather Tools
Pond Accents
Landscaping Tools & Supplies
Edgings & Mulches
Fences & Privacy Screens
Power Tools
Pruners & Loppers
Wood Chippers & Leaf Shredders
Leaf Collectors
Lawn Care
Pond Care
Outdoor Furniture
Garden Benches
Dining Tables & Sets
Seating
Potting Benches
Accent Tables
Furniture Covers
Outdoor Lighting
Lanterns & Tabletop Lights
Decorative Light Stakes
Path & Spotlights
Outdoor String Lights
Indoor Garden
Indoor Garden
New
Bamboo LED Grow Lights
Orchid Growing
Exclusive
Grow Lights & Stands
Grow Light Stands
Grow Light Success Kits
Tabletop Grow Lights
Grow Light Fixtures & Bulbs
Grow Light Accessories
Plant Stands & Trays
Plant Stands
Plant Stand Trays
Plant Caddies
Seed Starting Supplies
Seed Starting Pots & Kits
Soils & Fertilizers for Seeds
Seed Starting Accessories
Organic Seeds
Potting Benches
Amaryllis & Flowers
Flowering Gardens
Potted Amaryllis
Waxed Amaryllis & Bulbs
Houseplants
Houseplant Supplies
Indoor Pots & Planters
Watering Cans & Tools
Soils & Fertilizers for Houseplants
Houseplant Accessories
Pest & Disease Controls
Terrariums
Home & Kitchen
Home & Kitchen
New
Mudroom Solutions
Exclusive
Sale
Kitchen Tools & Prep
Fruit & Vegetable Tools
Herb Tools
Compost Pails
Kitchenware
DIY Kits & Specialty Foods
DIY Food Kits
DIY Drink Kits
Harvest Keeping
Harvest Storage
Pickling & Fermentation
Canning Supplies
Herb Drying & Storage
Baskets & Buckets
Home Decor
Indoor Rugs & Mats
Boot Trays
Indoor Furniture
Home Accents
Candles & Lighting
Fireplace Tools & Log Racks
Indoor Pest Controls
Insect Controls
Mice & Rodent Controls
Gifts
Gifts
Amaryllis Gift Collection
Lifetime Garden Tools
Gift Cards
Exclusive
New! Fresh-Picked Gifts
New! Gifts That Grow
New! Garden Tools
New! Garden Decor
New! Birding & Backyard Habitat
New! Home Decor
New! Kitchen Gear
New! Boots & Gear
Gifts by Gardener
Vegetable Gardeners
Flower Gardeners
Indoor Gardeners
Senior Gardeners
Urban Gardeners
Young Gardeners
Amaryllis & Flowers
Potted Amaryllis
Waxed Amaryllis & Bulbs
Flowering Bulb Gardens
Houseplants
Gifts by Price
Gifts under $20
Gifts from $20-$30
Gifts from $30-$40
Gifts from $40-$50
Gifts from $50-$100
Premier Gifts
Stocking Stuffers
Gifts by Inspiration
Garden Decor
Nature & Birding
Kitchen Gear & DIY Food Kits
Aromatherapy & Spa
Home Decor
Family Fun
Blooming Gifts
Sale
Sale
Garden Supplies Sale
Pots & Planters Sale
Yard & Outdoors Sale
Home & Kitchen Sale
Sign In / Register
Customer Service
Order Status
Stores
Home
Customer Service
Privacy
Privacy Policy
For California residents: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
For Nevada residents: Nevada Internet Privacy Law
At Gardener's Supply we recognize and respect the importance of maintaining your privacy and keeping your online order secure. This Privacy Policy and Security Statement describes why we gather customer and site visitor information, what information we collect, how we collect it and how we use the information as well as how we keep your order secure. This Privacy Policy and Security Statement is part of our
Terms of Use, which governs your use of Gardeners.com. By using Gardeners.com you agree to this Privacy Policy and Security Statement and Terms of Use.
Why do we gather information?
Gardener's Supply strives to provide our customers with quality goods and excellent customer service. We gather information to allow us to process orders, to enhance and personalize our customers’ shopping experience and to inform our customers and e-mail subscribers of special offers and discounts.
What information do we gather?
When you order from gardeners.com, we collect the following information: your name, telephone number, e-mail address, billing information (credit card number, expiration date and billing address), products purchased, any relevant promotion code and information (gift certificate redemption code, for example) and, if relevant, the recipient's name, address and telephone number. Information you enter is collected even if you cancel or do not complete an order.
When you visit our Site, some information is automatically collected. For example, we may collect your computer's operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language, and referring web site addresses. If you access our site from a mobile device, we may also collect information about the type of mobile device you use, your device's unique ID, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use and information about the location of your device. We also collect information about your usage of and activity on our site.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or device (“personal information”). We have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account number, or other similar identifiers.
Commercial Information
Records products purchased or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Internet or similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Geolocation data
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
Directly from our customers. For example, from online order forms, email sign-up forms, and other online forms customers fill out and submit, or through information we collect from customers in the course of providing services to them.
Directly and indirectly from activity on our website.
From third-parties that interact with us in connection with marketing the goods and services we provide.
How do we use "cookies"?
A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on the user's hard drive by a Web site you've visited. These types of cookies cannot identify an individual user specifically, such as by name or address, unless the cookie data is attached to personally identifiable information such as online registration. Gardener’s Supply uses cookies to observe our site visitor's navigation throughout the site. This helps us identify ways to improve the shopping experience.
Gardener's Supply also uses a session cookie, which is a piece of identification between your browser and our server, which helps to do things like keep track of the items in a user's shopping cart, and other information. The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case the users' session expires or they return to complete a purchase within that time frame.
How do we use the information we collect about you?
We use information we collect from you to process your orders, to provide an enhanced and more personalized shopping experience and to inform you of offers and discounts from Gardener’s Supply. Gardener's Supply shares its customer information with its vendor partners such as email service providers and catalog printing and mailing companies. In addition, we periodically make such information, including aggregated information, available to selected third parties.
Some of the ways we use the data we gather:
Provide and deliver products and services;
Provide information we think may help you succeed in the garden
Send you information related to products and services, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about new contests, promotions and rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Gardener’s Supply and our selected partners;
Operate and improve our sites and services;
Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;
Manage and administer our community features and member programs and services;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; and
Link or combine with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets or business of Gardener's Supply (a "Successor"), one of the assets which would generally be transferred is the information we collect from our customers and site visitors. However, the use of this information by any Successor would still be governed by the terms of this privacy policy, as amended from time to time, including any amendment after such transaction.
We may disclose any information you provide to Gardener's Supply when we believe disclosure to be appropriate to comply with any law, regulation, or governmental request, or to comply with judicial process; or (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate this web site; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Gardener's Supply Company, its users, Sponsors, Providers, Licensors, or Merchants.
Reviewing and Requesting Changes to Your Personal Information
If you wish to review or request changes to or deletion of information we have collected about you, email us at ConsumerPrivacy@gardeners.com or call 1-888-833-1412 toll free, and we will be happy to assist you. You can make this request for free, up to twice within a 12-month period. Only you or a person registered with your state of residence that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable request on behalf of your minor child. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or their authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that we can properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
Sale of Personal Information
Gardener's Supply Company does not sell, trade or rent your e-mail address. We occasionally send offers to our email subscribers on behalf of other trusted businesses, but we do not give those businesses your personal information.
Gardener’s Supply does on occasion rent or exchange postal mailing addresses with third parties who may mail catalogs or other mail correspondence to those addresses, which could constitute a sale of personal information as defined by the CCPA and the Nevada Privacy Law.
Opting Out of the Sale of Personal Information
You may opt out of the sale of your personal information by clicking the link below:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Links
Gardener's Supply wants you to be aware that when you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party Web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies, not ours. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement and user terms and conditions whenever interacting with, and prior to providing any personal information to, any other website.
Your Security
We understand that the safety of your personal information is extremely important to you. We take great care in protecting your privacy and ensuring a safe online shopping experience at www.gardeners.com. Our site uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to ensure the secure transmission of any personal information you provide while using our website. We also comply with Payment Card industry requirements and our site is regularly scanned and validated by Trustwave.
This site is protected by Trustwave's Trusted Commerce program
The Fair Credit Act specifies that your credit card company can hold you liable for no more than $50 in fraudulent charges to your account. If you feel you've incurred a fraudulent charge with us or any retailer, promptly notify your credit card company and follow the procedures outlined in your credit card agreement.
Your Consent and Changes to this Policy
Subject to the above provisions, by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by us and the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change our Privacy Policy from time to time and we will post those changes 30 days prior to their taking effect so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Your Comments
We welcome feedback concerning this Privacy Policy and Security Statement. To send your comments and questions just e-mail us at ConsumerPrivacy@gardeners.com.
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Gardener’s Supply Company complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA).
For business purposes, Gardener’s Supply Company may collect personal information and use or disclose personal information. Information we Collect
If you are a California resident, the CCPA provides you with specific rights regarding your personal information (effective January 1, 2020):
Right of Access
You have the right to make a verifiable consumer request to access to personal information. You can make this request for free, up to twice within a 12-month period, by contacting Gardener’s Supply at ConsumerPrivacy@gardeners.com or calling 1-888-833-1412 toll free.
Only you or a person registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may also make a verifiable request on behalf of your minor child. The verifiable consumer request must:
Provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or their authorized representative.
Describe your request with sufficient detail that we can properly understand, evaluate and respond to it.
On receiving an access request, Gardener’s Supply Company must provide the necessary information in a portable and easily accessible format, normally within 45 days of the request.
When providing information under the right of access, we must include:
Categories of personal information we collect about you.
Categories of sources of your personal information.
The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information.
Categories of any third parties with whom we share your personal information.
Specific pieces of personal information collected about you.
If we sell personal information to a third party, you have the right to request access to:
Categories of personal information we collect about you.
Categories of personal information we have sold.
Categories of any third parties to whom we sold personal information.
Categories of personal information we sold to each third party.
Categories of personal information we disclose about you for business purposes.
Right of Deletion
You have a right to request deletion of your personal information that Gardener’s Supply holds. However, this right does not apply where Gardener’s Supply needs to retain personal information in order to do any of the following:
Provide goods or services to you.
Carry out any actions for internal purposes that a consumer might reasonably expect. For example, to perform customer service, answer product questions, and honor satisfaction guaranties or product warranties.
Detect or resolve issues of security or functionality-related issues.
Comply with the law.
Non-Discrimination
Gardener’s Supply will not discriminate against any consumer for having exercised their rights under the CCPA. For example, we will not deny you goods or services, or charge you different prices for goods or services, because you have requested access to your personal information.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
The CCPA requires that we maintain an online form that allows you to opt out of the sale of your personal information. You may access this form by clicking the link below:
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Nevada Internet Privacy Law
Gardener’s Supply Company complies with the Nevada Internet Privacy Law.
If you are a Nevada resident, the Nevada Internet Privacy Law provides you with specific rights regarding your personal information (effective October 1, 2019):
In the course of doing business, Gardener’s Supply Company collects personal information defined as Covered Information under Nevada law:
First and last name.
A home or other physical address which includes the name of a street and the name of a city or town.
An electronic mail address.
A telephone number.
An identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online.
Other information concerning a person collected from the person through the Internet website or online service of the operator and maintained by the operator in combination with an identifier in a form that makes the information personally identifiable.
The categories of information we collect are disclosed above, in the section “Information We Collect.”
Data sales
A data sale under the Nevada law means the exchange of Covered Information for monetary consideration by us to another person, assuming that person will license or sell the covered information to additional persons. “Sale” does not include:
Disclosures to service providers;
Disclosures at consumer’s request;
Disclosures for purposes which are consistent with the reasonable expectations of a consumer considering the context;
Disclosure affiliates of the operator; or
Disclosures in the context of business mergers and acquisitions and/or bankruptcy proceedings.
Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information
The Nevada Internet Privacy Law requires that we maintain an online form, telephone number or email address that allows you to opt out of the sale of your personal information.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Secondary Navigation
Contact Us
E-mail Us
Ask a Gardener
BY PHONE
1-800-876-5520
BY MAIL
Gardener's Supply Co.
128 Intervale Road
Burlington, VT 05401
Ordering
Sales/Use Tax
Payment Methods
Order Status
Our Guarantee
Shipping
Delivery Methods & Charges
Tractor Trailer Delivery
Mailing Preferences
Contact Preferences
Returns
Returning or Exchanging a Product