http://www.drbrandtskincare.com/pages/privacy-and-security
Home
›
Privacy and Security
When you provide us with information through this website, we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit to this website is subject to this privacy statement and our terms of use.
Information collection and useWe do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us. for example, if you decide to make a purchase you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, e-mail address and mailing address), billing information (credit card number, name on card, billing address, etc.) gender, age group and skin concerns, and perhaps the brands and products you use.
When you submit your personally identifiable information on this website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this privacy statement. The information you provide us with may be used by us to determine your preferences, create and deliver to you our catalogs, surveys or other communications containing product information, skincare tips or promotions. If you prefer not to receive e-mail communications or our catalog, please uncheck the checkbox when you register or found within "my account."
We may use the information you provide in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties. We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. We may share or transfer such non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.
We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Cookies and log files       We may place a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user and personalize your experience. A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. The cookie will be stored on your computer's hard drive until you remove it. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies. If you reject our cookie, you may still use our website, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features.
Third partiesWe may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include data analysis firms, customer support specialists, web hosting companies, and fulfillment companies (e.g. companies that coordinate mailings). Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose. Third parties may be using cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information in connection with the placement of our ads on other websites and resulting conversions.
LinksThis website may contain links to or from other websites. For example, this website uses AdWords' free conversion tracking feature. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. This privacy statement applies only to the information we collect on this website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our website or otherwise visit. We implement various security measures to protect the security of your personal information, both on line and off line. If you have any questions about security at our website, you can send an e-mail to: customerservice@drbrandtskincare.com
Business transfersAs we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain of our assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the website you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
Notification of changesWe may revise this privacy statement from time to time. If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post the revised policy here. If there are any changes to our privacy statement we will notify you via email. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy statement in effect at the time the information is used.
Choice/opt-outWhen you complete a feedback form or one of our surveys, you may opt-out of receiving future e-mail communications from us. You may change your e-mail preferences at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us or by e-mailing us at:customerservice@drbrandtskincare.com. You may remove your name from our catalog mailing list by calling 800-234-1066.
Child privacyOur website is not targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a person under the age of 13 has delivered personal information to us through our site, we will delete the information from our records.
CommentsWe have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to our website is an excellent one and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices. Please contact us by e-mail at: customerservice@drbrandtskincare.com or telephone 800-234-1066.