http://www.gameplay.co.uk/webapp/wcs/stores/servlet/HubArticleView?hubId=Hub-2368251&articleId=2368251&catalogId=10201&langId=44&storeId=10151&merchname=footer-_-about-_-privacycentre
Jump to site search
Jump to main content
Jump to main category navigation
Jump to secondary navigation
Jump to footer
PRIVACY CENTRE
HOW GAME HANDLES YOUR INFORMATION
We value your data and want to protect your identity.
Designed to protect you, how we handle your information and who we share it with.
TAKE ME TO THE INTRODUCTION
My Marketing Preferences
DOWNLOAD THE PDF
PRIVACY
COOKIE POLICY
About us
Designed to protect you, how we handle your information and who we share it with.
Game Retail Ltd (company registered number 7837246) is the controller responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as the "Company", "we", "us" or "our" in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data protection officer (“DPO”) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the DPO using the details set out below:
Email: dataprotection.officer@game.co.uk
Postal address: Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, RG21 6YJ
Telephone number: +44 (0) 1256 784000
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant supervisory authority.
In the UK this is the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO, www.ico.org.uk). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
Policy Last updated: 15 November 2018
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
This policy was last updated on the date shown at the top of the document.
We reserve the right to make further changes to this policy from time to time.
We will always notify you in advance of any changes that involve a new use of your data that may not be compatible with the purpose for which we originally collected them.
See Change of Purpose for more details.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current so please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Our websites, www.game.co.uk, www.belong.gg, http://ukmasters.gg/ and others we may operate from time to time may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications.
Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
INTRODUCTION AND
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
At GAME we are committed to protecting your privacy.
We will only use the information that we collect about you in accordance with all applicable data protection and privacy legislation, regulations and guidance.
In this privacy policy we explain how we look after your personal data when you visit our websites (regardless of where you visit them from), when you buy products or services from us online or in store, or when you book a station or enter tournaments in our Belong arenas.
We also explain your data privacy rights and how the law protects you.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing your personal data. This privacy policy is in addition to the other notices and is not intended to override them.
This website and any of our online services are not intended for children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect children’s data without parental consent.
Where we offer “pay-to-play” and similar services to children in our Belong arenas, it is strictly prohibited for a child under the age of 13 to access the online element of these services such as our online booking and tournament platforms without parental consent.
We have set out our privacy policy using a layered format so you can quickly and easily click through to the specific areas of interest.
You can also download a pdf version here.
YOUR DATA & HOW WE USE IT
You can expand each of the sections below for more details
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
THE TYPE OF DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
HOW WE PROCESS YOUR DATA
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
PROTECTING YOUR DATA
DATA RETENTION
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR DATA
We collect your data in a number of ways.
DIRECT INTERACTIONS
Your personal data, is any information that can be used to identify you directly or indirectly.
It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We collect and processes your personal data when you engage with us directly in store, including our Belong arenas, or when you visit our websites, including any data you may provide when you:
create an online account
download the GAMEApp
sign up to our newsletter or one of our loyalty schemes
pre-order or purchase a product or service
trade-in a pre-owned device
top-up your GAMEWallet account or buy Belong arena time
book a station in a Belong arena
register to take part in a UK Masters tournament
register to join our Player1Talent database
enter a competition
take part in a customer survey or contact customer services
register as a seller on GAME Marketplace.
THIRD PARTY SOURCES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may receive personal data about you from a number of third parties.
Click here for more details.
[Providers of third party marketplaces, when you use these to buy products provided by GAME
Social media organisations
Customer research and feedback agencies
Providers of tournament management services for our Belong arenas
Providers of third party hosted IT systems such as GAME Marketplace
Payment services providers
GAME ESports and Events (GEE), within the GAME Group of companies]
TECHNICAL DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU WHEN YOU BROWSE OUR WEBSITES
As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about the type of device and browser you’re using, your browsing actions and patterns. We may collect this personal data by using cookies, session replay (the online equivalent of call recording) and other similar technologies.
We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our Cookie Policy for further details.
We also use a number of ad networks to serve personalised online advertisements to you if you have previously visited our websites.
It is possible to block ad networks on each of your connected devices through the use of cookies. For more information, see our Cookie Policy.
THE TYPE OF DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data:
We collect your name and title when we process your online order or register you for our loyalty schemes and other online services.
We may need to verify your age or date of birth to comply with the law, for example to ensure the products we sell you are age appropriate or to ensure we are not collecting children’s data without parental consent.
We may also capture photos and video images, for example when you visit our Belong arenas and we operate CCTV in all of our retail stores for the purpose of crime prevention and detection.
You may be asked to provide proof of identity (passport or driving licence) before we can enter into a contract with you for certain services, for example our care plans, customer finance and for the trade-ins.
Contact Data
When you shop with us online or pre-order in store, we will collect your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers so that we can take payment from your, fulfil your order and keep you updated with your order status.
Financial Data:
We use third party hosted systems to collect your tokenised payment card data when you shop with us in store and online. We also offer certain services on direct debit and provide customer finance for certain purchases, in both instances via our third-party service providers.
Transaction Data:
We record details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.
Technical Data:
When you browse our website we collect internet protocol (IP) address, login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, device ID, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices that you use to access our websites or apps.
Profile Data:
When you register an account with us or sign-up to our loyalty schemes, we collect your username and password.
We build up a profile of the purchases or orders you have made, your use of our services, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses and in the case of our Reward and Elite customers, your loyalty number.
Usage Data:
Information about your use of our website, products and services.
Marketing and Communications Data:
Includes your acceptance or otherwise in receiving marketing communications from us and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share anonymised and aggregated data for statistical analysis purposes.
For example, we may anonymise and aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature.
We do not require you to disclose any special categories of data (data concerning race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, trade union membership, health information or genetic data) or data about criminal records and convictions.
It is prohibited to post special categories of data or data about criminal records and convictions on our online forums but if you do so, we will be processing this data because you have chosen to make it public.
IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law (for example we need to verify your identity under second hand dealer licensing laws if you offer to trade-in a personal device), or under the terms of a contract we have- or are trying to enter into with you (for example when you place an order for our goods and services) and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract with you.
In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered from us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
OUR PURPOSES AND LAWFUL BASES FOR PROCESSING YOUR DATA
LAWFUL BASES AND PURPOSES
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we rely on the following lawful bases when processing your data.
Where it is necessary for the performance of a contract we are about to enter into- or have entered into with you.
to process your order and the associated payment and to deliver your products or services (including services in our Belong arenas)
to register you for one of our loyalty schemes
to administer your account and manage our relationship with you if you register to join our Player1Talent database
when you make us an offer to trade-in a pre-owned device
if you enter a competition
to administer your account, monitor your sales performance and make payments to you if you are a seller on GAMEMarketplace
to notify you of changes to our terms and conditions
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
to undertake analysis and develop insight into your interests and preferences for marketing purposes
to send you direct marketing communications where the law permits this
to share your data with carefully selected third parties who may deliver marketing or targeted advertising to you from time to time related to our products and services
to ensure your payment card is not being used without your consent and to prevent and detect fraud
for the purpose of making or defending an insurance or legal claim that may involve you
to seek your feedback or undertake customer research to improve our products and services
in order to run our business, for the provision of IT services and network security
to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to measure and understand the effectiveness of such advertisements so we may develop our products and services and inform our marketing strategy
to monitor, understand and continuously improve your online experience when you browse and transact with our website
to manage our relationship with you and investigate and respond to your queries or complaints
to assess the quality of our services including the extent to which our services comply with the law
to undertake data mining and analysis for the prevention and detection of fraud
to maintain accounting records, for the analysis of financial results, for internal and external audit purposes and for the purpose of seeking professional advice on legal or tax matters
for quality and training purposes
for the purpose of bringing or defending a legal or insurance claim
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
[to comply with second-hand dealer licensing regulations in relation to our pre-owned business activities;
to comply with regulations requiring information security monitoring systems and controls;
where we identify a crime and have a duty to report it to the relevant authorities;
where we are obliged to share data with regulators such as the ICO for audit purposes.
In a limited number of scenarios and where required by law, we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data
for electronic, direct marketing communications (i.e. those we send you by email or SMS)
where we use cookies, session replay and similar technologies that track information about people accessing a website or other electronic service
AUTOMATED DECISION-MAKING INCLUDING PROFILING
When you place an order with us online we use automated decision-making and profiling to determine if we should enter into a contract with you.
The decision-making is based on a set of rules designed to prevent and detect fraud in combination with Identify, Contact, Transaction, Technical, Profile and Usage Data we may have previously collected about you.
The consequence of any of these rules being triggered might be that your order is marked for the attention of our referrals team and eventually declined.
Where possible, we will inform you if there has been a problem with your order and you will have the opportunity to discuss the reasons for this with our Customer Services team who can double check the decision for you.
MARKETING
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
We hope that you will be happy for us to send you news and promotional offers but you are free to change your mind at any time.
We may use your personal data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you.
You may receive marketing communications from us if you have given us your contact details when ordering a product or service from us and have not opted out.
In other cases, and when required by the law, we will ask you for your consent to receive marketing from us.
THIRD-PARTY MARKETING
We may share your data from time to time with carefully selected third parties where it is in our legitimate interest and theirs to do so.
This includes third parties who may serve you with targeted media advertising, related to our products and services.
However, these third parties will have no right to send your direct marketing communications by email or text message without your consent.
OPTING OUT
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting customer services at any time.
WHO WE SHARE YOUR DATA WITH
We use a number of third party processors for a number of purposes including; to administer your order and fulfil our products and services; manage our relationship with you; monitor and improve the quality of our services and your experience and to keep you engaged with our business through tailored marketing communications and advertising.
We have data sharing agreements in place which require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers who process data on our behalf to use your personal data for their own purposes.
We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
The processors we use are largely based in the EU or in the US where there are similar protections for personal data.
For further details about the safeguards we put in place when transferring your data outside of the EU, please see International Transfers.
See below to understand more about the industries our processors represent and the types of services they provide:
Financial Services
Payment services providers when you pay in store or online for a product or service; direct debit service providers if you choose to pay monthly for services you take from us or our partners; providers of our console care plans, repairs service and customer finance. If you purchase a service plan from Domestic & General in relation to a product you have bought from us, Domestic & General will process your data in accordance with their Privacy Policy which can be found here
Technology
Customer relationship management (CRM) software provider to record your communications preferences and send you our news and tailored promotions; customer service and engagement software providers to manage and record our conversations with you when you email us, call us, use “Chat” or contact us via social media; provider of the GAMEMarketplace platform; customer survey, research and competition administration service providers; providers of IT systems integration and support; systems performance monitoring and web analytics providers; data mining and analysis software providers; fraud management software providers.
Transport and Logistics
Couriers and other logistics suppliers we use to deliver your order to you.
Media and Advertising
Advertising networks providers when you browse our website; media, broadcast and advertising organisations we may share your data with from time to time.
Business Services
Outsourced customer services provider.
OTHER DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our COOKIE POLICY.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact the DPO.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
From time to time we may use data processors who process your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (EEA).
In these cases, we will always ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to your data
by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission.
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US.
Please contact the DPO if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA.
PROTECTING YOUR DATA
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
If you are concerned about a potential breach of your data, please contact the DPO.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please see below to find out more about these rights:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request")
This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of your personal data
This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data
This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data
Where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data
This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data
We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time
Where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
Object to automated decision-making or profiling
You can ask us not to subject you to automated decision-making or profiling with legal or similar significant effects.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights above, please contact the Data Protection Officer (see About Us for contact details).
No fee usually required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
What we may need from you
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
Time limit to respond
We will to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, it may take us longer to respond but we will notify you and keep you updated.
GAME HELP PORTAL
CONTINUE SHOPPPING
You can opt in to our our mailing list using the link below.
My Marketing Preferences
Cookie Policy
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text file that can be stored on your computer when you visit a web page. Cookies are used to help you navigate the website and to enhance your experience whilst on the website. Cookies enable a website to tailor information presented to you based on your browsing preferences.
Why do GAME use Cookies?
GAME use cookies to collect data about the performance of our websites and to ensure an easy and consistent user experience for our visitors.
GAME may use cookies to personalise web pages during your visit to our websites. We will also use them to remember you for easy navigation and access during your visit.
We may also use cookies to track your visit to our websites and to help us create a profile of your preferences and interests. We will collect data to identify you whilst you are browsing so that we can measure our websites, make improvements in the future and respect your marketing preferences.
Can cookies harm my computer?
No. Cookies do not harm your computer and cannot carry viruses. Cookies are intended to enhance your experience of a website, rather than obstruct it.
More Information About Cookies
For more information about cookies, how to manage them and how they affect your online activities, visit www.aboutcookies.org.
Managing Cookies
GAME use cookies on our all of our websites to improve your shopping experience. These cookies can make it quicker and easier to browse and navigate our websites in the following ways:
They remember items that you have added to your basket so you can buy them later on in your visit
They can remember your previous selections when you are browsing the website
In general, allowing cookies lets you make the most of all the functionalities on our websites, which have been added to give you the best possible shopping experience.
If you would still prefer GAME not to use cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to let you know when a website tries to put one in your browser software.
How to Disable Cookies
Please be aware that if you disable cookies for game.co.uk your shopping journey will be impacted because you will not be able to add items to your shopping cart.
On Your PC
Edge
Select the Three Dots Icon
- Settings
Advanced Settings - View Advanced Settings
Scroll to Cookies
Choose your preferred settings
Internet Explorer
Select the Tools Icon
- Internet Options
Select the Privacy tab - Sites
Choose your preferred settings
Mozilla Firefox
Select the icon with three lines (Burger menu)
Select Options - Privacy & Security
Scroll to Cookies & Site Data - Manage data
Choose your preferred settings
Google Chrome
Select the icon with three dots to load menu
Select Settings
Scroll down to Advanced - Privacy & Security
Content settings - Cookies
Choose your preferred settings
On an Apple Mac
Safari
Select Preferences from Safari menu
Select Privacy icon
Choose your preferred settings
Manage Website data
Chrome for Mac
Select Preferences Chrome menu
Scroll down to Advanced - Privacy & Security
Content settings - Cookies
Choose your preferred settings
Mozilla Firefox
Select Preferences from Firefox menu
Select Privacy & Security - Cookies - Manage Cookies & Data
Choose your preferred settings
Opera
Select Preferences from Opera menu
Select Privacy & Security - Cookies
Choose your preferred settings
Mobile
iPad
Go to Settings -
Select Safari
Scroll to Privacy & Security
Choose your preferred settings
iPhone
Go to Settings -
Select Safari
Scroll to Privacy & Security
Choose your preferred settings
Android
Open Chrome browser - Select three dots icon
Select Settings - Site Settings - Cookies
Choose your preferred settings
All Other Mobile Devices
All Other Mobile Devices Please consult the device owner's manual.
GAME Cookies
For the best experience on any GAME website, your PC, laptop, mobile or tablet will need to accept cookies. Without cookies, you will not be able to make a purchase, or benefit from certain personalised features.
We have listed cookies used on our website below, along with its purpose.
Websphere Cookies
GAME websites have been developed using IBM Websphere Commerce software. This software employs a number of cookies to enable GAME customers to navigate and shop on all of the websites. All these cookies are essential to ensuring a pleasant and easy customer shopping experience. None of the cookies hold Personally Identifiable Information. The most important cookies are described in more detail below:
WC_ACTIVEPOINTER
This cookie remembers whether you are on the GAME.co.uk
WC_AUTHENTICATION
This cookie is used to authenticate the user over SSL connections to ensure that all personal information is totally secure and to confirm that you are the person you claim to be in the checkout.
WC_GENERIC_ACTIVITYDATA
When you navigate the website, our system requires you to be a registered customer, a guest customer or a "generic" customer. This cookie assigns a generic user id to anyone who enters the website via any page other than the homepage (where you are assigned either guest user id or registered user id if signed in).
WC_MEMBERID
This cookie holds an internal id for everyone who is either a guest user or a registered user. This information is used for navigating the website.
WC_PERSISTENT
This cookie holds information about a user to ensure the correct version of the website is being displayed for the user, i.e. the language (English). This cookie also stores your preferences (language, currency etc) to enable easy navigation of website.
WC_USERACTIVITY
This cookie holds user session information to ensure effective navigation between the web browser and the web server, for example going back and forward on web pages. This cookie does not hold any Personally Identifiable Information.
JSESSIONID
This cookie keeps your items in basket for the duration of the browsing session if you are not logged in
These cookies are used to back IBM Websphere, the basis of our website. They ensure the effective running of our site and do not hold any Personally Identifiable Information:
Gameuid
GAMEReturnToCatalog
GAME_USER_MESSAGE
GAME_MERCHANDISING_ID
GAME_USER_TYPE
GAMESession
Apache
LtpaToken2
WC_USERSESSION_1002
WC_USERSESSION-23669148
WC_USERSESSION_ESTABLISHED
WC_ACTIVESTOREDATA
stc113599
Inspectlet cookies
We use Inspectlet to learn how customers use our website so that we can improve your experience. None of the information gathered by Inspectlet is personally identifiable.
__insp_sid - session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_ref - session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_scpt - session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_nv - session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_wid - session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_identity - session cookie, deleted when visit is over
__insp_uid - long-term cookie that contains random ID assigned to visitor
Coremetrics Cookies
GAME websites use Coremetrics analytic software provided by our business partner, IBM. Coremetrics software helps us to measure the performance of our site and to make future improvements based on customer activity. Coremetrics employs a number of cookies to enable this. None of these cookies (listed below) hold Personally Identifiable Information:
_AN_CGCEMAP_COOKIE
CM_CATEGORY_MAP_COOKIE
CM_COOKIE
CMAVID
cmRS
cmTPSet
CoreAt
CoreID5
CoreID6
CoreID9
CoreM_State
90208059_clogin
99999999_clogin
90101362_clogin
CoreM_State_Content
These cookies enable the function of our analytics software, Coremetrics. This software helps us to measure the performance of our websites and analyse information such as visitor numbers, visit lengths, page views and the devices used to browse our websites. We use this data to track trends and improve our websites.
Local Storage Keys
GAMETakeover
This localStorage value and key is used to check if our Homepage Takeover overlay (pop-up) for mobile devices has been viewed, as not to have it display each time the homepage is loaded. The key value will change based upon the campaign name while the local storage can be managed via your browser preferences.
Third Party Cookies
Cookies on the GAME site may also be set by one of our partners who set cookies for a number of different reasons. GAME do not control these cookies. To change your settings for these cookies, please visit the third party site where you will be able to find more information on how to manage the cookies.
Google
Google cookies originate in our PPC campaigns with Google, rewarding them for generating traffic and sales on our website. Examples of the cookies google places on our website: _ga, _gid, _gat, _utma, _untz
Go to Google for more information on managing Google cookies.
Rakuten Marketing and Rakuten Linkshare
Rakuten Marketing Conversion Tag cookies track the activity of affiliates and reward them for generating traffic and sales on our websites.
Adobe Marketing Could
AMCV_###@AdobeOrg  is used by Adobe Marketing Cloud to store a visitor ID
Tealeaf
TLTSID- Tea leaf cookie: Allows us to determine the content that belongs to a session, as well as where each session starts and stops.
Hotjar
_hjIncludedInSample is a Hotjar cookie. This session cookie is set to let Hotjar know whether that visitor is included in the sample which is used to generate funnels. Hotjar helps us gather information on how to improve our website by showing surveys to our visitors
Whoson
The cookie from the Whoson service allows us to provide you with live chat to contact our customer services
.NET
ASP.NET_SessionId is a cookie from the open-source framework that we use to develop dynamic webpages to display content optimised to the size of your screen
AddThis
__atuvc. This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget. This widget is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content
STILL NEED HELP?
CONTACT US
GAME Logo
Our Products
Deals
Accessories
Coming Soon
Pre-owned
Tech | Merchandise
Playstation® | Xbox® | Nintendo®
Our Services
GAME Blog
Pre-order price promise
Trade-in
Pre-owned guarantee
GAME Finance
Store Finder | Store Events
Customer Services
Help Home
Contact Us
Deliveries
Where is my order?
Returns information
Tech Support
Company Information
Gender Pay Gap
Modern Slavery
Careers at GAME
Tax Strategy
Covid-19 Information
About
News
Privacy Centre
Terms & Conditions
Cookies
Copyright
Ways to pay
Email sign-up
Sign up for the latest news, game releases and best deals.
Sign me up
More from GAME
Reward, Elite & App
GAME Reward App
Game Retail Limited. trading as GAME.co.uk - Company Registration No: 7837246 - Company Registered in England Registered Address: Unity House, Telford Road, Basingstoke, Hampshire, RG21 6YJ
GAME Retail Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FRN: 652341). Credit provided by Klarna Bank AB, authorised and regulated by the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority, with limited supervision by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK (FRN: 536065). Registered office: Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, Sweden. Corporation ID number: 556737-0431.
© Game.co.uk 2019 All Rights Reserved
Representative Example:
Representative 19.9% APR (variable)
Purchase rate 19.9% p.a. (variable)
Assumed credit limit £1,200
Subject to status. Terms and conditions apply. Game Retail Limited acts as a broker and not a lender. Commission may be received. We will introduce to PayPal (Europe) S.à rl et Cie, S.C.A, 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449, Luxembourg. ™
COOKIE POLICY
We use cookies belonging to GAME & third parties to provide you with the best experience on our site and deliver marketing based on your interests. By clicking I accept you signify your consent to the use of these cookies. By clicking close we'll assume you are happy to receive cookies from the game.co.uk website. To learn more, please see our COOKIE POLICY.
I accept
Close