https://www.theplasmacentre.com/conditions.php
Why buy from The Plasma Centre ?
FREE UK Mainland Delivery
Saturday Deliveries Available
Authorised UK Seller for all the top brands
28 Day Returns Policy
Dedicated UK Support Team
Showroom open to the public
If you can't find what you are looking for call us
08444 77 98 98
Cookie Usage
We have placed cookies on your device to help make this website better.
You can control cookies we use on our privacy and cookie page. Otherwise we'll assume you're OK to continue.
Some of the cookies we use are essential and our website cannot function correctly without them.
We also use some non-essential cookies to collect information in an anonymous form which help us to improve our site.
To control third party cookies you can also adjust your browser settings.
I'm fine with this
More InformationShow Less
The Plasma Centre | TV Stands, TV Wall Mount Brackets, Furniture & More
Contact Us
Basket
Account
My Account
Track Order
Contact Us
Login
Wish List
Search
We are still open online and delivering. See latest Coronavirus info here
Home
TV Stands & AV Racks
TV Stands
Luxury TV Stands
Speaker Stands
HiFi Stands
Table Top Stands
Stand Accessories
Trolley Stands
DVD / CD Racks
Wall Brackets
TV Wall Brackets
Equipment Support
Soundbar Brackets
Cable Trunking
Ceiling Mounts
Screen Cleaner
iPad Mounts
Projector Mounts
Furniture
Dining Room
Bedroom
Living Room
Office
Home Theatre
Bar Stools
Kids Furniture
Hallway
Bathroom
Occasional Tables
Mirrors
Garden
Soft Furnishings and Accessories
Furniture Ranges
Sound & Vision
Televisions
iPod Docks
Speakers
Home Cinema / DVD
Telescopes
DAB Radio
Headphones
Screen Cleaner
Camera Accessories
Leisure
Gadgets
Cameras
Turntables
Wireless Keyboards
Action Cameras
TV Remote Controls
Binoculars
Smart Accessories
Cables
Cables
Cable Trunking
Equipment Support
Screen Cleaner
Mains Block
For Business
Trolley Stands
Ceiling Mounts
Monitor Mounts
Digital Signage
Video Wall Mounts
TV Wall Brackets
Desks
Office Chairs
Meeting Sets
Cable Routing
Tub Chairs and Sofas
Visitor Chairs
Projectors
Desks & Office
Desks
Pedestals and Cabinets
Computer Accessories
PC Chairs
Desk Mounts
Homeware
Dustbags and Accessories
Dyson
Heaters
Murals
Bathroom Fixtures
Kitchen
White Goods Accessories
Clearance
** Sale **
Quick Links:
TV Stands & Units
Wall Brackets
Departments
TV Stands & AV Racks
Wall Brackets
Furniture
Sound & Vision
Cables
For Business
Desks & Office
Homeware
Clearance
Products By Brand
1Wall (89)
Airsprung (53)
Alphason (253)
Amani (41)
Apollo Hi-Fi (10)
Aspire Furniture (156)
Atacama (94)
Audio Pro (18)
AVF (321)
B-Tech (224)
Baumhaus (236)
BDI (54)
Besp-Oak (13)
Breasley (33)
Breville (2)
Centurion Supports (14)
Coloud (2)
Connect (3)
Core Products (138)
D-Line (2)
Disney (21)
Dorel (76)
Dreamhouse (13)
DSK (158)
Dyson (6)
Fancy Embroidery (69)
Flexson (12)
Frank Olsen (37)
Fresh n Rebel (29)
Gallery Direct (21)
Geneva (16)
Hama Products (68)
Iconic (1)
Joseph Furniture (1)
Jual (97)
Julian Bowen (78)
Just Racks by Spectral (7)
Just-Mounts by Spectral (5)
Konig (6)
Levv (1)
Lloytron (5)
Luxan (621)
Luxury (1)
Maja (52)
Mason and Bailey (86)
MDA Designs (73)
Meade (14)
Miele (2)
Mission (1)
MMT (1)
Morphy Richards (1)
Mount Massive (1)
Multibrackets (67)
Napoleon (32)
Nickelodeon (1)
Numatic (3)
Off-The-Wall (1)
Omnimount (18)
Optimum (37)
Premier Mounts (26)
Prima Viera Deluxe (45)
Provincial Home (12)
Proworks (3)
PS3 QED (3)
Q Acoustics (5)
QED (2)
Relyon (12)
Revero (36)
Revo (3)
Sanus (38)
Sareer Furniture (391)
Savisto (1)
Scansonic (1)
Selsey (17)
Shankar (6)
Sleeptime (37)
So Cute (6)
Soundcast (4)
Spectral (27)
Spirit of Air (78)
Stealth Mounts (33)
Stil Stand (10)
Swanglen (134)
Tannoy (19)
Teknik (17)
Thomson (21)
TNW (93)
Topstar (7)
TTAP (40)
Ultimate Mounts (38)
Ultimum (694)
Universal (5)
Urbanears (1)
ValuBrackets (11)
ValuConnect (34)
Value (3)
ValuFurniture (970)
VELD (15)
Vogels (97)
Walltastic (38)
Wellco (2)
Woood (6)
World Mounts (16)
Xavax (5)
Products By Range
Alphason Carbon
Alphason Chaplin
Alphason Chromium
Alphason Element
Alphason Finewoods
Alphason Francium
Alphason Spectrum
Aston Dining and Living
AVF Affinity
AVF Burghley
AVF Options
Banbury Bedroom
Baumhaus Coastal Chic
Baumhaus Kuba
Baumhaus Roscoe
Baumhaus The Nine Schools
Besp-Oak Rosa
Besp-Oak The Hamptons
Cameo
Como
Corona
Corona Carbon
Cotswold Bedroom
Hampton Dining and Living
Jual Bali Collection
Jual Bella
Jual Curve Grey
Jual Curve Walnut
Jual Florence
Jual Milan
Jual San Francisco
Jual Sorrento
La Roque Office and Living
Mason and Bailey Thunder
Mason and Bailey Tropic
Mobel Dining and Living
Off The Wall Cube
Options Bedside Cabinets
Provence Bedroom
Selsey TV Stands
Shiro Office and Living
TNW Burton
Ultimum Burden
Ultimum Dartmoor
Ultimum Grasmere
Ultimum Lomond
Ultimum Pennine
ValuFurniture Ludlow
Whitehaven
Bracket Finder
Stand Finder
Recommended
Alphason CRO2-1200CPT-BK Chromium Concept Black TV Stand with Speaker Mesh Front
RRP Price £279.99Offer £193.99
New Items
Frank Olsen INTELLAMP-LED-BLK-OAK Gloss Black & Oak Lamp Table with LED Lighting and Alexa Compatibility
£210.00
Top 10 Sellers
1SM-05BC2Sirius1200 ZIN552685/BKI3Ludlow TV Stand4SM-05CS5ZIN502610/BKI6UNIV-17Vision Curve Oak 10008Memphis TV Stand Oak9SM02-22F10SDC1140
97%
of reviewers recommend us
Independent reviews collected by:
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
The Plasma Centre is operated by SDY Limited  440 Dukesway Team Valley Trading Estate Gateshead Tyne and Wear NE11 0PZ United Kingdom
Registered in the UK, number 4859748
Tel No: 08444 77 98 98  Fax No: 0871 900 4137
The following terms and conditions apply to all transactions with The Plasma Centre. The use of this site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. The placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Please read them carefully and print a copy for future reference.
General
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. To order goods through this website you must be at least 18 years of age and accept delivery within the UK. We will treat each order for goods as an offer by you to purchase the goods subject to these terms and conditions.
Making A Purchase: The friendly online store.
Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on 'Checkout Basket' and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
We accept all Major Credit Cards except American Express cards.
If you prefer to make your purchase over the telephone rather than using the secure payment facility on-line - then please just call us on 08444 77 98 98. This number is not a premium line - all calls will be charged at standard low cost local rates.
When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Security
Credit Card Security when the order is placed at our website is our highest priority. Credit card numbers are encrypted using the highest available encryption. All information goes direct to SagePay - they are a secure online payment company who work direct with the banks. We do not see any of your card information when you place an orderDescription of Goods
All the products we sell are of a technical nature and it is not practical to publish detailed specifications of all the products. All images, descriptive matter, specifications and advertising on our site are for the sole purpose of giving an approximate description of the goods. Full detailed specifications are available from the manufacturer's brochures or their websites. All accessories supplied with a product are subject to upgrade or change at the manufacturers discretion. We will supply the product(s) as supplied to us by the manufacturer. Accessories include Memory Cards/Sticks, brackets and TV Stands/Cabinets. This list is not exhaustive.
Competitor Prices
Wherever quoted, competitor prices are from Comet, Dixons, Currys or Argos. The pricing information have either been made accessible by suppliers, manufacturer's, retailers, publications, or been gathered from public-domain sources. The intention of The Plasma Centre is that all prices published should be as accurate and up to date as possible. However, The Plasma Centre cannot guarantee the reliability and accuracy of the information published. All the actions taken by the user are the responsibility of the individual.
Accuracy of Product Information
All product specifications, images and other information published on our website have either been made accessible by suppliers, manufacturer's, publications, publicists, or been gathered from public-domain sources. The intention of The Plasma Centre is that all information on the website should be as accurate and up to date as possible. However, The Plasma Centre cannot guarantee the reliability or the accuracy of the information contained within its pages. All the actions taken by the user of the website are the responsibility of the individual.
Bracket Database
The information contained on this website  is provided in good faith, and every reasonable effort is made to ensure that it is accurate and up to date. The information and specifications on the bracket database are constantly changing in the interest of improvements. Whilst every care has been taken in the preparation of these services, some changes may not have been indicated and may have occurred after publication. The information contained on this website may be changed or updated at any time without notice. The bracket database should be used as a guide only. The customer is responsible for checking that the bracket purchased is suitable for their TV. Care should also be taken to ensure that the bracket chosen is suitable for the wall on which it is to be mounted. The Plasma Centre only ever recommends that the customer should consult a specialist installer / builder for installation advice.
Payment and Price
All prices on our website are inclusive of VAT and delivery charges - the price you see is the price you pay. No hidden charges. The total price payable for the goods will be stipulated at the time when you place your order whether or not the order has been confirmed. We are entitled to make adjustments to the price to take account of any increase in our supplier's prices, or the imposition of any taxes or duties, or if due to an error or omission the price published for the goods is wrong whether or not the order has been confirmed. We will inform you of the correct price and give you the opportunity to cancel the order.
Typographical Errors  In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information from our suppliers, taxes or duty changes, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders listed at the incorrect price whether or not the order has been confirmed. If your credit card has already been charged and we subsequently cancel your order, we will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the value of the incorrect price (including delivery charges).
Payment Methods  On the order you must provide us with your exact billing address and telephone number - the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you. Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your order will only be processed once authorisation of your credit card has been properly received. You may also pay by cheque or postal order although we cannot dispatch the goods until payment has been cleared which can take at least 5 days.
Availability of Goods  All products and services are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. If we do not supply the goods for any reason we will not charge you for these and we will refund any money already paid for them. However, we will not be responsible for compensating you for any other losses you may suffer if we do not supply the goods.
Delivery Information
What are the delivery Options?
Free Standard Delivery
All of our products have a free delivery option for Mainland UK. For the majority of products this will be 3-4 working days but each product will have its own delivery time displayed on the page and at the basket page. Larger items, special order or made to order items have longer lead times to allow for manufacturing or for the specialist handling and delivery they require. We will keep you updated via email of the status of your order and provide tracking for your delivery where possible.
Next Day Delivery
Most products on our website are available with Next Day Delivery for a surcharge. This will be displayed on the product details page. Orders received by 3.00pm will be delivered the following working day – please note that orders received by 3.00pm on Friday will be delivered the following Monday unless the Saturday delivery option is chosen.
Day of Choice Delivery
Most products on our website allow you to choose your preferred day for the delivery to take place. The default service is 3-4 days but you can select your preferred delivery date at the basket page for a small charge.
Saturday Delivery
You can select a Saturday delivery service at the basket page for most items and a surcharge is applied. Please note that certain products are not possible to be delivered on a Saturday and some products due to their size do require a larger Saturday surcharge. All costs for Saturday deliveries are clearly shown at the product details page as well as the basket page.
AM Delivery
You can choose to have your order delivered before 12.30 for an additional charge. The charge is shown at the basket page. Please note that certain products are not able to be delivered on an AM service – this service will not be shown at the basket for these products.
Special Delivery Items
Where a product is not able to be delivered on a next day service it will be delivered using the fastest service possible. An indication of the expected delivery time will be shown on the product details page and at the basket. Please note that this is an indication of the delivery time and is not a guarantee as the delivery time will depend on your postcode and the delivery schedule of the delivery company in your area.
Additional Delivery Information
It is essential that you notify us of any possible restrictions to access into the delivery address. It is the customer’s responsibility to ensure that our delivery vehicles have legal access to the property, these can be long heavy goods vehicles weighing up to 16.5 tons and standing 14’3” tall. Failure to disclose any restrictions may result in an aborted delivery and an attempted delivery charge being levied.
Most of our products are delivered using a one man delivery company. This means the delivery driver will deliver to your front door and is not insured to enter your house. If you live in a block of flats or apartments then the driver will only deliver to the ground floor lobby or communal area. If you require assistance to take your product upstairs then you will need to make suitable arrangements yourself. You may request that the driver helps you take your Order into your home but this is at the discretion of the individual driver. If the driver does agree to help then please note that any damage to your property is under your household insurance as we are unable to accept liability for any damage to possessions or property during delivery.
Two man deliveries for some special order items may deliver to a room of choice and remove all packaging for you. This is a premium service that is designed for some fully assembled items and gives you the satisfaction of not having to unpack the unit and allows you to check for damage. In the rare event that damage occurs, we cannot accept liability for any damage to the delivered product or to the customer’s property while assisting a customer with a request. It is your responsibility to fully check the product for any damage or marks as you will be asked to sign that it has been delivered in perfect condition. Please note that once you have signed for the goods you will not be able to claim for damages afterwards so please take your time – the delivery team are instructed to wait to give you the time needed to ensure you are happy with the product.
Where does The Plasma Centre deliver to?
Mainland UK
All of our products can be delivered to any UK Mainland addresses. Certain postcodes may take 2 days for delivery
Northern Ireland
Northern Ireland delivery options are shown at the basket page where an additional charge is applied. For most products this charge is £9.99 however there are some products which require a larger surcharge or where delivery is not possible. This will be clearly shown at the basket page. Delivery should take 2 – 3 days for this area.
Republic of Ireland
Republic of Ireland delivery options are shown at the basket page where an additional charge is applied. For most products this charge is £4.99 however there are some products which require a larger surcharge or where delivery is not possible. This will be clearly shown at the basket page. Delivery should take 2 – 3 days for this area.
Channel Islands, Isle of Man and Scottish Islands
Delivery options are shown at the basket page where the delivery surcharge is applied. This surcharge is calculated based on the size and weight of the products in your basket. Delivery should take 2 – 3 days for these areas. Please note that some products are unable to be delivered to these areas and will not have this option shown at the basket page.
Returns Policy
If you change your mind or are unhappy with your product then don’t worry we offer an extended returns policy where you can return the item within 28 days for a full refund. Whatever the reason we will take your order back within 28 days for a full refund. You will be responsible for the return of the goods to us and any return shipping costs. We can collect the goods from you and we will only charge you the cost the courier will charge us for the collection. Details of any charges will be advised during the return procedure.
Once your order has been dispatched it cannot be cancelled. If you refuse an order, it will then be treated as a customer return where the return shipping costs will be deducted from your refund.
Under UK Law the distance selling regulations 2000 states that a customer can return the goods for any reason within 7 days of the date after the delivery date provided it is returned with the original packaging and all items returned in the condition they were received.  The Plasma Centre Returns Policy extends this to 28 days to give you extra peace of mind.
If you have opened the box to examine the goods you must have done so without damaging or marking the product or packaging. The goods must not have been used or assembled. You have a duty of care whilst the goods are in your possession and as such we advise you to return the goods with their original packaging to ensure they are not damaged during transit to us. Goods received back incomplete or in a damaged or used condition will either be returned to you and the cost of delivery charged to your account or we reserve the right to levy a surcharge on such returned goods at a minimum 15% of the invoice price.
Please note – some mattresses, usually memory foam mattresses, will arrive vacuum packed. Please do not open the packaging to inspect if the goods are incorrect. There will be clear identification which can be seen through the packaging. For reasons of hygiene, we cannot refund or exchange opened mattresses or mattress toppers unless they are faulty.
How do I Return my order?
Should you wish to return your goods then please contact us on our low rate number 03333 215203 and we will process your return for you. We will then issue you with an RMA number that will need to be added to your retuned goods to enable us to process your refund. Please do not write on the box as the items do need to be returned in a saleable condition. A small label will suffice. Please note that to enable you to return your goods we ask that they are returned as new with all the original packaging with all instructions and screw bags unopened. Unfortunately we are unable to accept returns where they have been assembled or modified in any way. Additional charges may apply if the product is returned in a non-saleable condition.
What happens if your Order is damaged or parts are missing?
We only stock products from major manufacturers who perform all kinds of drop tests to check the packaging is good enough to protect their products so damage in transit is very low.
However if you are unfortunate enough to receive a damaged product then don’t worry we will replace the damaged part or the whole unit depending on the severity of the damage.
Once you sign for the delivery it is signed as delivered in good condition unless you say it is damaged. Please write on the delivery note or drivers hand held device that the item is damaged even if it appears to be only cosmetic damage to the box. This is extremely important to allow us to claim for any damages. If the damage appears to be significant then you can refuse the delivery and the item will be returned to us. We will then organise for a replacement to be sent out at no extra cost to you.
Simply call us on our low rate number 03333 215203 as soon as possible and we will organise for the parts to be sent to you. Our aim is to get the replacement parts to you as quickly as possible at no cost to you. In certain circumstances we ask for photos of any damage to help us to improve the packaging for future customers and to assist with any claims.
Please note that for damaged items we need to be notified within 7 days of the item being delivered. We are unable accept claims for damaged items after 7 days.
If the item is delivered damaged and you no longer want the product then we will arrange to collect the product from you at no cost to you. Once we receive the damaged product we will refund you in full.
If there are parts missing then please call us on our low rate number 03333 215203 and confirm which parts you require. We will ship the replacement parts as quickly as possible at no cost to you.
This returns policy does not affect your legal rights.
Freeview
The majority of UK homes are now able to receive FREEVIEW. However, to avoid disappointment, we do recommend that you check your postcode is in a FREEVIEW coverage area - BEFORE you buy. Go to www.freeview.co.uk to check your post code. If you are in coverage you should be able to receive FREEVIEW with your existing rooftop or loft aerial, provided they are in good condition. However, you may still experience poor quality digital reception and therefore need to get your aerial installation checked.
In some parts of the country FREEVIEW signals use a different frequency or transmitter from your existing analogue service and therefore we recommend you fit a “wideband” type of aerial. The post code check service at www.freeview.co.uk tells you if this applies to where you live. The Plasma Centre cannot therefore guarantee that a Freeview service will work in your area and therefore cannot accept this as a fault with the TV or digital box.
Departments with Price Comparison Data
Where we are unable to offer you the most competitive prices we have integrated the latest price comparison data into the website. This will give you the customer the opportunity to find the best deal available to suit your needs. The information displayed will give you the customer the option to click the link to take you to their site. We do not endorse, sanction or approve any third party website. The Plasma Centre is not responsible for any third party websites data, products or service provided and we do not act as a partner to any third party unless otherwise stated. The Plasma Centre assumes no responsibility for the information created and shown by third party websites. The Plasma Centre has no responsibility for any products purchased through a third party supplier and as such any problems, warranty claims or discrepancies must be made directly to the third party supplier.
Other
You will own the goods once we have received your payment in full. We will issue you with an electronic invoice once we have dispatched the goods to you. Failure by us to enforce any of these terms and conditions will not affect our right to enforce the rest of these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are subject to change at any time without prior notice to you.
The Plasma Centre is operated by SDY Limited  440 Dukesway Team Valley Trading Estate Gateshead Tyne and Wear NE11 0PZ United Kingdom
Registered in the UK, number 4859748
Tel No: 08444 77 98 98 Privacy Policy
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors and customers. Our privacy policy is available HERE
Information
Delivery & Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Shopping Basket
Customer Service
FAQ / Jargon Buster
28 Day Money Back Guarantee
Next Day Delivery
Customers Feedback
Site Services
Bracket Finder
Stand Finder
Bulb Finder
Login
My Account
Previously Viewed Products
Special Offers
Product Search
Support
Contact Us
Address
The Plasma Centre
440 Dukesway
Team Valley Trading Estate
Gateshead
Tyne & Wear
NE11 0PZ
Follow us on:
The Plasma Centre is operated by SDY Limited :: Registered in the UK #4859748 :: All content © The Plasma Centre