https://www.benzerworld.com/privacy-policy/
Don't show this popup again
Free Shipping Worldwide on orders above USD 1000Free Shipping Available in India
Home
Privacy Policy
THE PRIVACY POLICY
Benzerworld.com knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared and we will make sure that it is taken care of and protected. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the Benzerworld website and domain name, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by us in connection therewith (collectively, the "Website"), or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing the Website and when you use our services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that is  not employed or managed by us.
The Usage of Information collected
The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services, and to allow our users to set up a user account and make purchases via the Website.
Benzerworld keeps track of your information to offer you the best possible shopping experience. When you register (log in), you supply your email address and a password. This allows us access to your account every time you visit our Website. Before completing your first purchase, we also ask you for your name, phone number, email, billing and shipping addresses. This information, along with your credit card number, is necessary to fulfill your order. This information may be disclosed to specific members of our staff and to select third parties (such as our credit card processor and shipping provider) involved in the completion of your transaction and delivery of your order. We may also need your email address or phone number to contact you if we have questions about your order. We may also use your email address to notify you about new services or special promotional programs, or send you offers or information if you have opted-in. Emails are sent only to Benzerworld members who have chosen to receive them (opted-in) or who have made a purchase on our website. At any time, you can notify us that you wish to stop receiving these emails. In addition, we keep a record of your past purchases, returns, and credits. We may also ask you for information regarding your personal preferences and demographics to help us better meet your needs.
Privacy Statement
Benzerworld collects client information to make your online shopping experience the very best on the Internet. We respect your privacy, and we assure you that we will maintain and use this information responsibly, and never knowingly share the information with a third party without your consent.
Security Statement
Benzerworld believes in providing a safe and secure shopping experience for all clients with stringent and effective security measures on www.benzerworld.com. It is our policy to never send / share private information, such as your credit card details, via e-mail. In fact, Benzerworld recommends that you adopt this practice in all your Internet activities.
The Security procedures used to protect personal information
Benzerworld is committed to protecting all the information you share with us. We follow stringent procedures to help protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of data stored on our systems The Site encrypts your credit card number and other personal information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology to provide for the secure transmission of the information from your PC to our servers. .Only those employees who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed such access. Any employee who violates our privacy and/or security policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and civil and/or criminal prosecution.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. The cookies do not collect Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.
Browser requirements
For optimal performance, we recommend Internet Explorer versions 7.0 and higher or FireFox versions 3.0 and higher. In addition, we recommend that you set your monitor to a 1024 x 768 pixel resolution or higher to best view the entire site.
Server Statistics
Benzerworld uses reporting software that allows us to analyze the amount and type of member traffic we get on our Website. The software provides aggregate reporting information to Benzerworld only.
In an effort to make our Website as effective and enjoyable as possible, the computers that operate it collect certain information each time you visit. We store these statistics in server logs. Once again, these statistics do not identify you personally, but provide us information regarding the type of user who is accessing our Website and certain browsing activities of that user. This data may include: the IP address of the user accessing our Website (i.e. the unique I.D. number of the user's computer), the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.) and the operating system (Windows, Mac OS, etc.), the Website the user last visited before linking to our Website, how long the user accessed our Website in any given session, and the date and time of access. We may make extensive use of this data at an aggregated level in order to understand how our Website is being used.
Service Providers
Benzerworld may use various outside agencies (third party service providers) to operate the website. For example, we may use third parties to host our Website, operate various features made available on our Website, send emails, analyze data, provide search results and links, and assist in fulfilling your orders. Some of these third parties may need access to your information in order to make the services provided through our Website work. Information will only be disclosed to these service providers on a need-to-know basis, and they will only be permitted to use such information for the purpose of providing the particular services provided by such entities in connection with our Website.
Jurisdiction
This site is created maintained and controlled in India. Benzer is a registered trademark under the Indian Jurisdiction. Benzer makes no representations that the content in this site is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Users who choose to access www.benzerworld.com from any location do so on their own initiative. If you are visiting www.benzerworld.com from a location outside India, your will be connected via the closest server to your location, we run the website via AWS, your orders will be accepted; however every order will be accepted and processed from India. All information you provide will be processed and securely maintained in our web server and internal systems located within India.
Any claim or controversy arising out of or relating to use of or purchase made through this site shall be resolved under the Mumbai (India) Jurisdiction. If for any reason this arbitration provision is determined to be inapplicable, invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable; users hereby irrevocably and unconditionally consent to submit to the jurisdiction of Mumbai (India) and High Courts located in Mumbai (India) for any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to any use; including without limitation of any infringing use or misappropriation of all or any portion of this site or purchase made through this site.
The validity, terms, performance and enforcement of the requirements for use of our site shall be governed and constructed by these provisions and in accordance with the laws of Mumbai High Court; India; without regard to conflicts of law principles. These terms, conditions and disclaimers are intended to be severable. If for any reason these terms, conditions or disclaimers shall be held invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remainder of the terms, conditions and disclaimers shall remain in full force and effect.
Exceptions
Benzerworld may be forced to disclose information in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, administrative or governmental order, or any other requirement of law, or Benzerworld, in its sole discretion, deems it necessary in order to protect our rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk, or to enforce or apply our Website terms of use. Personally identifiable information may be transferred as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale, or other change in control.
Ownership of rights
All rights, including copyrights at Benzerworld remain with Benzer department stores Pvt Ltd and its subsidiaries. Any use of this website or its contents, including copying or storing it in whole or part, for your own personal, commercial and non-commercial use is prohibited without the permission of Benzerworld.
Children's Privacy And Parental Controls
We do not solicit any personal information from children. If you are not 18 or older, you are not authorized to use the Site. Parents should be aware that there are parental control tools available online that you can use to prevent your children from submitting information online without parental permission or from accessing material that is harmful to minors.
Modification And Notification Of Changes
You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use and you unconditionally agree that using this Website signifies your assent to Benzerworld Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Website. Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages.
Benzerworld reserves the right to change the terms of use and this Privacy Policy, at any time. We will post any changes so that you are always aware of our policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.