http://www.dahlias.com/privacy-policy/
Spend $75 and receive FREE Shipping - Now through Spring 2021
Purchase a Gift Certificate(s) and Receive a Free Reusable Tote NOW Through December 16th!
Menu
New
New & Exclusive
New to Us
Shop
Dahlia Tubers
Collections
Fresh Cut Dahlias
Gardening Supplies
Gifts, Clothing & Specialty Items
Gift Cards
Request a Catalog
Our Farm
About Us
Events at the Farm
Contact Us
Photo Contest
Visit Us
Help Center
How to Grow Dahlias
Dahlia Classification
FAQs
Bonus Gift Gallery
Request Our Catalog
Shipping Information
Our Guarantee & Return Policy
Contact Us
Account
Privacy Policy
Who We Are
We are Swan Island Dahlias. Our website address is https://www.dahlias.com/. Effective date: July 30, 2020. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our website and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the website. By using the website, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email addressFirst name and last namePhone numberAddress, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, CityCookies and Usage DataCredit Card Data
We may use your Personal Data to process a transaction, contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you.You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. Examples of Cookies we use
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select "Remember Me", your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
Use of Data
Swan Island Dahlias uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our ServiceTo notify you about changes to our ServiceTo fulfill an order placed through our ServiceTo allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do soTo provide customer supportTo gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our ServiceTo monitor the usage of our ServiceTo detect, prevent and address technical issuesTo provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Swan Island Dahlias legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. Swan Island Dahlias may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with youYou have given us permission to do soThe processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rightsTo comply with the law
Retention of Data
Swan Island Dahlias will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. Swan Island Dahlias will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to, and maintained, on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Swan Island Dahlias will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Swan Island Dahlias may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Swan Island Dahlias may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligationTo protect and defend the rights or property of Swan Island DahliasTo prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the ServiceTo protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the publicTo protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Swan Island Dahlias aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Swan Island Dahlias relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics and Marketing
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, as well as contact you directly via email related to our Service
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
Magento
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store. What we collect and store While you visit our site, we’ll track:
Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewedLocation, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site. When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, credit card/payment details and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
Send you information about your account and orderRespond to your requests, including refunds and complaintsProcess payments and prevent fraudSet up your account for our storeComply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxesImprove our store offeringsSend you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them.
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders. We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. We may store order information for  years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses. We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them. Who on our team has access Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, andCustomer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
Payments using Authorize.net
Our Service uses Authorize.net as the online payment portal for securely processing credit card transactions. Learn more about their Privacy Policy.
What We Share With Others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you; for example -- Google Analytics and Authorize.net
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What We Do With the Information We Gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How We Use Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling Your Personal Information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesIf you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by letting us know using our Contact Us information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email us this request using our Contact Us information.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of Cookies We Collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
Cookie NameCookie DescriptionFORM_KEYStores randomly generated key used to prevent forged requests.PHPSESSIDYour session ID on the server.GUEST-VIEWAllows guests to view and edit their orders.PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CARTA link to information about your cart and viewing history, if you have asked for this.STFInformation on products you have emailed to friends.STOREThe store view or language you have selected.USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIEIndicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.MAGE-CACHE-SESSIDFacilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.MAGE-CACHE-STORAGEFacilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.MAGE-CACHE-STORAGE-SECTION-INVALIDATIONFacilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.MAGE-CACHE-TIMEOUTFacilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.SECTION-DATA-IDSFacilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.PRIVATE_CONTENT_VERSIONFacilitates caching of content on the browser to make pages load faster.X-MAGENTO-VARYFacilitates caching of content on the server to make pages load faster.MAGE-TRANSLATION-FILE-VERSIONFacilitates translation of content to other languages.MAGE-TRANSLATION-STORAGEFacilitates translation of content to other languages.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
CCPA Privacy
Your Rights under the CCPA
Under this Privacy Policy, and by law if You are a resident of California, You have the following rights:
The right to notice. You must be properly notified which categories of Personal Data are being collected and the purposes for which the Personal Data is being used.The right to access / the right to request. The CCPA permits You to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the Company or its subsidiaries to a third-party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes.The right to say no to the sale of Personal Data. You also have the right to ask the Company not to sell Your Personal Data to third parties. You can submit such a request by visiting our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” section or web page.The right to know about Your Personal Data. You have the right to request and obtain from the Company information regarding the disclosure of the following:The categories of Personal Data collectedThe sources from which the Personal Data was collectedThe business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the Personal DataCategories of third parties with whom We share Personal DataThe specific pieces of Personal Data we collected about YouThe right to delete Personal Data. You also have the right to request the deletion of Your Personal Data that has been collected in the past 12 months.The right not to be discriminated against. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of Your Consumer’s rights, including by:Denying goods or services to YouCharging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penaltiesProviding a different level or quality of goods or services to YouSuggesting that You will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
Exercising Your CCPA Data Protection Rights
In order to exercise any of Your rights under the CCPA, and if you are a California resident, You can email or call us or visit our “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” section or web page.
The Company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving Your verifiable request. The time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonable necessary and with prior notice.
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
We do not sell personal information. However, the Service Providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the Service that “sells” personal information as defined by the CCPA law.
If you wish to opt out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under CCPA law, you may do so by following the instructions below.
Please note that any opt out is specific to the browser You use. You may need to opt out on every browser that you use.
Mobile Devices
Your mobile device may give you the ability to opt out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
“Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” on Android devices
“Limit Ad Tracking” on iOS devices
You can also stop the collection of location information from Your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
“Do Not Track” Policy as Required by California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
Our Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals.
However, some third party websites do keep track of Your browsing activities. If You are visiting such websites, You can set Your preferences in Your web browser to inform websites that You do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable DNT by visiting the preferences or settings page of Your web browser.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.
If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent’s consent before We collect and use that information.
Your California Privacy Rights (California’s Shine the Light law)
Under California Civil Code Section 1798 (California’s Shine the Light law), California residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their Personal Data with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
If you’d like to request more information under the California Shine the Light law, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below.
California Privacy Rights for Minor Users (California Business and Professions Code Section 22581)
California Business and Professions Code section 22581 allow California residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
To request removal of such data, and if you are a California resident, You can contact Us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with Your account.
Be aware that Your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us: info@dahlias.com.