http://www.eyeglassfactoryoutlet.com/pages/privacy-policy
"Close Cart"
Shopping Cart
Shop now
Login
Search for products on our site
Search
See more
FREE Shipping On All US Orders Today!
Search
Home
Shop by Frame
See more
"Close Cart"
All Frames
Mens
Womens
Kids
Ray-Ban
Prada
On Sale
Replace Lenses
Account
Log in
Create account
Menu
Cart
Privacy Policy
Eyeglass Factory Outlet offers discount glasses, eyeglasses, and accessories for sale direct to the public, as well as offering our merchandise direct to dealers, distributors, retailers and bulk wholesale purchasers for resale.Eyeglass Factory Outlet has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: eyeglassfactoryoutlet.com.Our website's distributor form and shopping cart require users to give us contact information (such as their name, address and email address). We use customer contact information from these forms to send the user promotional material from our company. The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.This website contains links to other websites. Eyeglass Factory Outlet is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web websites.Our website uses an order form for customers to request our catalog, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (such as their email address) and financial information (such as their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders, information about our company, and promotional material to our customers. Personal credit card information, Names, Addresses and Email addresses are not shared with any other party for any reason. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings (see the List Removal section below).
Security
This website has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We utilize the latest technology in order to assure your privacy. We have a secure server using SSL 3.0 encryption technology on our order form in order to provide security when entering your order information.
Corrections / List RemovalThis website gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided or requesting removal from our email list.