https://www.dougstubes.com/policies
Search
Search
dougstubes@gmail.com   516-314-0357
Blog
My Account
Log In
My Cart
Checkout
Vacuum Tubes for Guitar & Hifi Amps | Doug's Tubes
Preamp Tubes
12AT7 / ECC81
12AU7 / ECC82 / 5814
12AX7 / ECC83 / 7025
12AY7 / 6072
12BH7
12DW7 / ECC832 / 7247
6DJ8 / EF86 / 6 Volt
Misc. 12 Volt
Power Tubes
EL34 / KT77 / 6CA7
EL84 / 6BQ5
6L6 / 5881 / KT66
6550 / KT88 / KT90
6V6 / 7408
7591 / 7868
Misc. Power Tubes
Rectifiers
5AR4 / GZ34
5U4GB
5Y3GT
6X4
6CA4 / EZ81
Misc. Rectifier Tubes
Brands
Ei
Electro Harmonix
Genalex
- Gold Lion
Groove Tubes
Jan Military Tubes
JJ Electronics
Mullard
NOS Tubes
Penta Labs
Ruby Tubes
Sovtek
Svetlana
Tung-Sol
Tube Amp Doctor (TAD)
Valve Art
Gear
Accessories
Pre-Owned Gear
Tube Kits
Mesa Boogie
Marshall
Fender
Vox
Egnater
Peavey
Preamp Tone Kits
Hi-fi
Manley Labs
Rega Research
Joseph Audio
Pre-Owned Hifi
VPI Industries, Inc.
HH Scott
Customer Reviews
FAQ
Home
Policies
Customer Service
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy & Security
Returns & Replacements
Ordering
Payment
Shipping & DeliveryDomestic:All U.S. shipments over 13 ounces are sent insured USPS Priority Mail (a 2-3 day service) for $9.95 and include insurance and handling. This delivery time is only an estimate provided by USPS and not a guarantee or promise! Insurance covers loss or damage while in transit, up until they reach their destination. You will receive a USPS tracking email the evening your order is shipped(the email provided with your credit card payment) or a Paypal email tracking update if paid by Paypal. All orders usually get shipped the same business day they are received before 1pm EST(subject to inventory availability), and you should get your package in 2-3 days. For all orders $105 or over, $7.20 is deducted for free shipping discount, $2.75 remains to cover handling fees.  A shipping option must still be selected during checkout.  Free shipping only applies to vacuum tubes. Please call for a shipping quote before ordering any amps, guitars or gear. ****Important Note**** Please enter any apartment, suite number, etc on the same line after the street address and not on a second line in accordance with USPS address format regulations.
Please contact us if you want USPS Priority Express Mail(1-2 days) for pricing. International:All customers are responsible for their own import taxes (duty), please do not ask us to undervalue any package.  We offer two international shipping options:1) Priority International (6-10 days): $34.30 and up.2) Express International (3-5 days): $49.50 and up.To estimate your countries shipping cost please copy and paste this link into your browser:https://postcalc.usps.comNO SHIPPING TO FREIGHT FORWARDERS IN THE US, YOUR ORDER WILL AUTOMATICALLY BE CANCELLED.There is a minimum tube order value of $75.00 excluding shipping costs for all International packages.Paypal processes all shopping cart transactions, a USPS tracking email is sent by Paypal after your order is shipped. Please check your spam folder!
Privacy & Security
Under the Data Protection Act, we have a legal obligation to protect any information we collect from you. We take appropriate security measures to safeguard your data and apply security standards & controls to prevent any unauthorized access to it.
When you visit this website, your IP address, browser and version, operating system and the site you came from are stored in a log file. This information is only used for statistical purposes to help improve this site. Log files do not contain any personal information.  We do not use cookies for collecting personal information and we will not collect any information about you except that required for administration of the web server.  If you send us an e-mail message, we will use your e-mail/postal address and any information you provide to deal with and respond to your query or comments. We do not share any of your information with any outside source.
We will permit only authorized employees, who are trained in the proper handling of customer information, to have access to that information.  This privacy statement applies only to websites belonging to and operated Doug's Tubes, Inc. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party web sites that may be linked to our web pages.
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)To improve customer service(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site featureTo send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? We do not use cookies.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.California Online Privacy Protection Act ComplianceBecause we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Online Privacy Policy Only This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.dougstubes.comYour Consent By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 7/1/2011Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below. http://www.dougstubes.comDoug's Tubes, Inc.188 Tally Lane Wantagh, New York 11793United Statesdougstubes@gmail.com516-314-0357
Returns & ReplacementsReturns are considered only for defective vacuum tubes by the original purchaser, we do not accept returns for:- tubes you purchased for amp you decided not to buy, an amp you sold or returned, or tubes you decided you weren't going to use(always keep spares!)- non-defective tubes, for example, failure to achieve tonal bliss or used to troubleshoot your amp.- failure to meet testing/matching standards on any equipment other than our own.(Maxi/Multi-Matcher, Maxi-Pre, VTV dual triode characterizer, Amplitrex AT1000)- tubes that have been broken, abused- installed, or biased improperly (or not rebiased at all)- tubes that have been installed in circuits for which they were not designed for and that exceed manufacturers maximum ratings as published on industry tube data sheets.- tubes installed for the first time in kit assembled amps, homemade/clone or modified amps, please make sure your homemade clone amp works first before installing our tubes. Any returns not related to defective tubes will be at our discretion and then subject to a 15% restocking fee.We offer replacements or refund at our discretion if a tube fails to meet normal service excluding abuse according to the periods defined above.  Please contact by email with a description of the issue(s) for a return authorization number, do not call.  All tubes must be returned with their original packaging before replacements are sent out.  Customers are responsible for shipping costs for returns to us, we will be responsible for USPS First Class or Priority shipping costs back to the customer.  Return shipping charges will be incurred if your returned tubes are found to be working properly.  Vacuum tube warranty's apply to the original purchaser only.Removal of any stickers or labels voids the warranty.
All Electro Harmonix tubes come with a 90 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All Tung-Sol tubes come with a 90 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All TAD tubes come with a 30 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All Penta Lab power tubes come with a 550 hour or 6 month warranty from the date of your purchase. Power tube warranty is prorated for time used as follows: The first 90 days qualify for 100% replacement, 91-120 days 50%, 121-150 up to 180 days 25%.
All Penta Labs preamp tubes come with a full 6 month warranty.
All winged =C= tubes come with a 90 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All Svetlana tubes come with a 90 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All Ruby chinese Shuguang tubes come with a 6 month warranty from the date of your purchase.
All JJ tubes come with a 3 month warranty from the date of your purchase.
All Sovtek tubes come with a 90 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All Mullard tubes come with a 90 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
All NOS / Ei tubes come with a 30 day warranty from the date of your purchase.
Ordering1. Shop Online - Through the use of our new shopping cart.2. Phone/Email Order - Call us at 516-314-0357 or Email us to place your order.3. Money order or personal check to:Doug's Tubes, Inc188 Tally Lane Wantagh, NY 11793
PaymentWe accept Paypal, Visa,  Mastercard, and Discover Card.
Shop By
Shopping Options
Category
Preamp Tubes
(4)
Power Tubes
(3)
Rectifiers
(2)
Brands
(5)
Gear
(1)
Tube Kits
(2)
Hi-fi
(3)
Tube Type
Preamp Tubes
(0)
Power Tubes
(2)
Rectifiers
(1)
Tone Kits
(0)
Brand
Electro Harmonix
(2)
NOS Tubes
(1)
Price
$0.00 - $1,000.00
(11)
$4,000.00 - $5,000.00
(1)
Community Poll
What kind of power tubes does your amp use?
EL34
6L6GC
KT77
6CA7
KT88
6550
EL84
6V6
5881
KT66
Vote
Doug's Tubes, Inc.
188 Tally Lane
Wantagh, NY 11793
Mon-Thurs 11am-6pm EST
Friday 11am-4PM EST
Saturday and Sunday Closed
Call to place an order:
516-314-0357
Email for tube recommendations:
dougstubes@gmail.com
Online Payment System
© 2002-2020 Doug's Tubes, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
About Us
Policies
Services
Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Blog