http://www.beveragesdirect.com/pages/privacy-policy
Close menu
Shop
See More
"Close Cart"
Sodas
Beverage Samplers
Beverages
Subscribe & Save
Sale
Info
See More
"Close Cart"
FAQs
Shipping
Track Order
Contact Us
About Us
Blog
Reviews
Log in
View Cart
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL ORDERS $35+
Help
Log in
0
Ultimate Root Beer Samplers Make Great Gifts! Click Here >
Ultimate Root Beer Samplers Make Great Gifts! Click Here >
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The security of your personal information is important to us.  Any and all information that our customers give us is safe, secure, and private. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).  To learn more about SSL, follow this link
http://www.digicert.com/ssl.htm.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We can guarantee, however, that your private information will never be sold or solicited to other companies. We may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with a legal process served on our web site.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send an email to us at
www.beveragesdirect.com.
The Way We Use Information:
The information we collect to complete your order includes billing addresses, credit card number, shipping addresses, phone numbers of third parties (such as family, friends or other) if user chooses to have purchases sent to a different location.  Email addresses are also collected when a user signs up for a newsletter from Beverages Direct at different points on the website such as the homepage or during the payment process/order form. The information collected during order entry will be used only to complete and deliver the order and is not used for any secondary purposes.  Service related emails are sent to communicate with you regarding your order such as sending you order confirmations and following up with issues regarding your order.  Users are not able to opt-out of receiving these types of emails.
We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete your order such as the manufacturer who will be shipping the order (i.e. BeveragesDirect) the shipper (i.e. UPS or FedEx), credit card processor to facilitate payment, or email service provider to provide promotional material. This includes billing addresses, shipping addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses. Third party providers are only allowed to use personal information for the purpose of fulfilling the order and not for any secondary purposes.
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically with a third party tracking utility and store it in log files.  We set cookies from within our hosted store which provides aggregated usage information to the site. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data.
We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, and to track users’ movements around the site and to gather shopping trends information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information when there is no purchase made. When a purchase is made the products viewed by the customer are connected to the personally identifiable information. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information within our system but Beverages Direct does not use this information for any purpose.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes or incorrect information has been submitted you may correct it by contacting us with the updated information. You may contact us via email at
info @ beveragesdirect.com or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact us at
info @ beveragesdirect.com or through our Contact Us page.  You should receive acknowledgement of your inquiry within 24 hours.
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.  If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact us:
BeveragesDirect 20 Danada Square West Suite #305 Wheaton, IL 60189
info @ beveragesdirect.com
If you would like to receive our newsletter, please visit enter your email address in the footer section below.  If you later wish to unsubscribe from the newsletter follow the unsubscribe instructions within the newsletter.
Last updated 6/30/2015
Top of page
is added to your shopping cart.
Continue Shopping
Go To Cart