http://www.genosgarage.com/privacy_policy
X
Sign up to keep in touch
You will receive regular email updates on specials, new products and maintenance tips for your Ram Turbo Diesel pickup.
We value your privacy.
Your information will not be shared with third parties.
You may unsubscribe at any time.
No Thanks
Request a Catalog
Create Account / Sign In
Track My Order
My Account
Quick Order
Wishlist
Request a Catalog
Phone Order: (800) 755-1715 | Tech: (770) 886-2500
Instructions and Videos
Tech Information
New Products
Clearance Products
Home » privacy policy
PRIVACY POLICY
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Geno's Garage, Inc. website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and
register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at
these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information (etc.)
Truck information to improve the quality
of each shipment (minimize errors and reships)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
THE WAY WE USE INFORMATION
We use the information you provide when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about others when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery.We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
HOW TO CONTACT US
Should you have questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 800.755.1715; send us an email at rpatton@ix.netcom.com; or mail us a letter
at:
Geno's Garage
1150 Samples Industrial Drive
Cumming, GA 30041
Thank you for your
business.
Products and prices subject to change without notice.
© Copyright 2020 GENO'S GARAGE
Ram Cummins and Ram 1500 EcoDiesel Parts & Accessories
1150 Samples Industrial Drive • Cumming, Georgia 30041
Order Line: (800) 755-1715 • Tech Line: (770) 886-2500 • FAX: (770) 886-8811
Business Hours: 8:30AM-5:30PM EST, Monday-Friday
"Awesome service here. I was not expecting a bag of popcorn, a couple free decals and informational installation instructions for one of the parts I received, plus it came with new bolts! I have never gotten anything like this from an order. Very glad I got more than I paid for! Shipping was very fast too. I wish more companies would do things like this for their customers. Thank you!"- Mat H.
more testimonials
Turbo Diesel Register
Mopar Filter Sale
Garage Sale!
New Products
Body
Brakes
Dashboard and Related
Drain Plugs, Drain Valves
Drivetrain
Electrical
Emblems and Decals
Engine
Engine Cooling
Exhaust and Emissions
Exterior
Filters, Belts, Hoses, Gaskets and Seals
Fuel System
Gauges, Gauge Mounts and Related
Heating and Air Conditioning
Interior
Lighting
Manuals
Miscellaneous (Books, Key Chains, License Plates, Signs and More)
Seat Covers
Splash Guards
Steering
Steps
Suspension
Tools
Towing
Transmission
T-Shirts, Caps and Other Apparel
Winter Related
Wheels and Tires