http://www.chenevix-trench.co.uk/pages/terms-and-conditions
Log in
Basket (0)
Checkout
Home
Bespoke
Bespoke
Re-Design
Online Shop
Earrings
Rings
Necklaces
Bracelets
Cufflinks
Gifts
Signature Collection
About
Woodbridge Shop
Other Services
Delivery
Terms, Conditions & Privacy Policy
Guides
About Diamonds
About Pearls
About Gold
FAQs
Gallery
Designs
Stories
Contact
COVID-19 On Line orders info
Terms and Conditions
We recommend that you read this section of the site prior to purchasing as it provides you with important information regarding the terms and conditions that govern your use of the site and also provides other information that you will find useful on ordering, delivery and returns. OrderingSome items are "one offs" or of limited stock. All items offered are subject to availability at the time of order. Your order will be processed once stock levels and availability has been checked and once credit card payment has been authorised. Should any items you have ordered be out of stock we will contact you to let you know availability or expected delivery dates. Care is taken to portray and describe items accurately giving you as much detail as possible in the photographs. There may be some slight differences due to natural variations in the gem materials and the electronic process used to transmit the details on the web site. Products shown are not actual size. All lengths are approximate. All prices are in Pounds Sterling and include VAT at the prevailing rate for UK and EU customers.  We do not discount prices for overseas customers. DeliveryWe aim to despatch goods that are in stock within 3 working days of receipt of order.
For goods up to the value of £50 you can choose delivery by either 1st class post or insured special delivery. Goods over £50 in value can be sent by special delivery which is a next day service (excluding holidays) for orders received before 1 p.m. Tuesday - Thursday, includes insurance cover and will require a signature on receipt. We recommend orders over £100 should be sent insured special delivery. We accept credit card orders from overseas. Overseas delivery starts at £20 depending on weight. For further details of delivery charges please contact our office. Only one delivery charge will be made for your order providing that it is all being delivered to the same address. If you have requested multiple delivery address then a delivery charge will be applied for each address. You will find details of delivery charges with options at the check out point when ordering. Returns PolicyAn item with the exception of earrings and commissioned pieces may be returned for a refund for any reason within 7 days of receipt provided that the item is returned in the original packaging, unworn or unused, in new and unaltered condition. The returned item must be hand delivered or sent postage paid and insured for the full purchase price in the same way it was received. Chenevix Jewellery is not responsible for any jewellery or item that is not returned in the time frame and manner detailed above. The refund will be made in the same form of payment that the original item was purchased.  NB: Due to its bespoke nature all commission work is non returnable and non refundable.
In the event that an item is damaged or faulty on arrival please return to us within 7 days. Items will be replaced or credited provided the damage occurs prior to delivery or if it is clear that there is a manufacturing fault. Items considered to have been mistreated or damaged through wear and tear after delivery to the buyer cannot be replaced or credited. The issuing of replacements and credit notes is at the discretion of Chenevix Jewellery.. StringingStrung necklaces are guaranteed for 6 months from purchase date for normal wear and tear. Stretch bracelets are guaranteed for 1 month from purchase date. Should you have any problems with items that need restringing out of guarantee we do provide a stringing service, please contact us for details. This site contains exclusive and original designs the copying of which is strictly forbidden. In the event of any unauthorised copying, Chenevix Jewellery is entitled to take legal proceedings against the customer, wholesaler or manufacturer.
Bespoke Commission OrdersWe are happy to discuss ideas for redesign and special commission work and to give approximate estimates free of charge.  If drawings and detailed estimates are required for individual projects these will be charged for in advance with the cost being deducted from the final bill once the piece is completed.  Once drawings and design work is agreed a 50% deposit will be required on confirmation of order with the final balance due on completion of the piece.  Subsequent alterations and resizing of rings will be charged for separately.  Workmanship is guaranteed for one year under normal wear and tear conditions.  Any faults that occur outside these parameters can be rectified but charges will apply.  NB:  Due to its bespoke nature all commission work is non returnable and non refundable.
CopyrightThe contents of this site and the site as a whole are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. Permission is given to download or copy contents displayed on the site for the sole purpose of placing an order or for using the site as a shopping resource. No right, title or interest is transferred as a result of any such downloading or copying. GeneralThis site is governed by UK Law. We shall not be liable to you for any failure to deliver goods ordered or any delay caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control. We update and edit this site on a regular basis but we cannot guarantee that the site and its contents are completely free of errors. We are not liable for any damages associated with use of this site however caused, incorrect prices or information. Chenevix Jewellery reserves the right to refuse to supply to any person for whatever reason.
Privacy Policy
SummaryUnder data protection law you have specific rights.  In order to communicate these rights to you in a clear and concise manner we have set out our policy below.
We respect your full rights to the protection of your personal information and we take great care to safely store your details. The details that we store enable us to enhance our efficiency in dealing with queries regarding purchases, repairs or enquiries you make with our company or for marketing purposes.  The details we store may include: name, address, telephone numbers, email address and purchase/repair/commission details.
If you want to alter how we use your information of if you wish to be taken off our mailing list altogether, please contact us by email at sales@chenevixjewellery.co.uk or write to us at 40 Market Hill, Woodbridge, Suffolk IP12 4LU and we will quickly act on your request.
Social MediaWe will never knowingly share any personal information on social media platforms.  We currently use Instagram to show commission work photographs or products available in our shop.  For Instagram privacy policy please see their platform:  https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875
Personal Information We CollectionWhen you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information”.
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
- “Web beacons”, “tags”, and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How Do We Use Your Personal Data?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally, we use this Order Information to:
- Communicate with you;
- Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
- When in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
Sharing Your Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
We also use MailChimp for newsletter mailings: https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a legal order, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
Do Not TrackPlease note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
Your RightsIf you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Data RetentionWhen you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
ChangesWe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
Contact UsFor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by email at sales@chenevixjewellery.co.uk or by mail using the details provided below:
Re: Privacy Compliance OfficerChenevix Jewellery, 40 Market Hill, Woodbridge, Suffolk IP12 4LU