http://www.hearinghelpexpress.com/privacy-policy
Toggle menu
Search
an IntriCon Company
Search Keyword:
account
Cart
Search
Search
digital hearing aids
Shop by Price
$399-$499
$599-$799
$799+
shop all prices
Shop by Fit
in the ear hearing aids
behind the ear hearing aids
ready to wear hearing aids
personalized hearing aids
shop all fits
Shop by Programming
personalized programming
standard programming
shop all hearing aids
Shop by Power Level
mild hearing loss
mild to moderate hearing loss
moderate hearing loss
severe hearing loss
profound hearing loss
personalized hearing loss
shop all hearing levels
All digital hearing aids
rechargeable
Sound Amplifier
hearing aid batteries
Shop by Size
10 (yellow)
13 (orange)
312 (brown)
675 (blue)
Shop by Price
from $24.84
from $25.92
from $26.64
from $29.99
Shop by Battery Brand
eco-gold
ecopack
PowerOne
rayovac
Shop by Battery Tab Length
tab free
regular tab
long tab
Shop Battery Care
battery tester
battery care kit
All hearing aid batteries
hearing aid accessories
Shop Hearing Aid Cases
hearing aid cases
Shop Replacement Pieces
replacement tips
replacement tubing
shop all replacement pieces
Shop Service Plans
protection plan
cleaning care plan
shop all service plans
Shop Cleaners
hearing aid dryers
hearing aid wipes
ear care
shop all cleaners
All hearing aid accessories
Hearing Loss Support
Sign in
or Register
My Cart
Home
privacy policy
This website is operated by Hearing Help Express, Inc. and this privacy policy applies to this website only.
At Hearing Help Express, Inc., we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy, so we've instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled safely and responsibly.
what information do you collect?
We collect various types of information depending on how you use our site. When you order from us, we collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, and credit card number (with expiration date). When you become a Hearing Help Express, Inc. registered user, we may collect your name, mailing address and password. This information is gathered to make your shopping experience as a registered user as quickly and easily as possible. When you submit a question to customer service, we need your email address to respond, and you also may provide us with various additional information to help us answer your question. We may also receive some information about you from other sources and may add it to your account information. For example, we might get your updated address from a shipper. We may acquire customer lists from other parties so that we may invite new people to visit Hearing Help Express, Inc.
do you use cookies?
At Hearing Help Express, Inc., we use two kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. Once you exit your browser, they go away. We use session cookies to maintain information we need to have in order for you to shop at Hearing Help Express, Inc. For example, the Session ID cookie that we ask your browser to hold retains the ID for your shopping bag. Without the Session ID cookie, you can't add merchandise to your bag and carry it to Checkout.
Cookies can be used by a Web site to recognize you. But that does not necessarily mean any personal information is stored in the cookies. At Hearing Help Express, Inc., we store no personal information about you in the cookies. Anything you choose to tell us about yourself (such as your address and email address) is stored safely and separately on our secured servers, and you need to provide a password to access it.
how do you use my information?
We may use your information in a number of ways, including the following: To enhance your online shopping experience: for example, we may use it to recognize you and welcome you to the site. For marketing and promotional purposes: for example, we send out email and direct mail to our online and store customers about products or events that we think may be of interest to them. We may also send you offers for discounts or free services (e.g., free shipping) on our site or in our stores.
do you share my information?
The information gathered may be shared with third parties, including responsible companies with which we have a relationship. For example: when you make a purchase, we may share information about you and your transaction with other companies for the purpose of processing your transaction, including fraud prevention, vendor direct shipping and credit card authorization. Some of our vendors may work closely with us to ship your order directly to you. In certain instances, we may share certain information about you with that vendor. Like other companies, Hearing Help Express, Inc. may use third party advertising companies to serve ads (e.g., banners or links) on its behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is anonymous. In most of the above situations, these third parties will receive your information because you will be visiting their Web sites or using their links and, in doing so, you may provide information directly to them. You therefore should refer to their privacy policies to understand how they handle your information and what kinds of choices you have. Hearing Help Express, Inc. may also share your personal information with outside companies that perform services for Hearing Help Express, Inc.. For example, we may retain an outside company to manage a database containing certain customer information or to create and distribute an email offering. In those situations, the outside party is performing work for Hearing Help Express, Inc., and Hearing Help Express, Inc. takes appropriate steps designed to ensure your information is used only to provide the services requested by Hearing Help Express, Inc., and not for other purposes.
Additionally, Hearing Help Express, Inc. may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with law or to protect our interests or property. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud, credit or debt collection.
And in the event that some or all of the business assets of Hearing Help Express, Inc. are sold or transferred, we generally would transfer the corresponding information about our customers.
Finally, Hearing Help Express, Inc. may share your personal information with unrelated outside companies so that they can directly market their products or services to you if we feel that a company offers products or services that we believe may be of interest. We also may provide you with the opportunity to sign up on our Website to receive such email offers.
is my information secure?
Hearing Help Express, Inc. is committed to doing its best to maintain the security of information collected on our site. To try to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place the appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Encryption is a process by which a message or information is scrambled while it is in transit to Hearing Help Express, Inc. It is based on a key that has two different parts, public and private. The public part of the key is distributed to those with whom you want to communicate. The private part is for the recipient's use only. So long as you use a browser that allows for encryption, when you send personal information to us, you use a public key to encrypt your personal information. If your information is intercepted during the transmission, it is scrambled and very difficult to decrypt. Once we receive your encrypted personal information, we use the private part of our key to decode it.
what choices do I have regarding the use of my information?
We provide you with a number of choices regarding our handling of your personal information.
If you do not want to receive emails from Hearing Help Express, Inc. and/or do not want us to share your information with unrelated third parties for marketing purposes, please submit a request electronically by doing the following:
Please send an email to web@hearinghelp.com with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line. In the e-mail please include "Please do not send me email" if you do not want us to send you e-mails or "No third party sharing" if you do not want us to share information with a third party.
Note: Once you have submitted your request you should assume that it has been successfully received and your request is being processed. Please allow us 10 business days from when the request was received to complete the removal.
You may also use the address and phone number above to request that we not disclose your personal information to unrelated third parties for marketing purposes. If you choose to write to us, please include your name, address and credit card account number (if you have one) and state "No Third Party Sharing" in your request.
additional provisions under GDPR
If you are in a country that is governed by the European Union General Data Privacy Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), then you may be a “data subject” and the following may be applicable to you:
To the extent GDPR regulations regarding the processing of your personal data (“Personal Data”) apply to Hearing Help Express, Inc. under certain circumstances we may be considered a “data controller.” Personal Data includes your name, address, email address, telephone number, job title, credit card information, social security number, and geolocation, some of which we may collect and process and some of which may be collected and processed by third parties. These third parties may be considered “data controllers” in their own right, and you should review their privacy policies. For example, when you place an order for our products, you provide a billing and shipping name, address, phone number, and email address, and this information is processed and maintained using a third-party program. Credit card information is acquired and maintained by another third party, not Hearing Help Express, Inc. Information on shipping is processed by theappropriate shipper.
We process your Personal Data only as necessary to offer and provide products to you. Our legal basis for processing includes:
Providing the products that you have purchased from us.
Complying with legal requirements.
Managing and improving our website and our relationship with you.
Providing you with information about our products and offerings.
We will retain your Personal Data only for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill your order and offer additional products to you. We also retain your Personal Data for the time necessary to meet legal requirements and any applicable statute of limitations.
Because Hearing Help Express, Inc. is in the United States, your Personal Data for which we may be considered the data controller will be transferred to the United States. We do not know where other providers may transfer your Personal Data.
Depending upon the laws applicable to you, the following rights may apply:
You have the right to object to our processing your Personal Data and, upon receiving such notice, we will stop processing your data, which may mean we cannot ship products to you. For example, without your Personal Data we will not be able to arrange for shipping products to you.
You may restrict our processing your Personal Data.
You may ask to update your Personal Data on a going-forward basis.
You may request a copy of your Personal Data that we have stored and maintained.
You may request that your Personal Data be deleted, but some Personal Data may not be deleted for legitimate legal reasons.
You may request that your Personal Data be transferred to another party.
If you ask to exercise any of the above rights, you must send the request to web@hearinghelp.com. We will respond to your request as soon as possible.
×
OK
SHOP
Digital Hearing Aids
FDA-listed Hearing Aids
Custom Hearing Aids
Hearing Aid Accessories
Shop by Hearing Loss
SUPPORT
Contact Us
Hearing Assessment
FAQs
45-Day Guarantee
Shipping Info
Returns & Exchanges
Warranty
LEARN
Hearing Loss
Hearing Support
Testimonials
Get Started
For a Loved One
Request a Catalog
Blog
ABOUT US
About Us
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
GET CONNECTED
800-467-4515
web@hearinghelp.com
Powered by BigCommerce
© 2020 Hearing Help Express