http://www.coppertone.com/meta-pages/privacy-statement
Meta Pages
Privacy Statement
Top
1. Scope and Purpose of Policy.
You should carefully review this privacy policy before using this website. By using this website or taking advantage of any service accessed through this website, you signify your assent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use this website or our services accessed through it.
Beiersdorf, Inc. (“Beiersdorf”) respects the privacy of its users and recognizes the importance of providing a secure environment for them. Beiersdorf knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This privacy policy describes how Beiersdorf collects, stores, and uses the information you provide on this website. You should carefully review this privacy policy before using this website or services provided through this website. This privacy policy applies only to information collected through this website and not to any information collected from us or through us offline. This privacy policy complies with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Privacy Policy.
Please note that, when you link to other websites from this website, this privacy policy does not apply to, and cannot control the activities on, those other sites. Please check those websites for their own privacy policies.
2. Changes to Policy.
This privacy policy may change from time to time, so please review these terms periodically to ensure that you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of this website will signify your acceptance of any changes.
3. Collection of Personal Information.
When you are asked for information while on this website, you are sharing that information with Beiersdorf, its parent, and its various affiliates and sister companies, unless specifically stated otherwise. As a result of that sharing, you may receive communications from any of those Beiersdorf affiliates. In addition, some services offered by Beiersdorf through this website are provided in conjunction with third parties with which Beiersdorf has a business relationship. If your Personal Information is being collected by a company other than Beiersdorf, you will be so notified at the time that the process for the collection of that Personal Information is initiated. If you do not want to have your Personal Information so shared, please do not elect to use the service or facility for which that Personal Information is collected.
Beiersdorf collects information from you when you register on this website, respond to a survey or to a communication such as an email, or use other services on this website. Those other services may include, for example, the creation of a profile page, participation in forums or the provision of facilities to permit you to post media content such as images and text. Beiersdorf stores that information or may use third parties under contract.
Specifically, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
Yes
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
Yes
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
Yes
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
Yes
E. Biometric information
Genetic, physiological, biological, behavioral characteristics, including DNA that can be used on its own or in combination with each other, or other identifying data, to establish an individual’s identity. Also includes faceprint, voiceprint, keystroke patters or rhythms, gait patters or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
No
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Including, but not limited to browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
Yes
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location
Yes
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
No
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history
No
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
No
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Yes
Beiersdorf obtains the above categories of personal information from the following sources:
- Directly and/or indirectly from your activity on our website.
- From third parties that we engage to help provide services to you.
- Publicly available databases.
Beiersdorf uses certain technologies described in Section 7 below to collect non-identifiable information about you.
4. Security of Personal Information.
Beiersdorf has taken reasonable steps to provide that all Personal Information collected through this website will remain secure. In addition, Beiersdorf will take reasonable steps to require that any third parties that may be receiving transfers of Personal Information will provide sufficient protection of that information.
You can help Beiersdorf to protect your Personal Information by: (i) using a secure web browser; (ii) not sharing any password or log-in data with others; and (iii) changing your password frequently.
5. Use of Personal Information.
The Personal Information you provide allows Beiersdorf to do the following:
(i) fulfill your orders for goods and services;
(ii) alert you of new products or services, features, updates and enhancements;
(iii) handle your customer service or technical support questions or issues;      (iv) personalize your experience while using our services;      (v) deliver the type of content, product offerings and promotions in which you are most interested; and      (vi) notify you of upgrade opportunities, contests, promotions, or special events and offers.
Beiersdorf does not sell, rent, license, trade or exchange Personal Information with or to any third parties, except as otherwise provided in this privacy policy.
Beiersdorf may share your Personal Information among its affiliates worldwide. They may use your Personal Information to offer products and services to you consistent with the purposes identified in this privacy policy. Beiersdorf may use your Personal Information for internal marketing, profiling or demographic purposes, so as to adapt products and services to better to suit your anticipated needs.
6. Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties.
Beiersdorf may need to disclose items of your Personal Information to third-party vendors to fulfill product orders or prizes, to process mailings, or to process, analyze, or store data on Beiersdorf’s behalf. The categories of third parties we disclose your Personal Information to are:
- Our parent company.
- Our affiliates.
- Service providers.
- Other third parties you or your agent authorizes for us to provide products or services to you.
Those third parties are not authorized by Beiersdorf to use or disclose your Personal Information for any purpose other than for use in connection with the provision of services designated by us or the delivery and processing of orders for goods. Beiersdorf will take reasonable measures to have those third parties maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the Personal Information they obtain from it.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of persona information for business purposes:
- Category A (Identifiers)
- Category B (California Customer Records)
- Category C (Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law)
- Category F (Internet or other similar network activity)
- Category I (Professional or employment-related information)
Beiersdorf reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information as required or permitted by law. This includes, but is not limited to, a response to a subpoena, court order or other legal process, or in special cases when there is reason to believe that disclosing Personal Information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against you if Beiersdorf believes that you may be violating your agreements with it (including, without limitation, any applicable terms of use), or may be causing injury to, or interference with, Beiersdorf, any other user of this website or any service, the general public or other third parties. You may be asked whether you wish to receive information from third parties; upon your consent, Beiersdorf or those third parties may use your Personal Information to contact you. However, Beiersdorf cannot control the activities of third parties to whom it provides data. Beiersdorf cannot guarantee that they will adhere to similar privacy and security procedures.
7. Transfers of Personal Information.
The Personal Information you provide to Beiersdorf may be transferred as an asset in connection a merger or sale involving all or part of Beiersdorf or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change of control. As part of its business operations, Beiersdorf may transfer Personal Information to recipients in countries that do not provide the same level of legal data protection as the country from which you access our website or services. By using the Coppertone website or services, you consent to the transfer of Personal Information and to the processing by Beiersdorf of that Personal Information.
8. Consumer Rights
The CCPA provides California Residents with specific rights regarding accessing and deleting personal information. The below describes your rights and how you can exercise them, as well as Beiersdorf’s responsibility in providing you a response.
Right to Access
You have the right to request that we disclose how we collect and use your personal information. After we receive and verify your request, we will disclose:
- Categories of Personal Information Beiersdorf collects about you.
- Categories of sources for your Personal Information Beiersdorf collects.
- Beiersdorf’s business/commercial purpose for collecting or selling your Personal Information.
- Categories of third parties with whom Beiersdorf shares your Personal Information.
- Specific pieces of your Personal Information collected.
Right to Delete
You have the right to request the deletion of your Personal Information that Beiersdorf has collected. This right, however, does not apply if Beiersdorf has a business need to retain your Personal Information to perform any of the following actions:
- Provide goods or services to you.
- Detect or resolve security issues or functionality-related issues.
- Comply with the law or legal obligation.
- Protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent activity.
- Conduct research in the public interest.
- Safeguard the right to free speech.
- Carry out any actions for internal purposes you may reasonably expect Beiersdorf to carry out
Data Portability and Beiersdorf Response
Upon receiving your request to access and verifying your request, Beiersdorf will do our best to provide the necessary information collected in the immediately preceding 12 months to you within 45 days of Beiersdorf’s receipt of such request.
If we require additional time (up to 90 days), Beiersdorf will inform you the extension and the reason for such extension in writing.
We will deliver the necessary information to you either by mail or electronically.
If Beiersdorf is unable to respond to your request, we will provide a reason as to why we cannot comply with your request.
Non-Discrimination
Beiersdorf will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. We will not:
- Deny you goods or services.
- Charge different prices or rates for goods or services.
- Impose penalties.
- Provide different level or quality of goods or services.
- Suggest you may receive a different price, rate, and/or quality of goods or services.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise your rights to access, data portability, and deletion rights described directly above, please submit a consumer request that can be verifiable to Beiersdorf by:
Call:      1-800-227-4703
Email:   consumerrelations@beiersdorf.com
Mail:     Consumer Relations
Beiersdorf, Inc.
45 Danbury Rd
Wilton, CT 06897
A verifiable consumer request must consist of:
Sufficient information that allows Beiersdorf to reasonably verify you are the person whom we collected Personal Information about, or an authorized representative.
Sufficient detail that will allow Beiersdorf to property understand, evaluate, and respond to your request.
Only you, or a representative registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your Personal Information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability two times within a twelve month period.
Beiersdorf cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make such request regarding Personal Information as it relates to you.
Any Personal Information we may collect to verify a consumer request will only be used to verify the requesting party’s identity or authority to make such request.
9. Personal Information Collection of Children.
This website is designed by Beiersdorf and intended to be considered as a general audience website and is not intended for use by children.  We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information about visitors under 16 years of age.
10. Data Privacy Statement for Google Analytics.
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your anonymized IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
You can prevent Google from detecting a cookie that is generated because of and related to your usage of this website (including your IP address) as well as processing of these data by downloading and installing this browser plugin: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
This privacy policy was last updated September 2019.
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE THIS
Tanning
SPF 8 Lotion
Kids Clear
SPF 50 Clear Sparkle Lotion
Kids
SPF 50 Tear Free Lotion
INTERESTING TIPS FOR YOU
Tanning
UV INDEX
Read more
Tanning
Why Do You Need Sunscreen?
Read more
Tanning
Fun Facts
Read more
Tanning
Science and Testing
Read more
Tanning
Sun-Smart Tools
Sun smart tools
Read more
Tanning
What is SPF?
Read more