http://www.bjs.com/content?template=B&espot_main=minisite_perksterms&source=footer
My BJ’s Perks® Mastercard® Credit Card
Program Terms
IMPORTANT NOTE: THESE PROGRAM TERMS CONTAIN PROVISIONS THAT LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU, ELIMINATE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY, REQUIRE YOU TO RESOLVE DISPUTES WITH US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT AS A PART OF ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION AND THROUGH FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION.
SEE BELOW.
Please read these Program Terms carefully for important information about your rights and obligations in the My BJ’s Perks® Mastercard® Credit Card Program. By participating in the Program, you are agreeing to these Program Terms.
The Program is provided by BJ’s Wholesale Club, Inc. (“BJ’s”).
BJ’s is solely responsible for Program operation and may withdraw the Program or change the terms of the Program at any time.
The purpose of the Program is to reward customers for purchases made at BJ’s using My BJ’s
Perks® Mastercard® Credit Cards.
FOR THE MOST UP-TO-DATE PROGRAM TERMS, PLEASE VISIT
WWW.BJS.COM/PERKSTERMS.
About the Program
The My BJ’s
Perks® Program ("Program") allows you to earn Awards on the dollars you spend as described below using your My BJ’s
Perks® Mastercard,® My BJ’s
Perks® World Mastercard® or My BJ’s
Perks® World for Business Credit Card (each, “Credit Card”). Awards are redeemable at check-out at BJ’s, as described below.
These Program Terms are separate and independent from your Credit Card Account Agreement (“Account Agreement”), which governs the use of your BJ’s
Perks Plus® or BJ’s
Perks Elite® Credit Card.
In these Program Terms, “you” and “your” means the Account holder. “We,” “our,” “us” and “BJ’s ” mean BJ’s
Wholesale Club, Inc. “Bank” means Comenity Capital Bank or its assignees. “Account” means your Credit Card Account with the Bank. Other capitalized words not specifically defined have the same meaning as in your Account Agreement.
Enrollment/Qualification
Memberships associated with BJ’s Perks Plus® and BJ’s Perks Elite® Credit Card Accounts are subject to both the Credit Card Account Agreement and the BJ’s Membership Terms, which are available at the Member Services Desk and online at BJs.com/terms. Certain Member types, such as BJ’s Online AccessSM, Supplemental, Promotional, College and Global Sales Members are not eligible to participate in the Program. Only one BJ’s Membership Number per Credit Card Account will be eligible to participate in the Program. You will be automatically enrolled in the Program when you have an active Primary or Household BJ’s Membership and the Bank opens your Account. Business Free Supplemental Cardholders and Supplemental Members must convert to a Primary Membership in order to be the Account holder and be eligible to participate in the Program.
Program Earnings
Earnings on Eligible Purchases accumulate to your Program balance when you pay for them with your My BJ’s
Perks® Credit Card so long as your Account is in Good Standing. "Good Standing" means (1) your Account is open to new charges and not over your credit limit, (2) your Account is not more than 60 days past due or otherwise in default, (3) your Credit Card is not flagged as lost, stolen, or fraudulent according to the Bank’s
records, (4), your Account is not in a hardship or workout program, and (5) you are not subject to a credit counseling arrangement relating to your Account. Your Earnings will not be combined with any other Membership or Member account associated with your Membership, i.e., Household Cardholders. “Eligible Purchases" means purchases of goods and/or services made by you or any authorized user on your Account minus any returns, refunds or credit adjustments, rounded to the nearest dollar. "Eligible Purchases Made at BJ’s " means Eligible Purchases at BJ’s
Club front-end registers and at BJs.com.
Earnings do not accrue on, and the term Eligible Purchases Made at BJ’s
does not include, BJ’s
Club or BJs.com purchases of items restricted by law or regulation, sales taxes, bottle deposits, alcoholic beverages, cigarettes or tobacco-related products, lottery tickets, gift cards, propane, gasoline, BJ’s
Member Services (such as BJ’s
Auto Buying Program®, cellular phone services, BJ’s
Optical Department®, BJ’s
Travel®), purchases through delivery.BJs.com, other purchases not recorded through BJs.com or Club front-end registers, Global Sales transactions, or as posted at the Membership Desk. Eligible Purchases also do not include balance transfers, convenience checks, cash advances, overdraft advances, unauthorized or fraudulent charges, purchases of money orders, traveler’s
checks, foreign currency or other cash equivalents, fraudulent transactions; and transactions subject to adjustment; or on interest or fees of any kind, such as finance charges, late payment fees and cash advance fees. Earnings accumulate to your Program balance as follows:
BJ’s Perks Plus®
Earn 3% Back* on Eligible Purchases Made at BJ’s when you use your BJ’s Perks Plus® Credit Card.
Earn 2% Back* on Eligible Purchases made at Dining and Gas Station** locations outside of BJ’s Gas® locations.
Earn 1% Back* on Eligible Purchases made everywhere else MasterCard is accepted.
Receive an instant discount of 10¢ off each gallon of fuel at BJ’s Gas® when you use your BJ’s Perks Plus® Credit Card to pay for your fuel purchase. Note that purchases at BJ’s Gas® are not Eligible Purchases or Eligible Purchases Made at BJ’s and do not accumulate earnings.
BJ’s Perks Elite®
Earn 5% Back* on Eligible Purchases Made at BJ’s when you use your BJ’s Perks Elite® Credit Card.
Earn 2% Back* on Eligible Purchases made at Dining and Gas Station** locations outside of BJ’s Gas® locations.
Earn 1% Back*
on Eligible Purchases made everywhere else MasterCard is accepted.
Receive an instant discount of 10¢ off each gallon of fuel at BJ’s Gas® when you use your BJ’s Perks Elite® Credit Card to pay for your fuel purchase. Note that purchases at BJ’s Gas® are not Eligible Purchases or Eligible Purchases Made at BJ’s and do not accumulate earnings.
*Cash Back is in the form of electronic Awards issued in $10 increments that are used at checkout at BJ’s and expire six (6) months from the date issued.
Cash Back can be requested in the form of a check prior to Awards expiring by contacting Member Care at 800-BJs-CLUB.
** Merchant Classification: Each merchant - that is a retailer, business, or any other place where you can make a purchase - is assigned a code that indicates the merchant’s
area of business. For example, gas stations or grocery stores are each generally assigned a specific merchant code. Neither we nor the Bank assign or have any control over merchant codes. Merchant codes are chosen and assigned by a third party, who may change the codes from time to time. When you make a purchase at a merchant, the Bank is provided the code for the merchant. If the merchant code matches a category that gives you additional earnings, you will receive the additional earnings for that purchase. Because the Bank doesn't control what code a merchant is assigned, sometimes a purchase that you think fits a certain category may not earn additional earnings.
Special Offers. From time to time, we may make available special offers for you to accumulate additional Earnings for certain Eligible Purchases. These additional Earnings are called “Bonus Earnings.“ The actions necessary for you to earn Bonus Earnings, and the Bonus Earnings that can be earned, may vary.
Read each offer carefully, as there may be important conditions or limitations, such as blackout periods, Bonus Earnings limits, or exclusions. You may have to register to qualify for the offer. We may change or withdraw an offer at any time without notice.
Any such change or withdrawal will not affect Bonus Earnings already earned.
Your Eligible Purchase must be completed and the transaction charged to your Account during the special offer period in order for you to earn the applicable Bonus Earnings. For online and other purchases, please be aware that we may not charge your Account until items purchased have shipped. During special offer periods, making a return in the same transaction as your purchase may result in accumulating fewer Bonus Earnings because Earnings are calculated off of your Eligible Purchase (in this case, your purchase minus return).
Earnings will expire 36 months after the date they are posted to your Program balance. Your Earnings will be added to your Program balance within 2-3 days after each Eligible Purchase posts to your Account, and your Program balance will be posted at comenity.net/bjsbusiness
or comenity.net/bjs. There is no cap to the amount of Awards issued per billing period or year. At any time, we may verify and adjust your Program balance based on our records and based on certain purchases not constituting, or no longer constituting, Eligible Purchases. Earnings will remain available in your Program balance until they are redeemed for an Award as described below in “Program Awards,“ are forfeited, or expire. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law, you will forfeit all unused Earnings if you file for bankruptcy or your participation in the Program is terminated. You will not receive any compensation or new Earnings for your Earnings that expire or are forfeited.
We have the right to deduct Earnings from your Program balance for charges that were not or do not remain Eligible Purchases.
Earnings on Eligible Purchases that are returned or refunded or otherwise adjusted will be deducted from your Program balance. If your Program balance goes negative, you must first accumulate Earnings to bring your Program balance to zero before accumulating any Earnings eligible for redemption.
Earnings accumulated have no cash value and may not be used as payment of any outstanding obligation to the Bank or its affiliates or to BJ’s .
Earnings may not be sold, purchased, brokered, bartered, transferred or altered in any way by you. Any attempted transaction of such sort will automatically be void. Anyone engaging in such transactions will be liable for damages to us, including, but not limited to consequential damages, third party damages, transaction costs, attorney’s
fees and court costs.
Any violation of these provisions will result in termination of your eligibility to participate in the Program and forfeiture of unused Earnings.
Program Awards
When you accumulate enough Earnings, you will be eligible for an Award.
Awards are digital certificates issued in $10 increments when your Program Earnings balance reaches $10.
Awards will become available within 2-3 business days after your Program Earnings balance reaches $10.
Awards may be used by authorized Account cardholders, including Household Cardholders if you have elected to share such Awards, for merchandise at checkout, on the BJ’s mobile app, and on BJs.com and Membership fees at the Membership Desk and at checkout. You may choose to use Awards or save them. If you choose to use Awards on an in-Club purchase, you must use all the Awards that are presented to you.
If you choose to use Awards at checkout on BJs.com, you may choose how many $10 increments of available Awards you wish to use.
Each Award may only be used once and for one purchase.
Use of Awards will not create a negative cash register or checkout balance, and Awards cannot be combined from multiple Memberships. Cash back can be requested in the form of a check prior to Awards expiring by contacting Member Care at 800-BJs-CLUB.
Awards will be redeemed on a “first in, first out”
basis, such that the first Award earned will be the first redeemed. Awards not redeemed will be carried over to the following statement period.
Awards will expire six (6) months from the date they are issued. To view the expiration date of your Awards, please sign in to your Account Center page at mybjsperks.com.. Once Awards expire, they may not be redeemed.
If you make a return on a purchase on which you redeemed Awards, your Awards will be refunded as follows:
•	In-Club.
If the total cost of your purchase, after the return, still exceeds the value of any redeemed Awards, no Awards will be refunded to you.
Otherwise, the purchase price, including the value of any Awards redeemed, will be refunded either to the form of tender on which the greatest portion of the original purchase was charged or to a BJ’s
gift card, in BJ’s
discretion.
•	On BJs.com.
Awards are applied pro rata to all items in an Eligible Purchase made online.
A return of any item will result in a corresponding credit of the pro rata Awards amount to your Program Balance.
Awards may not be sold, purchased, brokered, bartered, transferred or altered in any way by you. Any attempted transaction of such sort will automatically be void. Anyone engaging in such transactions will be liable for damages to us, including, but not limited to consequential damages, third party damages, transaction costs, attorney’s
fees and court costs.
Any violation of these provisions will result in termination of your eligibility to participate in the Program and forfeiture of unused Awards.
You will also forfeit your Program Earnings balance if you attempt to violate the prohibitions on the transfer of Awards, if you file for bankruptcy, or if the Bank or you close your Account for any reason. You will not be entitled to and will not receive any compensation from us for Awards that expire or Earnings or Awards that are forfeited.
A Member’s Account must be in Good Standing to accrue Earnings. Once Awards have been earned, you or an authorized Account cardholder, including Household Cardholder which you have elected to share such Awards, can still redeem Awards notwithstanding the Account status, subject to the limitations described in these Program Terms. When Award(s) are issued, your Program Earnings balance will be reduced by the amount of Earnings used to earn the Award(s) issued.
To the extent allowed by applicable law, we may cancel and earned or outstanding Awards if we become insolvent, unable to pay our debts when due, file an action under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or have such an action filed against us.
Membership and Account Cancellation
If you do not renew your BJ’s
Membership, you will continue to accrue Earnings and Awards and can redeem Awards with your BJ’s
Perks Plus® or BJ’s
Perks Elite® Credit Card. However, a non-Member surcharge (equal to 20% of your total purchase for in-Club purchases and $5 per purchase on BJs.com) surcharge will apply to all your post-expiration BJ’s
purchases, including BOTH purchases that earn Awards AND purchases made using Awards. Expired Members that do shop and pay a surcharge may come back to the Membership Desk at any Club location to apply the surcharge paid toward their Renewal fee within seven (7) days from such surcharge, up to the Renewal fee.
If you cancel your BJ’s Membership, you will forfeit all accrued Earnings and Awards and will no longer accrue Earnings or future Awards. Non-member pricing will apply to all of your BJ’s purchases.
If you upgrade or downgrade between a BJ’s
Perks Elite® Credit Card and a BJ’s
Perks Plus® Credit Card Account, you will continue to earn and may redeem Awards in accordance with the terms of your new Program level. Downgrades can only be processed at the time of renewal either at Member Care or at a Membership Desk.
If you cancel or close your BJ’s
Perks Plus® or BJ’s
Perks Elite® Credit Card Account and maintain a BJ’s
Perks Rewards® Membership, you will retain outstanding Awards and will continue to earn and redeem Awards in accordance with the terms of your BJ’s
Perks Rewards® Membership.
If you cancel or close your BJ’s
Perks Plus® Credit Card or BJ’s
Perks Elite® Credit Card and maintain a BJ’s
Inner Circle® or Business Membership, you may redeem outstanding Awards at BJ’s
Member Pricing® but will no longer accrue towards new Awards and any outstanding Earnings will automatically be forfeited.
If your BJ’s
Membership Number changes for any reason and you need to link your new Membership Number to your Account, please contact Comenity Capital Bank at 855-269-1622 for your My BJ’s Perks® Mastercard,® 844-271-2535 for your My BJ’s
Perks® World Mastercard® or 844-271-2537 for My BJ’s
Perks® World for Business (TDD/TTY 888-819-1918). Please note that Earnings will not accumulate to your Program balance unless your BJ’s
Membership Number is linked to your Account.
My BJ’s Perks® Mastercard® Credit Card and BJ’s Easy Renewal®
Upon opening a My BJ’s Perks® Mastercard® Credit Card, your BJ’s Membership is automatically enrolled in BJ’s Easy Renewal®. Your Membership will be renewed automatically and your BJ’s Membership fee will be charged to your Account each year on the 1st day of the month in which the Membership is set to expire, as long as your Account is in Good Standing unless you opt out of this feature. The Membership will be renewed as of its expiration date. You will be sent a reminder prior to this renewal charge, specifying the amount and the date of the charge on the billing statement in the month prior to the month of the charge. You may change your Easy Renewal® preferences by calling 844-268-8093 or online at BJs.com, however, due to system limitations you may not use an alternate credit/debit card to which the Renewal fee is charged.
Program Maintenance and Communication
We may communicate with you regarding any matter related to the Program (including Program activity, Award redemption and earning activity, and Program enrollment) by mail, telephone or electronic communication. As needed, you agree to update your contact information promptly at comenity.net/bjsbusiness
or comenity.net/bjs
or by calling 855-269-1622 for your My BJ’s
Perks® Mastercard,®
844-271-2535 for your My BJ’s
Perks® World Mastercard® or 844-271-2537 for My BJ’s
Perks® World for Business (TDD/TTY 888-819-1918). Neither we nor the Bank are responsible for communications lost or undelivered due to incorrected or changed address or other contact information.
You will not lose your unused and unexpired Awards or your Program balance if your Card is lost, stolen or damaged and the Bank provides a replacement Card, even if such replacement Card has a different Account number. However, if your Card is reported as lost, stolen, or damaged, you will not earn to your Program balance until the Bank provides a replacement Card.
If you believe that a purchase made on your Account (or a return of an Eligible Purchase on BJs.com on which Awards were redeemed) should have added to your Program balance and the Earnings do not show on your Program balance within forty-five (45) days, notify the Bank immediately of such Earning Dispute.
If you believe an Award should have been issued but such Award is not available, notify the Bank immediately of such Award Dispute. The Bank will use reasonable efforts to investigate your Earning Dispute or Award Dispute so long as you notify the Bank of such dispute within ninety (90) days of the posting date of the purchase that should have triggered the Earnings or Award issuance. If you do not notify the Bank within such ninety (90)-day period, you will have waived your right to make an Earning Dispute or Award Dispute with respect to that purchase. In order for the Bank to undertake an investigation of your Earning Dispute or Award Dispute, the Bank may require you to provide written confirmation of the dispute. If the Bank does not receive the requested written confirmation at the address and within the time requested, the Bank may in its sole discretion determine not to investigate your Earning Dispute or Award Dispute. Upon completion of the investigation of your dispute, the Bank will have no further responsibilities should you later reassert the same Earning Dispute or Award Dispute. Please note that the dispute rights with respect to your Account under the Account Agreement do not apply to these Program Terms or to your rights and remedies under these Program Terms, which are solely as set forth in these Program Terms.
Your sole and exclusive remedy, and the maximum liability to you, in the event you prevail in an Earnings Dispute, is for the Bank to credit the disputed Earnings to your Program Balance.
Your sole and exclusive remedy, and the maximum liability to you, in the event you prevail in an Award Dispute, is for the Bank to credit the disputed Award to your Account.
Other Terms
The Bank does not: (a) endorse the Program or products purchased at BJ’s
Club locations and/or BJs.com; (b) make any express or implied warranty regarding Awards or products purchased at BJ’s
Club locations and/or BJs.com (c) guarantee the performance of Awards or products purchased at BJ’s
Club locations and/or BJs.com or (d) operate or control Awards offered through this Program.
Limited Liability. Unless otherwise required by law or our agreements with you, neither BJ’s
nor the Bank, nor any of our or its affiliates, officers, directors, employees, service providers, or agents will be liable to you, or anyone making a claim on your behalf, in connection with (a) any termination of, change in, or suspension of the Program; (b) any claim relating to products purchased using any Awards obtained through the Program; (c) any loss, damage, expense or inconvenience caused by any occurrence outside of our control; or (d) any taxes that you incur as a result of receiving or redeeming Awards.Notwithstanding the foregoing, any liability that we or they may have to you in connection with the Program shall be limited to the amount of any Earnings you have accumulated or outstanding Awards that have issued in accordance with these Program Terms.
Changes. Subject to any requirements or limitations of applicable law, we may at any time for any reason add to, change, limit, or terminate the Program or these Program Terms. To the extent allowed by applicable law, (a) changes may apply retroactively, and may affect outstanding transactions and earnings, and may result in you involuntarily forfeiting Earnings you have accumulated, and (b) changes will not affect issued or redeemed Awards except to the extent allowed by applicable law.
Taxes. You are solely liable for any applicable taxes arising out of the accrual or use of Earnings or Awards. Consult your tax advisor concerning such tax consequences.
Governing Law; Assignment.
The Program and these Program Terms are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without any reference to its choice of law provisions.
You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Program Terms to any other person or entity.
“Claim,“ as used in these Program Terms means any claim, dispute or controversy that in any way arises from or relates to these Program Terms.
Agreement to Arbitrate. EITHER YOU OR WE MAY ELECT THAT ANY CLAIM BE RESOLVED SOLELY BY BINDING ARBITRATION UNDER THE RULES AND PROCEDURES OF THE AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION. THERE SHALL BE NO RIGHT OR AUTHORITY FOR ANY CLAIMS TO BE ARBITRATED ON A CLASS-ACTION BASIS.
Entire Agreement; Severability; Conflicts; No Waiver.
These Terms contain the entire agreement between you and us regarding the Program, and supersede any previous terms and conditions governing the Program we may have provided to you. The Program is not available where and to the extent prohibited by law. If any part of these Program Terms conflict with applicable law, that provision will be deemed severed from these Program Terms and the remainder of the Program Terms will remain in effect. We will not lose our rights under these Program Terms because we delay or do not enforce them.
All waivers of any of these Program Terms by us must be in a writing executed by someone with authority to bind us.
The My BJ’s
Perks® Mastercard,® My BJ’s
Perks® World Mastercard® and My BJ’s
Perks® World for Business Mastercard are issued by Comenity Capital Bank, pursuant to a license from Mastercard International Incorporated. Mastercard and the Mastercard Brand Mark are registered trademarks of Mastercard International Incorporated.
Program Terms as of 8/04/20. Subject to change.