https://www.ashanging.com/en_us/privacy-policy/
Products Systems & Kits Picture Hanging Kits Wall Systems Ceiling Systems Hidden Systems Tensioned Piers Speciatly Hangers Track Accessories All Tracks Cables & Rods Cables & Cords Rods Tensioners Hooks & Fittings Cable Hooks Cable Panel Hooks Cable Fittings Rod Hooks Accessories Display Systems Acrylic Pocket System Smart Pocket System Casso Display Rails Footprintless Wall Easel Restaurant Menu Display Magazine Rail Signage & Covid-19 Protection Shop by Inspiration How To Professionals By projects Arts and Museums Commercial Educational Healthcare Offices Institutional Residential Catalog & Sample Kit Catalogs Sample Kit Professional Resources Continuing Education BIM Models CSI Specifications Installation Guides Specialty Guides Contact AboutBlogHow-To ArticlesArchitectural HardwarePictures and ArtCustomer's CornerAnnouncementsCovid-19
You are in:
United States (English)
United States
English
Canada
English
Français
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
WEBSITE POLICYAS HANGING DISPLAY SYSTEMS
For us at AS Hanging Display Systems, the protection of your privacy is a priority. We understand that the confidentiality and integrity of your personal data are important to you, and we strive to ensure that your personal data remains secure and is processed in keeping with the highest privacy standards.
This Website Policy will help you understand how we collect, use, disclose and protect your personal data when you are browsing on our website, as well as when you are interacting with us, including when you are buying our products.
We also invite you to refer to our Terms and Conditions.
Please note that we may adapt this Website Policy to any changes of a technological, legal or political nature that may make the adaptation necessary.
What do we consider to be personal data?
To maximize the protection of your privacy, we have adopted a broad definition of what personal data is.
We consider personal data to be any information that may allow us to identify you. Under this broad definition, many different types of information are included, such as your name, your e-mail address and your computer’s IP address.
Besides your computer’s IP address, there are “cookies” and similar technologies that may allow us to identify you. Therefore, we also consider these technologies to be personal data.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small alphanumeric identifiers or small data text files that are sent from a server while you are browsing. These small pieces of information are placed on your device(s) when you visit certain websites. When we refer to “cookies” in this Website Policy, we also mean other technologies that act similarly to cookies, such as pixels, tags and identifiers.
What personal data do we process about you?
The personal data that we collect about you when you are browsing on our website may be divided into the following categories:
Identification and occupation data, such as your name, e-mail address, phone and fax numbers and billing and shipping addresses. We may also collect your occupation data, such as the name of your organization and the type of occupation that best describes yours, to ensure that you have access to the appropriate information when you subscribe to our newsletter;
Electronic data, such as your IP address and cookies installed on your device(s), as well as credentials allowing you to access your Account;
Financial data, such as your payment-card number, expiration date and verification number;
Other types of data, such as any personal data that may appear in your Success Story, request for Assistance, Live Chat conversation with us, feedback or quote(s).
Why do we process your personal data?
We use the term “processing” to refer to anything that is done with your personal data. The types of processing include collecting, recording, organizing, structuring, storing, modifying, consulting, using, publishing, combining, erasing and destroying.
We process your personal data to:
answer you after you ask us something using the options available in the Assistance section of our website. This personal data includes your Contact Form, e-mail address, phone and fax numbers, physical address and Live Chat conversation with us, including when you share your Success Story with us;
manage our customer relationship with you;
process your orders and deliver our products to you;
(as long as you consent to it beforehand) provide you with our newsletter or other promotional information, such as information on our products and services, our sales or invitations to our events. Rest assured that you will always have the option to unsubscribe. To find out more about unsubscribing, click here to read the relevant section of our Website Policy;
(as long as you consent to it beforehand) contact you for feedback on your level of satisfaction with our products and services;
have a better understanding of your interests or preferences, helping us to improve our website, products and services;
provide you with personalized advertising about products and services that we think may be of interest to you based on your habits, through “re-targeting” on Facebook and Google. To find out more about re-targeting (including how you can opt out of re-targeting through Facebook and Google), click on the following links: for Facebook and Google;
manage our website, including for security and anti-fraud purposes;
let you know about changes to our Website Policy, Terms and Conditions and so on;
follow the law, including to review any order made under a warrant or by a court and, if the order is lawful, follow it;
Why do we use cookies?
Among other things, cookies are useful for ensuring that you have the best experience while browsing on our website. We use cookies to:
ensure that our website is working as intended and that you have access to all its functionalities (i.e. the things that the website is intended to do), including by personalizing your experience;
save your preferences and credentials for your next visit;
doing analytics to find out which pages and advertisements you like, how you ended up on our website and what type of device(s) you used to end up on it;
re-target through Facebook and Google and ensure that you are presented with relevant advertisements about our products. Again, to find out more about re-targeting (including how you can opt out of re-targeting through Facebook and Google), click on the following links: for Facebook and Google;
(if you have subscribed to our mailing list) know whether you have opened your e-mail and what type of device(s) you used to open it. Cookies may also let us know whether you have clicked on an offer that we sent you by e-mail and that redirected you to our website. Such information helps us understand which promotions you prefer and allows us to send you more personalized offers.
What types of cookies do we use?
When you browse on our website, different types of cookies are installed on your hard drive or your device’s/devices’ storage space.
Cookies can be installed either by us or others (i.e. third parties):
First-party cookies – These are installed by our website for purposes specific to us, such as for personalizing our website. Therefore, these cookies can only be installed and used by us.
Third-party cookies – These are usually placed on a website via added scripts or tags. Sometimes, these scripts can also add functionalities to websites.
We also use both session and persistent cookies:
Session cookies – These are stored temporarily in your device’s/devices’ memory and are deleted after your browser is closed. We use this type of cookie to ensure that you have a user-friendly experience.
Persistent cookies – These are stored on your hard drive or your device’s/devices’ storage space until their expiration date or until you delete them. We use this type of cookies to make your browsing experience simpler for you and collect statistical information on the use of our website. As an example, Google Analytics uses this type of cookie.
We also use different categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies – These enable you to browse on our website, use its functionalities, such as buying our products, and browse securely. For instance, we use a cookie called “form_key” to ensure browsing security by preventing “cross-site request forgery” (i.e. a type of cyber-attack).
Performance and analytics cookies – These collect information about how people use a website, such as the pages that they visit most often and whether they receive error messages from pages. These cookies do not collect information that allows us to specifically identify you; they provide only aggregated information about our visitors (i.e. information about our visitors as a group). For example, we use a cookie called “_ga” that allows Google Analytics to collect aggregated statistical data on how a visitor uses our website.
Functionality cookies – These are used for enhanced website functionalities that may be useful to you.
Marketing and targeting cookies – These deliver advertising content to you based on your interests, including by using social media, such as Facebook. They also limit the number of times that you see an advertisement. They let us know that you have visited a website, to allow us to share this information with third parties for re-targeting purposes.
Who will access your personal data within our organization?
We limit access to your personal data to authorized employees only, on a-need-to-know basis. Our employees who handle personal data sign confidentiality agreements.
Do we share your personal data with third parties?
We do not sell your personal data or give it to others for money!
We may need to share your personal data with third parties that we work with to provide you with our products, to operate our website or for advertising purposes.
These third parties may be divided into the following categories:
Delivery partners – We use these to deliver our products to you;
Financial partners – We use these to process your payments and allow you to enjoy our products;
Marketing partners – We use these to manage our relationship with you, to communicate with you for promotional purposes, and to perform marketing activities such as interest-based advertising. To learn more about these partners, click here;
IT service providers – We use these to ensure that our website works and is secure.
We may have to share your personal data if the authorities order it. If we receive any such order, we make all necessary checks to ensure that the order is lawful and, if possible, inform you of the order before sharing your personal data.
Also, like any other business, we may have to transfer our rights to your personal data as part of a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets. This Website Policy will continue to apply to your personal data in any such case.
Our website may include links to third-party websites, including social media. If you click on these links, you will be leaving our website, and any collection, use and disclosure of your personal data will be a matter for these sites’ policies and practices.
What about third parties’ cookies?
Again, we do not sell your personal data, and we do not allow any of our advertising partners to collect your personal data directly from our website for their own purposes.
We may display advertisements to you based on your interests using the Facebook Custom Audience tool. This tool allows us to personalize our advertisements based on your shopping experience with us. We do not share your personal data with Facebook. In particular, we do not share your shopping history. The tool lets us convert your e-mail address into a unique number that Facebook matches with the unique numbers that it creates from the e-mail addresses of its users.
To track the efficiency of our advertisements for statistical and market-research purposes, we may also use the Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel tool. The data that we collect using this tool remains anonymous, meaning that we cannot distinguish the personal data on an individual-by-individual basis. Facebook may link the data with your Facebook account for its own advertising purposes, in line with its current Data Policy. For more information, click on the following link: Facebook – Data Policy.
To opt out of the Facebook Custom Audience and Conversion Tracking Pixel tools, click here. If you opt out, we will remove you from all our custom audiences.
Finally, we also use Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to do analytics to evaluate our website performance. These tools do not track you individually. They give us an idea of the overall traffic on our different pages. Google Analytics installs a tracking code on your device(s) and collects data such as the number of times that you visit the website, the dates of the first and last visits, the exact time of each visit and where you arrived on the website from, which may include the search terms that you used or the links that you clicked on. This information helps us understand which products and functionalities on our website are of particular interest to you.
To opt out of Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, click here.
Where will we process your personal data?
Our website is on Magento Enterprise Cloud Edition, which runs on the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Cloud, hosted in Canada and the United States.
However, when we share your personal data with our trusted partners, they may store some of your personal data in their databases, located in Canada, the United States or elsewhere.
How long do we hold your personal data?
We keep your personal data for as long as we have a business relationship with you and for as long as required by law. We do not keep your payment-card information, which is handled by our financial partners.
How do we protect your personal data?
We strive to follow the highest standards when it comes to the protection of your personal data and have put the appropriate physical, technical, organizational and security measures in place. We also strive to select only the most trustworthy partners, who will follow our high personal data protection standards.
We use encryption technology when transferring your personal data, to protect against unauthorized access, and PCI DSS (Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard)-compliant third parties when processing your payment-card information.
What are your rights as far as your personal data is concerned?
Different laws allow you to exercise different rights as far as your personal data is concerned. These rights may vary depending on where you are, but they usually include the following:
the right to receive copies of the personal data about you that we collect, use and disclose, for as long as this data remains in our databases; and
the right to have your personal data changed, if it is incorrect, incomplete, invalid or ambiguous.
If you would like to exercise any of these rights, we will do our best to help you, free of charge. Also, you have direct control over most of your personal data, including your order history and product review(s), on your Account page.
If you request the transcription, reproduction or transmission of your personal data, we may have to charge a fee, as permitted by law. The fee will be reasonable. We will contact you about this fee before processing your request.
In some cases, your ability to access or control your personal data will be limited, as required or permitted by law. If we deny your request, we will let you know in writing, giving you the reasons for the denial and explaining how to appeal our decision. We will keep the relevant personal data until you have exhausted all options available to you under the law.
In any event, we will answer you within a maximum of 30 days of receiving your request.
If you have any questions about your rights or if you would like to exercise them, refer to the Assistance section of our website, fill out the Contact Form or send us an e-mail at admin@ASHanging.com.
How can you withdraw your consent to receive our electronic communications?
We use electronic communications to give you the latest information on our products, sales and events. To ensure that we send information that will be of interest to you, we have included an option for you to describe your occupation when you subscribe to our newsletter.
However, if you no longer wish to receive these communications, you will always have the option to unsubscribe, as the case may be, by:
clicking the “Unsubscribe” link included in our electronic communications;
updating your preferences in your Account;
requesting Assistance, such as by filling out the Contact Form or sending us an e-mail at admin@ASHanging.com.
How can you manage your cookie preferences?
Browsers and devices have tools that allow you to control cookies, including by blocking them and managing the ones that are already on your device(s). However, if you block all cookies, you may not be able to access all our functionalities.
The process for controlling cookies may vary from browser to browser. Please find below different links to help you control cookies, for:
Google Chrome;
Firefox; and
Safari.
Finally, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals for the time being. Do Not Track signals are a requirement from a Californian law that enables Californian residents to know how an organization responds to Do Not Track browser settings. If activated by you, the Do Not Track setting sends a special signal to the websites that you visit while web-browsing, making it known that you do not wish to be tracked. On starting to respond to such signals, we will describe how we respond in this Website Policy.
How can you delete your account?
Your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us, and we hope that you will stay with us for the long term. However, if you wish to delete your Account, you may request Assistance, including by filling out the Contact Form or sending us an e-mail at admin@ASHanging.com.
You may also edit your account information at any time.
How can you reach us if you have any other questions or concerns?
It would be a pleasure for us to hear from you if you have any questions or concerns about our Website Policy. Feel free to communicate with us by e-mail at admin@ASHanging.com or even by letter at the following physical addresses:
If you are in Canada or outside North America AS Hanging Display Systems 3600, Matte, Unit L Brossard QC J4Y 2Z2 Canada
If you are in the United States AS Hanging Systems Corp. 8396 State Route 9 West Chazy NY 12992 United States
Alternatively, you always have the opportunity to request Assistance directly from our website.