http://www.prairieedge.com/privacy-policy/
arrow-right
arrow-left
chevron-down
close
basket
account
search
wishlist
star
spinner
check-mark
grid
list
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Prairie Edge collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.prairieedge.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Prairie Edge.Personal identification informationWe may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.Non-personal identification informationWe may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.Web browser cookiesOur Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.How we use collected informationPrairie Edge may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer serviceInformation you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our SiteWe may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process paymentsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To send periodic emailsWe may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your informationWe adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.Sharing your personal informationWe do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.Third party websitesUsers may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.Changes to this privacy policyPrairie Edge has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these termsBy using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.Contacting usIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:Prairie Edgewww.prairieedge.com606 Main Street Rapid City, SD 57701605-342-3086brenda@prairieedge.comThis document was last updated on March 25, 2014
Subscribe
yourname@email.com
©
Prairie Edge Trading Co. & Galleries
Sitemap
0
Shop
All Products
Blankets & Quilts
Pendleton
Star Quilts
Botanicals & Herbs
Abalone Shells/Sweat Lodge Ladles/Offering Bowls
Leaves Roots & Barks
Native American Foods
Natural Scents
Pipes & Pipestone
Sage & Sweetgrass
Books & Music
Book Reviews
Children's Stories
Craft & How to Books
Education & Language
History & Culture
Out-Of-Print Books
Ceremonial Music
Ceremonial Items
Craft Supplies
Beads
Bells & Metal Beads
Bone & Horn Hair Pipes
Buckles, Spots & Tacks
Chainette Fringe
Conchos, Mirrors, Cones & Rolled Jingle Cones
Crafts & How To Books
Decorative Shell Discs
Feathers
Flat Fringe
Hair/Claws/Teeth
Hides/Antler/Leather
Native American Church Supplies
Odds & Ends
Sewing: Needles & Thread
Trade Cloth & Felt
Dance Sticks
Native American Dolls
Fine Art Gallery
Native American Themed Art
Ledger Art
Cast Paper Sculpture by Patty & Allen Eckman
Christopher Marley Insect Art
Howard Terpning
Gift Ideas Under $100
Native American Ceremonial Pipes
Native American Jewelry
Purses, Bags & Amulets
Regalia & Accessories
Skulls, Robes & Hides
T-shirts
Weapons & Shields
Shipping & Returns
Contact Us
Tribe Scribe
Pow Wow Calendar
Back to top