https://www.crystalclearpet.com/shop/website-policies.htm
home
Website and Cookie Policies
Google
This website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how visitors use the site.
The tool uses cookies to store information, such as what time the current
visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before, and what site
referred the visitor to the web page. A different cookie is used for each
website, and visitors are not tracked across multiple sites. The information
generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is
transmitted to Google.
Analytics data is stored for 50 months.
If a Google Adwords campaign is active we will use remarketing to show ads
across the internet
This information may then be used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website
and to compile statistical reports on website activity. To disable this type of
cookie, some browsers will indicate when a cookie is being sent and allow you to
decline cookies on a case-by-case basis. In addition to declining cookies, you
can also install the Google Analytics Opt-out Add-on in your browser, which
prevents Google Analytics from collecting information about your website visits.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. (For example, in Internet
Explorer you can refuse all cookies by clicking Tools, Internet Options,
Privacy and selecting Block all cookies using the sliding selector.) This
will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites
including this one. In particular, cookies are required for the operation
of Romancart
The Universal Analytics (Google) cookies are:
_ga to identify unique users and expires after 2 years
_gali to determine which links on a page are being clicked
_gat throttle the request rate and expires after 1 minute
_gid to distinguish users and expires after 24 hours
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a
user’s prior visits to your website
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve
ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the
internet
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based
advertising by visiting Ad Settings. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt
out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest-based advertising by
visiting www.aboutads.info) For full google policies click here
https://policies.google.com/privacy/update
YouTube
Where there are embedded youtube videos , Youtube uses the following cookies:
PREF – expires after eight months
VSC – expires at the end of your session
remote_sid – expires at the end of your session
Click here to clear your Youtube history https://lifehacker.com/5889830/hide-your-youtube-history-from-googles-new-privacy-policy
RomanCart
the shopping cart system used on this website uses cookies to identify the
customer using the cart and the contents of the cart.
RMNCTCKC is used to tell if cookies are enabled in the browser.
CTAB is used to identify the customer if the details are already stored.
The RomanCart cookie is used if you click on the "remember my details for
next time option on the checkout. You will be unable to make online purchases if
these cookies are disabled. After you leave the website these cookies are
destroyed. These cookies are the responsibility of Roman Cart and further
information can be obtained by reviewing:
https://www.romancart.com/sell-more/action/privacy.htm and https://www.romancart.com/sell-more/action/gdpr.htm
Other
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/help/customer/display.html?nodeId=502584
https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/gdpr
Links to other websites
This privacy notice does not cover the links within this site linking to
other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other
websites you visit.
Data Controller
The data controller is Roy Lovell of 1 Moorland Heights, Biddulph, Staffs,
ST8 6TN
Enquiries (at) crystalclearpet.com
Click for Data Policies