https://www.reptiledirect.com/privacy-policy/
Reptile Direct
Care Guides
Lizards
Snakes
Turtles
Tortoises
Frogs
Learn
Reviews
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy And Affiliate Disclosure
It is Reptile Direct’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. This Privacy Policy applies to https://www.reptiledirect.com/ (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, “Reptile Direct” or “https://www.reptiledirect.com/”).
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
Affiliate Disclosure
Some of the links found on Reptile Direct are affiliate referral links. This means that if a reader clicks on text or an image, Reptile Direct may receive a commission from purchases. This does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.
Reptile Direct is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.
Mediavine Programmatic Advertising
For information regarding data collection by Mediavine ad partners including how to opt out of data collection, please click here
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Reptile Direct collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Reptile Direct’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Reptile Direct’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Reptile Direct may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Reptile Direct also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://www.reptiledirect.com/ blog posts. Reptile Direct only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Reptile Direct’s websites choose to interact with Reptile Direct in ways that require Reptile Direct to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Reptile Direct gathers depends on the nature of the interaction.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Advertisements
Ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Reptile Direct and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
Aggregated Statistics
Reptile Direct may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. Reptile Direct may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Reptile Direct does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
Cookies
To enrich and perfect your online experience, Reptile Direct uses “Cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Reptile Direct uses cookies to help Reptile Direct identify and track visitors, their usage of https://www.reptiledirect.com/, and their website access preferences. Reptile Direct visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Reptile Direct’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Reptile Direct’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. By continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to Reptile Direct’s use of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Reptile Direct may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Reptile Direct’s sole discretion. Reptile Direct encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Reptile Direct is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Learn more.
Trending Posts
Yellow-Footed Tortoise Care: The Ultimate Guide
Long-Tailed Lizard Care: Habitat, Diet, Lifespan & More
Peach Throat Monitor 101: The Complete Care Guide
Suriname Red Tail Boa 101: Everything You Need To Know