https://www.suzys.com/privacy-policy/
#CelebrateWithSuzys
Curbside Pickup
Careers
Customer Service
FAQ
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for https://www.suzys.com. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
The privilege of serving you does not entitle us to ‘spam’ you endlessly with unsolicited junk e-mail. We hate it! We assume you do too! There are parts of our web site that give you the opportunity to sign up to receive notices. If these are no longer welcome, a simple unsubscribe
from the email received will remove you from our lists.
SECURITY
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. Wherever we collect sensitive information that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by contacting us directly with the information listed on this site. While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
COOKIES
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site. Cookies enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
UPDATES
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page. If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately at 800-828-1055 or email us.
YOU ARE A VALUED CUSTOMER, WE RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY.