https://www.conservatoryheating.com/privacy-policy/
skip to Main Content
Menu
Buy from the UK's leading specialist in electric conservatory heating
PRIVACY POLICY
At Conservatory Heating, we are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Policy explains how we collect personal information and how we use it.
We may change this Policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally. By using our website, our services, purchasing products or contacting us via email or phone you are agreeing to be bound by this Policy.
Any questions regarding this Policy and our privacy practices should be sent by email to enquiries@conservatoryheating.com
About Conservatory Heating
Conservatory Heating is a distributor of Ducasa electric heating products.
How we collect personal information
We obtain information about you when you use our website, from email correspondence and telephone conversations.
The information we collect
The personal information we collect could include your name, address, name of your business, telephone numbers, email address, IP address, details of website pages you accessed, details of email and phone correspondence. If you purchase a product from us and use your credit or debit card this information is not held by us, it is collected by our third party payment processors
What we use your information for
We may use your information to:
Process orders that you place.
Administer sales or loan contracts entered into by you and us.
Deal with entries to competitions.
Ask for feedback on the products and services we provide.
Tell you about changes to our products and services.
Send you information requested by you and that may be of interest to you.
Who can access your information?
We will not sell or rent or offer your information to third parties in any way.
We will not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.
When you make payment via our website or by phone your information is processed by a third party payment processor, who specialises in the secure online capture and processing of credit/debit card transactions. If you have any questions regarding your personal information for secure transactions, please contact us.
We may transfer your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of some or all of our business and assets to any third party or as part of any business restructuring or reorganisation, or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation or to enforce or apply our terms of use or to protect the rights, or safety of our customers.
The choices you can make
You can choose whether or not to receive information from us. If you do not want to receive marketing communications about our products and services, you can either opt out of our email marketing campaign by clicking the unsubscribe link or emailing enquiries@conservatoryheating.com.
We may contact you by email or phone from time to time to discuss products or services, however if you prefer not to be contacting in this way, just let us know.
How you can access and update your information
If you would like to review and correct the information we hold about you contact us by emailing enquiries@conservatoryheating.com.
You can ask for a copy of the information we hold about you, but we may charge £10 for this information to cover our costs.
How we protect your information
When using your credit or debit card to make payment your information is transferred using 128 Bit encryption using a secure server. The information is processed and stored by a third party specialist who will only use your information to process the order.
Our websites and online forms used to collect data such as your address and email are hosted on a secure server protecting your data as it is transferred to our internal servers. Our internal servers are protected with firewalls.
Use of ‘cookies’
Like most websites, Conservatory Heating uses cookies. ‘Cookies’ are small pieces of information sent by us to your computer and stored on your hard drive; this means our websites can recognise you when you visit. They collect statistical data about your browsing actions and patterns and do not identify you as an individual. This helps to improve the user experience when using our website.
It is possible to switch off cookies by setting your browser preferences. For more information on how to switch off cookies on your computer, search your specific browser help files. Turning cookies of may result in a loss of functionality when using our website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.
16 or Under
We are concerned to protect the privacy of children aged 16 or under. If you are aged 16 or under‚ please get your parent/guardian’s permission beforehand whenever you provide us with personal information.
Transferring your information outside of Europe
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). By way of example, this may happen if any of our servers are from time to time located in a country outside of the EU. These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
ConservatoryHeating.com ~ part of the TK Distribution Ltd Group of Websites, registered in England and Wales No. 06635295
Home
Radiators
Overview of Range
Sunburst Radiant Panel
Sunrise Eco – Radiant Panel
Richmond Low Level Radiator
Avant DGS Electric Radiator
Avant DGi Electric Radiator
Vitro-i Designer Heater
Controllers
Overview of Range
Smart Command Gateway
Ducasa Remote – 5-zone
7-Day Plug-In Timer
Timeguard FST77
Remote Programmer
Why Choose Us?
Overview
About Us
Ordering & Delivery
Reviews
Info
Overview
Smart Command Heating
How Many Heaters?
Production / Warranty
Heater Specifications
‘Special Offers’
View Basket
Checkout
Terms and Conditions
Back To Top×
This site uses cookies:
Find out more.Okay, thank you