https://www.bellenza.com/privacy-policy
Main Menu
HOME
WEDDINGS
PARTY
LIVING
THE SHOP
HOME
WEDDINGS
PARTY
LIVING
THE SHOP
CONNECT!
Privacy Policy (Updated)
PRIVACY POLICY
At Bellenza, Inc. (collectively, “Bellenza.com”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), we are committed to respecting your privacy. While we collect some information from you, it is our committed policy to ensure that all of your personal information remains private and secure. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting and/or using this Site, you expressly understand and accept the practice described in this privacy notice.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you visit our Website, we assign your computer browser an alphanumeric identifier, called a “cookie”, which collects aggregate information such as pages visited, pages downloaded, purchase categories, the types of products viewed and/or purchased, and the like. When you purchase products from us, it is necessary for you to provide us personal information such as: first and last name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, credit card account number and their expiration date, and the names of the products and/or services that you purchase, in order for us to process your order. We work to ensure the security of your personal information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), which encrypt personal information that you input throughout the checkout process. Please note that while we take every reasonable precaution to safeguard your personal information, we may be unable to prevent (and shall not be held responsible and liable for) unauthorized access to such information by third party.
USAGE OF INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We are committed to keeping the personal information of our customers private; we will not intentionally share or sell it without the prior written consent of our customers. Our website makes use of website analysis tools to collect aggregate information. This information pertains to website usage, which includes without limitation, the most viewed pages of the website; the entry and exit points by which users used the website; the sites that referred users to our Website; and the pages of our Website that were downloaded and/or viewed. In no way does such information contain any personal information that may be unique to a specific individual. We use personal information for the purposes of order fulfillment and customer service, which include tracking and/or confirming orders, soliciting feedback, and the like. Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution, which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions.
For users located outside the United States, the information you provide to us is being transferred and processed in the United States and is protected subject to this Policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country. By using the Website, you agree to this. If you do not agree to this and/or any terms of the Privacy Policy or Terms of Service you must immediately cease any and all use of this website. Contact webmaster@bellenza.com for more information or questions.
European Economic Area Privacy Rights
Notwithstanding the fact the information you provide to us is being processed in the United States and protected subject to this Policy and United States laws, if you are a resident of EEA, you have certain rights and protections under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Contact webmaster@bellenza.com for more information.
PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF MINORS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from a minor without the consent of the minor’s parent(s) or guardian(s). Minors are advised to obtain parental consent before disclosing any personal information. By visiting and using our Website, the user is representing that he or she is in compliance with this paragraph. We recommend that parents become involved with their children’s access to our Site, to ensure that their child’s privacy is always protected. This website is not for use for minors under the age of 18.
OTHER
By using Bellenza.com, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us, as described in this policy. We will not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of e-mail, correspondence, orders, or any other electronic communications received from you, unless required in the course of normal maintenance of the Website or we are required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such an action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or legal process served on us; (2) protect and defend our rights and/or property; (3) act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of our users or the public. Bellenza, Inc. fully cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to release information about customers and/or affiliates who we believe are in violation of our terms and conditions guidelines. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful.
We reserve the right to modify, add, and/or remove portions of this policy without prior notice. Please check our privacy policy periodically for changes. By using this site, you signify your acceptance of agreement to our privacy policy. If you have any questions regarding this policy, you can send an email to feedback [at] bellenza [dot] com.All correspondence will be answered within 24 – 48 hours upon receipt.
UPDATED: May 24, 2018
The Bellenza SiteAbout Bellenza
Contact Us
Subscribe!
Terms of Use
Disclosure
Privacy Policy (Updated)
Site Map
Fresh Ideas!The Wedding Bistro
The Party Suite
Living + Home
The SHOP at Bellenza
Get Social!Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter – Weddings
Twitter – Parties
© 2019 Copyright Bellenza, Inc. All rights reserved.