http://www.nicefashions.com/services-%26-policies
Custom Made Ice Skating Garmentsn'Ice Fashions, Inc.n'Ice Fashions, Inc.n'Ice Fashions, Inc.n'Ice Fashions, Inc.HomeSite ContentShopCharts & FormsAbout UsContact UsFAQSGalleryMoreHomeSite ContentShopCharts & FormsAbout UsContact UsFAQSGalleryn'Ice Fashions, Inc.n'Ice Fashions, Inc.n'Ice Fashions, Inc.n'Ice Fashions, Inc.HomeSite ContentShopCharts & FormsAbout UsContact UsFAQSGallery
Services & Policiesn'Ice Fashions  Madeleine's Policy:  We do not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. EVER.  We detest junk email and spam as much or more than you do. We value our privacy and we equally value yours. In short, we follow the Golden Rule of doing unto others as we hope to have others do unto us. We also consider ourselves privileged to have you here as a guest visiting our website. As such, we will strive to earn your business and your trust by demonstrating excellent service backed with solid ethics and high-quality goods. We do not and we will not ever take advantage of the courtesy you have bestowed on us as a visitor, or your trust in us as our customer. If something is not right, we will try our best to fix it. If we ever do something wrong, we’ll step up and try to make it better. That’s the real reason Madeleine has been doing business continuously on the web as n’Ice Fashions, Inc. since 1995! What follows is the legal requirements.  COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS.n’Ice Fashions, Inc. (the Company) and Customer will comply with all applicable federal, state and municipal laws, regulations, codes, ordinances and orders that pertain to the Deliverables, including but not limited to full compliance with any applicable provisions of The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act. Where the Customer is located outside the United States, or where the customer intends to ship the product outside the United States, the Customer shall be responsible for compliance with all U.S. export laws, and for filing all U.S. Electronic Export Information, as applicable.  Copyright NoticeAll content appearing on this Web site is the property of n’Ice Fashions, Inc.
Copyright © 1995 - 2016 n’Ice Fashions, Inc.. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents on this Web site so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 1995-2019  n’Ice Fashions, Inc. All rights reserved.TrademarksAll brand, product, service, and process names appearing on this Web site are trademarks of their respective holders. Reference to or use of a product, service, or process does not imply recommendation, approval, affiliation, or sponsorship of that product, service, or process by n’Ice Fashions, Inc. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel, or otherwise any license or right under any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property right of n’Ice Fashions, Inc. or any third party, except as expressly granted herein.Terms of UseThis site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical n’Ice Fashions, Inc. and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders in its discretion, including, without limitation, if n’Ice Fashions, Inc. believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of n’Ice Fashions, Inc. and its subsidiaries.Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy sets out how n’Ice Fashions, Inc. uses and protects any information that you give n’Ice Fashions, Inc. when you use this website. n’Ice Fashions, Inc.is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. n’Ice Fashions, Inc. may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.What we collectWe may collect the following information:
Name
Contact      information including email address, if you provide it to us
Demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests in products on our website
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gatherWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service with:
Internal      record keeping.
We      may use the information to improve our products and services.
We      may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special      offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using      the email address which you have provided, and only if you have opted in      to allow us to do so.
SecurityWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added, and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website.Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever      you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you      can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by      anybody for direct marketing purposes
If      you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for      direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing      to or emailing us at customerservice@d8sh.com.
Shipping and DeliveryUnless otherwise agreed upon, all items are shipped via USPS First Class mail. Shipping is typically $12.95 per item but can vary depending on final weight or size.  Custom-Made to fit items will be shipped to customers in approximately 4-5 weeks from the date of full payment and receipt of correct measurements. Expedited orders and express shipping methods can be arranged with prior agreement. Delivery in the USA is usually 2-5 business days by USPS. Shipments to international locations can be longer due to Customs inspections.n’Ice Fashions, Inc. ships merchandise to all locations within the United States and U.S. territories, including Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the US Virgin Islands. Additionally, n’Ice Fashions, Inc. ships merchandise to Canada, Mexico, and many international locations. The risk of loss and title for all merchandise ordered on this Web site passes to you when the merchandise is delivered to the shipping carrier.INSPECTION AND DELIVERYCustomer will inspect all Deliverables immediately after receiving them. Customer will be deemed to have accepted the Deliverables unless Customer notifies Company in writing of any non conformance within 5 days of delivery and provides Company written evidence reasonably documenting that non conformance. InternationalCustoms and import duties, freight costs, insurance, various fees, bank charges and insurance will be applied to International orders as may be required. Such charges are the responsibility of the recipient of the order and vary from country to country. Contact your local customs office for details. Certain restrictions can apply. All transactions with Company are in $USD only. Shipping laws are different in each country. It is your responsibility to check with your Customs office to verify whether the country to which you are shipping permits the shipment of your products. n’Ice Fashions, Inc. is not responsible for any direct, indirect, punitive, or consequential damages that arise from improper international shipping practices. Where the Customer is located outside of the United States, all Products will be sold “Ex-works, n’Ice Fashions, Inc. Hicksville, NY; (Incoterms 2010). Title and risk of loss will pass to Customer upon delivery to the Carrier.For all international orders, a letter of instruction must be submitted in writing with the order. Failure to do so will result in the order being rejected. Complete adherence to this order requirement will be strictly enforced. Company will not be held liable for any charges resulting from delays due to lack of complete required information being supplied, including improperly documented shipments held up by Customs.Sales Taxn’Ice Fashions, Inc. collects sales tax as required by Law for sales made within the State of New York for merchandise ordered on this web site. The tax rate is based on the applicable state sales tax rate and the location to which the order is being shipped, under current requirements of New York State. Generally, Company does not collect Sales Taxes for shipments made outside of New York State, unless the Customer is a business that maintains a business address within New York State. To qualify for resale exemption, you must provide satisfactory documentation to Company which identifies your status for a resale exemption certificate.Prices do not include any present or future federal, state or local property, license, privilege, sales, use, excise, gross receipts or other like taxes or assessments which may result from transactions or any services performed in connection therewith. Any taxes, charges, or duties imposed by any governmental authority on the sale of Deliverables will be paid by Customer, in addition to the selling price specified by Company.WarrantiesThe Content included in this Web site has been compiled from a variety of sources and is subject to change without notice as are any products, programs, offerings, or technical information described in this Web site.  n’Ice Fashions, Inc. makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, quality, or adequacy of the Web site or Content, or the suitability, functionality, or operation of this Web site or its Content. By using this Web site, you assume the risk that the Content on this Web site may be inaccurate, incomplete, offensive, or may not meet your needs and requirements. n’Ice Fashions, Inc. SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANT-ABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH RESPECT TO THESE WEB PAGES AND CONTENT. IN NO EVENT WILL n’Ice Fashions, Inc. BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
-- OR Depending on State --
The information and content on this server is provided "as is" with no warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchant-ability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Any warranty that is provided in connection with any of the products and services described on this Web site is provided by the advertiser or manufacturer only, and not by n’Ice Fashions, Inc. PRODUCT CHANGES.Company’s and Manufacturer’s product policies are of ongoing update and revision, and accordingly, Company and Manufacturer reserves the right to change, without notice, the design of, or the process of manufacturing the Deliverables covered by this Agreement. PAYMENTSYou may purchase merchandise from this Web site by using any one of the payment options listed in the checkout section of this website. n’Ice Fashions, Inc. reserves the right to change its payment procedures at any time without prior notice to you.Return PolicyWe believe strongly in 100% customer satisfaction! For valid and legitimate reasons, purchased items may be returned within 10 business days of receipt for a full store credit or refund. Custom made items are Final Sales. Each dress is made to fit your measurements and will only be made once for you. Alterations may be necessary, and if so, you must allow enough time for shipping and work to be completed for this contingency. Your custom-made item is not returnable for refund unless there has been a clear error made in the fabrication by n’Ice Fashions, Inc. All returns require an RMA number. Please contact us for the RMA# number in writing at customerservice@nicefashions.com before shipping any item back. Items returned without an RMA# may be refused at delivery and/or subject to a 15% restocking fee. The buyer is responsible for the shipping cost back to n’Ice Fashions, Inc. All returns are subject to inspection and final acceptance by n’Ice Fashions. Any return made may be refused by us after our inspection if it.You may not return any items that:· Are not in their original packaging, or any item that has had its tags or labels removed.· Has been worn, damaged or is soiled.· Has been subjected to smells from animals, smoke, body odor, engine exhaust, etc.· Has been modified in any way or form.DEFINITIONS.Capitalized terms have the meanings set forth in this Section, or in the Section in which they first appear in this Agreement. “Company” means n’Ice Fashions, Inc. or any subsidiary or affiliate thereof selling products that are part of their portfolio.“Content” means all information (including without limitation any text, music, sound, photographs, video, graphics, data or software), in any medium, on a particular Company Web page or Website or in Marketing Materials.“Customer” means the purchaser of Deliverables from Company. “Deliverables” means any good or service or both purchased by Customer from Company under these General Terms and Conditions of Sale and Service.
Copyright © 1995 - 2019 n'Ice Fashions, Inc. - All Rights Reserved.Powered by GoDaddy Website BuilderHomeSite ContentShopCharts & FormsAbout UsContact UsFAQSGalleryServices & PoliciesTerms and Conditions