https://www.bare-metal.com/bare-metal-foil-privacy-policy.html
Order Online or Call 248.477.0813
Bare-Metal ® FoilCasting ResinPanel Scriber
Silicone RTV Mold RubberExpert-Choice DecalsExpert-Choice Decal Film
Home
Welcome to Bare-Metal ® Foil
Home
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Policies
Links
Bare-Metal ® Foil
Bare-Metal® FoilPlease choose a foil type:
Polytek
Polytek
Products
Mold Making and Casting Starter Kit
Polytek® PlatSil Series Silicone RTV Mold Systems
Polytek® Tinsil Series Silicone RTV Mold Systems
Polytek® Polyurethane 74 Series Mold Rubbers
Polytek® Polyurethane 75 Series Mold Rubbers
Polytek® Poly Latex 60
Polytek® Poly Latex False Face
Polytek® Hydrogel N Alginate
Polytek® EasyFlo™ 60 Polyurethane Casting Resin
Decals / Specialty Items
Decals and Supplies
Experts-Choice® Decal Film
The same decal film used by professional printers to produce commercial decals. Available in both clear and white in 8 ½ X 11 sheets.
Experts-Choice® 1/32 Scale Decals
Experts-Choice® 1/48 Scale Decals
Experts-Choice® 1/72 Scale Decals
Microscale Products
Decal setting solutions, satin, flat and gloss coat finish enhancers, plastic model adhesive, and many other modeling liquids.
NOW YOU CAN QUICKLY AND EASILY CREATE YOUR OWN CUSTOM DECALS.
Experts-Choice® Decal Film is available in both clear and white one and three sheet packs. With Experts-Choice® plain decal film you can use your own color ink jet or laser printer to make home made decals. You can also use a color photo copier to reproduce any decal of your choice. This material allows you to use existing artwork from books, magazines, computer clip art, or your own original art to create any decal. The standard 8 1/2 X 11 sheets work perfectly with any copier or printer.
Important notice: Inkjet decal film is intended for use with inkjet printers only. Please choose laser decal film for photocopiers and laser printers. Laser film is located below the inkjet film.
Specialty ItemsA collection of interesting helpful items. Includes Bare-Metal® Plastic Polish, Experts-Choice™ Parts Placer, Bare-Metal® Adhesive, and much more...
Easy 6 steps
Experts-Choice Mold Products
Experts-Choice Mold Products
Mold Making and Casting Starter KitThe perfect place for the beginner to get a start. If you've never made a mold or casting before this kit is a must.
Experts-Choice® Mold PuttyEasy to use 1:1 ratio mold material for fast duplicating, cures in 20 minutes.
Experts-Choice® Low Viscosity Mold MaterialEasy to use 1:1 ratio mold material for fast duplicating, cures in 20 minutes.
New! The Prop Builder's Molding & Casting HandbookDetailed handbook on mold making and casting.
Microbulb Solid Glass SpheresMicrobulb hallow glass filler and solid glass spheres for filling polyurethane resin.
Panel Scriber Tool
Panel Scriber Tool
Search
Privacy and Security at Bare-Metal Foil Company
Bare-Metal Foil Company has created this privacy and security statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. The following discloses our information-gathering and dissemination practices for Bare-Metal Foil Company.
Information Collection and Use
We request information from the user on our order form. The user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. Bare-Metal Foil Company does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information.
While we do make use of cookies, it is not necessary to have them enabled in your browser to place an order with us. (A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s computer that is tied to information about the user.) Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Cookies do however save the shopper time when shopping our site.
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Bare-Metal Foil Company, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site, www.bare-metal.com.
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. Bare-Metal Foil Company does not sell, rent, or trade your personal information to third parties.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to ‘opt-out’ of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for information. For example, our order form has an ‘opt-out’ mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don’t want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by sending an e-mail to customservice@bare-metal.com. Place “REMOVE FROM LIST” in the body of the message.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing.'
Bare-Metal Foil Company guarantees that every purchase you make on our site will be 100% safe, secure, and guaranteed. This means that you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your credit card as a result of shopping with us.
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank can not hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, Bare-Metal Foil Company will cover the entire liability for you, up to $50. Bare-Metal Foil Company will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made while using our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to customerservice@bare-metal.com.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
customerservice@bare-metal.com
29800 Grande River Ave.
Farmington Hills, MI 48336
248.476.3343
Contact Us
Bare-Metal ® Foil, Inc.
P. O. Box 82Farmington, MI 48332
customerservice@bare-metal.com
248.477.0813
bare-metal.com
Links
Bare-Metal Foil
Polytek
Decals and Supplies
Mold Rubber
Panel Scriber Tool
Site Map
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Shipping
Security & Privacy
Links
Gift Certificates
Copyright ©  bare-metal.com, Bare-Metal ® Foil, Inc.. All rights reserved.