http://www.sherwoodsspirit.com/terms-and-conditions-1
Welcome
Collections
New Acquisitions
Beadwork
Parfleche
Clothing
Dolls & Cradles
Jewelry
Pottery
Moccasins
Katsinas
Weapons
Baskets
Textiles
Pipes
Artwork
More
Gallery
About Us
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Newsletter
Catalog
Terms & Conditions
TERMS & CONDITIONSOur GuaranteeSherwood's guarantee comes with each article sold, and assures that the article purchased is as described, authentic and genuine.To OrderYou may order by telephone, fax, email or snail mail. We recommend the telephone method, as the items offered are, in most cases, one-of-a-kind, and subject to prior sale.Our phone number505-988-1776; our fax is 505-992-1812Our hours 10:00 a.m. to 5 p.m.. MST, Monday through Saturday  Our address128 West Palace Avenue, Santa Fe, NM 87501PaymentWe accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, personal checks, and money orders. Your payment must accompany your order.Any items ordered by phone, not paid for by credit card, will be held for four (4) days until your check or money order arrives. Sorry, no C.O.D. orders.New Mexico residents please add 8.3125 percent sales tax.Terms AvailableWe are ready to assist you should payment terms be necessary. Please speak with one of our knowledgeable staff to assist you, 505-988-1776.Prior SaleMost items offered are subject to prior sale. Most items are one-of-kind, and we apologize if something has already been sold.We suggest that if you find something you wish to purchase to call and speak with one of our staff, 505-988-1776.PurchasesWe purchases individual pieces and entire collections. We also accept pieces on consignment.If you are interested in in selling or consigning your items through our gallery please contact us through email, sherwoodsspirit@yahoo.com, or snail mail, 128 West Palace Avenue, Santa Fe, NM 87501, with the following information:Images: High quality photos showing multiple images of items and any markings or signatures.Condition: In your correspondence please include the condition, noting any damage or any restorations that have been done.History: Include a detailed history of the piece. Please state if there is documentation as well.Dimensions: Please include height, length and width for all fine art, measured without frame.Once we receive your information we will evaluate the items and contact you. All information is confidential. We do not provide appraisals, but can provide you the name of a local appraiser to contact. We look forward to hearing from you. ErrorsEvery effort has been made to ensure that the information on this website is accurate. Sherwoods cannot be held liable for typographical errors.