http://www.maggs.com/privacy_policy/
Privacy Policy
MAGGS BROS LTDPRIVACY POLICY FOR VISITORS TO www.maggs.com
1. Maggs Bros Ltd (“We”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our terms of use) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.  Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
2. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is (NAME AND REGISTERED ADDRESS).
3. Information we may collect from you. We may collect and process the following data about you:Information that you provide by filling in forms on our site (“our site”). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information if and when you report a problem with our site. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them. Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, and the resources that you access.
4. IP addresses. We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
5. Cookies. For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our site and to deliver a better and more personalised service. Some of the cookies we use are essential for the site to operate.If you register with us or if you continue to use our site, you agree to our use of cookies.Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies as soon you visit our site. Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after 2 years.
6. Where we store your personal data. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access
7. Uses made of the information. We use information held about you in the following ways:To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes. To notify you about changes to our services.If you are an existing client, we will only send marketing communications to you by electronic means (e-mail) with information about services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. If you are a new client, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.  If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
8. Your rightsOur site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
9. Access to information. The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you
10. Changes to our privacy policy. Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail
11. Contact Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed via equiries@maggs.com