https://www.seattleavionics.com/company/privacy_policy
Last revised: 9/12/2020
Your privacy is very important to us. Please read below to see how Seattle Avionics handles information. Before you get to the details, here are a few of our fundamental privacy principles:
• As you use our apps or website, most information you generate (flight plans, pilot and plane settings, etc.) is not shown or available to other users.
• The app can record your flights to create logbook entries, review the flights later, and (optionally) share your flying with others. By default, the flight recorder is set to On. You can select how much of your flying you share with others with your choice of three privacy levels (entirely private to you, shared only with users you specifically select, or shared with all users). The default privacy level does not share your flights with anyone else but a small amount of information is viewable to other pilots (your name, home airport, and number of flights taken with the system) so they can find you and ask you to allow them to follow your flying. If you set your privacy level to "Private", no information whatsoever is shared with other pilots. More information about this is in our FAQ. In a few other cases, such as when using Document Groups, information you add made be available to other people.
• We aggregate and de-identify certain information about our users for business purposes (for example, determine the most commonly used airports).
• We give you several ways to control the privacy of your personal information and are continuously working to enhance privacy options available to you.
Seattle Avionics respects your privacy and shares your concern about the security of information you may submit to Seattle Avionics's websites and the related mobile applications and services (collectively, the “Services”). Our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains the information we collect, how we use and share it, how to manage your privacy settings and your rights in connection with the Services.
Seattle Avionics is headquartered in Woodinville, Washington in the United States and our Services are provided to you by Seattle Avionics. If you are a resident of the European Union (“EU”), Seattle Avionics. is the controller of your personal data for the purposes of EU data protection law.
This policy was written in English. To the extent a translated version conflicts with the English version, the English version controls. Unless indicated otherwise, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third party products or services or the practices of companies that we do not own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the Services.
Questions or comments about this Privacy Policy may be submitted by mail to the address below or via email to support@SeattleAvionics.com.
Seattle Avionics
19825 141st Place NE
Woodinville, WA 98072
customerservice@SeattleAvionics.com
We Collect, Use, Share and Otherwise Process Information
Seattle Avionics relies on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including:
• As necessary to provide the Services and fulfill our obligations pursuant to the Terms of Service. For example, we cannot provide the Services unless we collect and use your location and flight information
• Where you have consented to the processing, which you can revoke at any time. For example, you may consent to the storage and processing of your flight tracks;
• Where necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims;
• To protect your vital interests, or those of others, such as in the case of emergencies or for aviation accident investigation;
• Where you have made the information public;
• Where necessary in the public interest; and
• Where necessary for the purposes of Seattle Avionics's or a third party's legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, users or partners.
Our Legitimate Interests
We process your information in furtherance of our legitimate interests, including:
• Providing and improving the Services, including any personalized Services. We do so as it is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of providing and developing innovative and tailored offerings to our members on a sustained basis; and
• Keeping the Services safe and secure. We do so as it is necessary to pursue the legitimate interests of Seattle Avionics and its users in ensuring the Services are secure, and to protect against fraud, spam and abuse, etc.
Information Seattle Avionics Collects
Seattle Avionics collects information about you, including information that directly or indirectly identifies you, if you or your other users choose to share it with Seattle Avionics. We receive information in a few different ways, including when you plan, track, file, or request information using the Services. Seattle Avionics also collects information about how you use the Services. There are also several opportunities for you to share information about yourself and your activities with Seattle Avionics. For example:
• We collect basic account information such as your name, email address, and password that helps secure and provide you with access to our Services. For flight planning purposes, we also collect information about your aircraft and pilot profile. Pilot profiles may contain information about services we use on your behalf, such as Leidos or other flight planning/briefing services. Profile and use information is collected about you when you choose to upload a document, picture, tracks (including date, time and geo-location information as well as derived performance information, join a group, view others' activities, or otherwise use the Services.
• You can choose to add your contacts' information to connect with your contacts on Seattle Avionics and to send them your activity information. If you choose to use these features, Seattle Avionics will access and store your contacts' information in accordance with your instructions. By submitting such contact information, you confirm that you have the authority to use and share such information.
• Seattle Avionics collects information from devices and apps you connect to Seattle Avionics. For example, you may connect your ADS-B or GPS receiver to our apps and information from these devices and apps may be be passed along to Seattle Avionics if you store tracks on our server. For ADS-B debugging purposes, the apps store an ADS-B log file on your device automatically. These logs are not sent to Seattle Avionics until and unless you explicitly do so (generally because our tech support team requests them to help solve a problem you're having).
• We gather information from the tracks, plans, photos, posts, comments, fuel price updates, and other content you share on the Services, including when you add documents or groups.
• When you make a payment on Seattle Avionics, you may provide payment information such as your payment card or other payment details. We use Payment Card Industry compliant third-party payment services and we store your credit card information in an encrypted way on servers controlled and managed by a large, highly-reputable third-part data service to enable automatic renewal. You can opt-out of automatic renewal with the My Account link at the top of all of our web pages.
• We collect and process location information when you sign up for and use the Services. This involves optionally recording your flights and plans. This can be used to provide you with statistics and images and inclusion in the Service's features (for example, sharing a route image on Facebook or Twitter or sending data to CloudAhoy or other vendors you choose). It is necessary to collect and record the physical location of your device including, data such as speed and direction. You can tell us about important locations, such as your home airport. Processing of your location data is essential to the Services which we provide and a necessary part of our performance of the agreement we have with you.
• To help us to provide you with the best possible service, you can choose to provide us with your contact information so we can better respond to your support requests and comments.
• We also may obtain additional third party information about users from marketers, partners, researchers, and others. We may combine information that we collect from you with information obtained from other users, third parties and information derived from any other subscription, product, or service we provide. We may also collect information about you from other users such as when they share documents or flight information with you or comment about you.
• We collect information from your browser, computer, or mobile device, which provide us with technical information when you access or use the Services. This technical information includes device and network information, cookies, log files and analytics information.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit the Services, a cookie will be stored on your computer or similar device. Generally, cookies and similar technologies work by assigning to your browser or device a unique number that has no meaning outside of Seattle Avionics. Seattle Avionics uses these technologies to personalize your experience and to assist in delivering content specific to your interests. Additionally, after you've entered your email and password during a session on the Services, Seattle Avionics saves that information so you don't have to re-enter it repeatedly during that session.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies. To manage the collection of information through cookies or other equivalent technology you can use the settings on your browser or mobile device. Seattle Avionics is committed to providing you choices to manage your privacy and sharing. However, Seattle Avionics does not recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the internet industry has not fully developed Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions. To learn more about Do Not Track signals, you can visit https://allaboutdnt.com. Not accepting cookies may make certain features of the Services unavailable to you. Seattle Avionics may also use your IP address to identify you, to administer the Services and to assist in diagnosing problems with Seattle Avionics's servers.
Log Files
The Services use log files. Stored information includes IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. This information is used to analyze trends, administer, protect and secure the Services, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., may be linked to session IDs, user IDs and device identifiers.
How Seattle Avionics Uses Information
Seattle Avionics uses the information we collect and receive to administer and operate the Services and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. Subject to your privacy settings, your information, including your profile, username, photos, groups you belong to, your activities, and comments you give and receive will be shared on Seattle Avionics to participate in the Services. Location information, such as a route or flight plan may also be shared on Seattle Avionics, in accordance with your settings.
We also use your information to analyze, develop and improve the Services. To do this, Seattle Avionics may use third party analytics providers to gain insights into how our Services are used and to help us improve the Services. We may also use your information to market the Services, credit or accept payments, provide support related to the Services, protect users and enforce our Terms of Service, promote safety, and communicate with you. Additionally, your information may be shared with third parties, as set forth below.
Seattle Avionics may de-identify or aggregate the content you make available in connection with the Services, in ways that do not personally identify you. Examples of such aggregated information or statistical data include information about equipment, usage, demographics, routes and performance. Seattle Avionics does not sell, license, or share this information with third parties.
We use your information to communicate with you about the Services, send you marketing communications (where you have agreed to receive such messages), or let you know about data updates, new features, or updates to our Terms of Service. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us. Seattle Avionics will use your information to communicate with you, for example by sending you notifications or email or other forms of messaging.
How Information is Shared
Service Providers
We may share your information with third parties who provide services to Seattle Avionics such as supporting and improving the Services, promoting the Services, processing payments, or fulfilling orders. These service providers will only have access to the information necessary to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to protect and secure your information. We may also engage service providers to collect information about your use of the Services over time on our behalf so that we or they may promote Seattle Avionics or display information that may be relevant to your interests on the Services or other websites or services.
Publicly Available Information
By default, your information and content is not publicly accessible except as previously noted. In the future, new services may require making limited information public or available to users you select. If so, you will be able to opt-out of this entirely.
Third Party Business via API or Other Integrations
When you choose to use third party apps, plug-ins, or websites that integrate with the Services (for example, Leidos/1800wxbrief.com) they may receive some of your information and content, including your personal information, as required for the proper operation of the third party service. Information collected by these third parties is subject to their terms and policies. Seattle Avionics is not responsible for the terms or policies of third parties.
Affiliates and Acquirers of our Business or Assets
We may share your information with affiliates under common control with us, who are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to your information. If Seattle Avionics becomes involved in a business combination, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution or other similar transaction, we may share or transfer your information in connection with such transaction.
Legal Requirements
We may preserve and share your information with third parties, including law enforcement, public or governmental agencies, or private litigants, within or outside your country of residence, if we determine that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with the law, including to respond to court orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal or regulatory process. We may also retain, preserve or disclose your information if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary or appropriate to prevent any person from death or serious bodily injury, to aid in aviation accident investigations, to address issues of national security or other issues of public importance, to prevent or detect violations of our Terms of Service or fraud or abuse of Seattle Avionics or its members, or to protect our operations or our property or other legal rights, including by disclosure to our legal counsel and other consultants and third parties in connection with actual or potential litigation.
DMCA Notices
We may share your information with third parties when we forward Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) notifications, which will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions.
How We Protect Information
We take several measures to safeguard the collection, transmission and storage of the data we collect. Although we strive to employ reasonable protections for your information that are appropriate to its sensitivity, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of the information you share with us and we are not responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of your information or content. No system is 100% secure. The Services uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of personal information and credit card numbers. The Services are registered with site identification authorities so that your browser can confirm Seattle Avionics's identity before any personally identifiable information is sent. In addition, Seattle Avionics's secure servers protect this information using advanced firewall technology.
To help ensure that these measures are effective in preventing unauthorized access to your private information, you should be aware of the security features available to you through your browser. You should use a security-enabled browser to submit your credit card information and other personal information at the Services. Please note that if you do not use a SSL-capable browser, you are at risk for having data intercepted.
Most browsers have the ability to notify you if you change between secure and insecure communications, receive invalid services identification information for the Services you are communicating with, or send information over an unsecured connection. Seattle Avionics recommends that you enable these browser functions to help ensure that your communications are secure. You can also monitor the URL of the services you are visiting (secure URLs begin with https:// rather than http://), along with the security symbol of your browser to help identify when you are communicating with a secure server. You can also view the details of the security certificate of the services to which you are connected. Please check the validity of any Services you connect to using secure communications.
Disclaimer
While Seattle Avionics continues to work hard to protect your personal information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure, and Seattle Avionics cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Seattle Avionics. Transmitting personal information is done at your own risk.
Managing Your Settings
Privacy Settings
Seattle Avionics offers several features and settings to help you manage your privacy and how you share your activities. Most privacy settings are located in your My Account page on our main web site or in the Settings section of our apps. Seattle Avionics provides you the option to make your activities private. To manage your privacy settings, please visit https://www.seattleavionics.com/manage.
Adjust Notification and Email Preferences
Seattle Avionics offers various ways to manage the notifications you receive. You can choose to stop receiving certain emails and notifications by indicating your preference at https://www.seattleavionics.com/manage. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained at the bottom of each type of email. Any administrative or service-related emails (to confirm a purchase, or an update to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service, etc.) generally do not offer an option to unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the Services you requested.
Updating Account Information
You may correct, amend or update profile or account information that is inaccurate at any time by adjusting that information in your account settings. If you need further assistance, please contact Seattle Avionics at support@SeattleAvionics.com. Seattle Avionics will generally respond to your request within 7-10 business days.
Deleting Information and Accounts
You may request that your account is deleted by emailing customerservice@SeattleAvionics.com. Once deleted, your data, including your account, aircraft and pilot profiles, flight plans, tracks, documents, and more cannot be reinstated. Certain elements of your account, such as transaction history, may not be deleted if that would interfere with the proper operation of a subscription. In other cases where fully deleting your information would make our financial or other records invalid, we may choose to anonymized your account rather than delete it.
Note that content you have shared with others (for example, through a Group) or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have deleted your account or deleted the information from your own profile. If relevant, your public profile may be displayed in search engine results until the search engine refreshes its cache.
EU Members' Rights
If you are habitually located in the European Union, you have the right to access, rectify, download or erase your information, as well as the right to restrict and object to certain processing of your information. While some of these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain limited circumstances. We describe these rights below:
Access and Porting
You can access much of your information by logging into your account. If you require additional access or if you are not a Seattle Avionics user, contact us at support@SeattleAvionics.com. To download a copy of your data, contact customerservice@SeattleAvionics.com.
Rectify, Restrict, Limit, Delete
You can also rectify, restrict, limit or delete much of your information by logging into your account. If you are unable to do this, please contact us at support@SeattleAvionics.com. Seattle Avionics will generally respond to your request within 10-14 business days.
Object
Where we process your information based on our legitimate interests explained above, or in the public interest, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing your information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons.
Revoke consent
Where you have previously provided your consent, such as to permit us to process flight data about you, you have the right to withdraw your consent to the processing of your information at any time. For example, you can withdraw your consent by updating your settings. In certain cases, we may continue to process your information after you have withdrawn consent if we have a legal basis to do so or if your withdrawal of consent was limited to certain processing activities.
Complain
Should you wish to raise a concern about our use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you may have), you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority.
Transfers
The Services are operated from the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Services or provide information to us, you acknowledge and understand that your information will be transferred, processed and stored in the United States, as it is necessary to provide the Services and perform the Terms of Service. United States privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction.
Retention of Information
We retain information as long as it is necessary to provide the Services to you and others, subject to any legal obligations to further retain such information. Information associated with your account will generally be kept until it is no longer necessary to provide the Services or until you ask us to delete it or your account is deleted whichever comes first. For example, where you withdraw your consent to Seattle Avionics processing your flight information, Seattle Avionics will delete all flight information you uploaded. Following your deletion of your account, it may take up to 30 days to fully delete your personal information and system logs from our systems. Additionally, we may retain information from deleted accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect fees, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with investigations, enforce the Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Information about you that is no longer necessary and relevant to provide our Services may be de-identified and aggregated with other non-personal data to provide insights which are commercially valuable to Seattle Avionics, such as statistics of the use of the Services. For example, we may retain publicly available segments or routes and other depersonalized geolocation information to continue to improve the Services and to use in Seattle Avionics Services. This information will be de-associated with your name and other identifiers.
Other Seattle Avionics Sites
Seattle Avionics maintains certain websites that can be accessed outside of https://SeattleAvionics.com such as https://flyq.SeattleAvionics.com. Our blog, some technical support pages, and some newsletter archives (the “Other Sites”) may maintain the look and feel of the Services, but are hosted by outside service providers with their own terms and privacy policies. If you interact with the Other Sites, your information may be stored, processed, or shared outside of the Services. If you interact with the Other Sites, you acknowledge that you may be subject to the terms and conditions and policies applicable to such Other Site. Please be aware that any personal information you submit to the Other Sites may be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums indefinitely, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Seattle Avionics is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit via the Other Sites.
Privacy Policy Information
Seattle Avionics reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review it occasionally. If Seattle Avionics makes changes to this Privacy Policy, the updated Privacy Policy will be posted on the Services in a timely manner and, if we make material changes, we will provide a prominent notice. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you should stop using the Services and delete your account.