http://www.joannasheen.com/privacy/
Joanna Sheen
Your shopping cart is empty!
Home Page
My Account
Online Craft Shop
Tuition & Advice
Projects
Gallery
Special Offers
Videos
About Us
Contact Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
TV Shows
Tel: +44 (0)7946 728734
sales@joannasheen.com
Sign up to our email newsletter for regular updates and tips:
Privacy Policy
Protecting Your Privacy
At Joanna Sheen Limited, we feel it's really important to protect both the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors.
Like you we are customers ourselves of other internet sites - so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is. If you have any questions about Privacy and Cookies,
drop us a line at sales@joannasheen.com
For all our services, the data controller - the company that's responsible for your privacy - is Joanna Sheen Limited.
How do we use your name & contact details?
To deliver your order to you - without it we could not process your order
To send you e-mails relating to your order
To send you informational emails about new products and general news from Joanna Sheen Limited.
But don't worry we only send these if you have asked to be subscribed to our newsletters and we do not send daily newsletters.
We simply send weekly newsletters or when we have something really exciting to say. We hate spam like everybody else so we will only send newsletters when there is
something new to say and even then only 4 or 5 times a month.
Your payment information
All payments when placing orders via our website are taken by the payment gateway Pay360 by Capita (Also known as SecPay).
The only information we at Joanna Sheen Limited see are the Card Holders Name, Last Four Digits on the front of the Card, Card Type and lastly Expiry Date.
We do not see or have access to the full card number or Security Number keeping our customers safe and also ourselves safe.
How do we use your purchase history?
To provide customer service and support, and handle returns
To find out what you and other customers like to make good decisions
Sharing your information
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party - including your name, address, email address or credit card information.
We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
Marketing Emails
If you have said we can, we'll send you marketing emails to keep you aware of what we're up to and to help you see and find our new products.
How to stop marketing messages from Joanna Sheen
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
You can do this:
By clicking on the 'unsubscribe' link in any newsletter email or by contacting sales@joannasheen.com
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don't receive further marketing messages.
Stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications (such as order confirmations).
Keeping your information
We need to keep your order history data for a period of time to assist with processing your order and also to be able to offer good customer service relating to older orders.
Also in reality we need to keep records for 7 years to comply with HMRC and Vat requirements. However if a customer has not ordered from us in 5years all online related identifiable data,
including names, addresses, telephone numbers and emails will be Anonymised.
Your rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this by logging into My Account)
The right to request that we delete your data
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through the un-subscribe link on all of our Newsletters.
The right to complain to your data protection regulator - in the UK, the Information Commissioner's Office
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. For more information on cookies, please see our cookie notice at the top of the website.
The cookies we use on our web site are:
Name
Provider
Purpose
ASPSESSIONID#
joannasheen.com
Preserves users states across page requests.
CookieConsent
joannasheen.com
Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain
__utm.gif
google-analytics.com
Google Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer.
__utma
joannasheen.com
Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the frst and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics.
__utmb
joannasheen.com
Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmc
joannasheen.com
Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.
__utmz
joannasheen.com
Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics.
How to contact us
We are always happy to hear from our customers
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint
please don't hesitate to contact us on sales@joannasheen.com,
where somebody will be happy to answer any questions you may have
Or if you'd like to, you can write to us at:
Joanna Sheen LTD.
Hale Cottage
Bridgwater road
Winscombe
Somerset
BS25 1NN
ENGLAND
Designed and Developed by Webselect Ltd.