http://www.klick.co.uk/terms-conditions/#privacy
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Max Spielmann – website terms and conditions.
We’re here to provide you with great photo products and not endless terms and conditions.
We do need to tell you that the name of our business is Max Spielmann Ltd. and that we’re registered at Timpson House, Claverton Road, Wythenshawe, Manchester, M23 9TT. BUT, IF YOU’RE SENDING US FILMS TO PROCESS OR CONVERT TO DVD/USB then please send your order to:Max Spielmann ICE, Unit 1, Wrynose Road, The Old Hall Industrial Estate, Bromborough, CH62 3QD
You can also contact us by clicking here.
Our VAT registration number is 217915261.
Our company is registered in England with registration number is 06776700.
Because most of the products that we sell online are personalised for you we may not be able to cancel your order but if a mistake is made and you contact us quickly enough we will do our best to cancel your order.
We’ll do our best to produce your order to the quality you expect and in the time promised. If we don’t manage that then let us know by clicking here to contact us and we’ll do whatever we can to help.
By using our website and / or apps we ask you not to upload any images that are under copyright without the copyright holder’s permission in writing and do not attempt to upload any obscene or objectionable images or text. We may have to cancel your order and refund your payment if such images are sent to us. We also ask you to backup any images that you send us.
If you use our collect in store service we will keep your order for up to 3 months from the date you place your order but reserve the right to dispose of any items you don’t collect after that time.  We also reserve the right to no longer accept orders from you if you do not collect items which are for payment in-store.
Our business is based on giving you amazing service and we hope you enjoy shopping with us.
Last updated: 8th July 2020
Create Products
Photo Prints
Canvas Prints
Photo Books
Poster Prints
Personalised Cushions
Photo Mugs
Personalised Cards
Photo Services
Business Printing
Drop & Go Laundry
Passport Photos, ID & Visa
Family Photoshoot
Instant Photo Printing
Poster Printing
VHS & Cine to DVD
Film Processing
Photo Booth
Photo Restoration
Connect with Max Spielmann
Contact Customer Support
Max Spielmann Jobs
Max Photo Blog
Find us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Max YouTube channel
Max Photo Printing App
Newsletter
Enter your email address to receive offers and promotions from Max Spielmann by email. You can opt out whenever you like – for more details please see our privacy policy.
Manage Cookie Preferences
Terms and Conditions | Privacy and Cookies | Recycling (WEEE Regulations)
©2017 Max Spielmann - Max Spielmann is proud to be part of the Timpson Group of companies who are also pleased to support the following photo printing brands: Snappy Snaps, Tesco Photo
Top of Page