https://www.eyeq.com.au/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
The EyeQ Optometrists Privacy Policy, stated here, explains how we collect and manage your personal information. In this “we”, “our”, “us” refers to EyeQ Optometrists Limited (ABN 47 006 505 880).
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted on our website. Please review it regularly. This Privacy Policy was last updated in May 2018.
Personal Information We May Collect:
We may collect the following types of personal information:
Full name;
Mailing or street address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Date of birth;
Health fund details;
Details of the products and services you have purchased from us or which you have enquired about, together with any additional information necessary to deliver those products and services and to respond to your enquiries, including but not limited to your prescription details and your medical history;
Any additional information relating to you that you provide to us directly through our websites or indirectly through use of our websites or online presence, through our representatives or otherwise; and
Information you provide to us through our Customer Assistance team.
We may also collect some information that is not personal information because it does not identify you or anyone else. For example, we may collect aggregated information about how users use our website
We are required to collect your name, address and date of birth as part of our legal and regulatory obligations, including under the Health Practitioner Regulation National Law as enacted in each state and territory of Australia.
How We Collect Your Personal Information
We collect your personal information directly from you unless it is unreasonable or impracticable to do so. This could take place through a variety of ways including:
when you visit an EyeQ Optometrists practice, including for an eye exam
when you visit an EyeQ Optometrists practice to purchase eyewear products and associated products and services
when you book an eye test using our website or over the phone
when you attend an eye test or screening organised by EyeQ Optometrists at a community event
when you contact us via our social media pages
when you enter a competition
when you contact us with an enquiry or complaint in relation to our products and services
through your access and use of our website; and
when you apply for a job with us.
We may also collect personal information from third parties including:
from third party companies such as credit reporting agencies, law enforcement agencies and other government entities (such as the Department of Veterans Affairs)
from data analysis agencies;
from employment recruitment agencies;
from health funds;
from other optometrists and health practitioners with your consent.
We may collect personal information from you in a variety of ways including, without limitation, on forms, questionnaires and surveys, by our website (including cookie collection), over the telephone, by email or person to person.
Whether we collect information from you directly or through another party we will always take reasonable steps to make sure you are aware of the reasons for which the information is collected.
We also use cookies to measure and analyse traffic on our website so that we can improve the way we present our products and services online. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you can set your browser so that your computer does not accept them.
We may log IP addresses (that is, the electronic addresses of computers connected to the internet) to analyse trends, administer the website, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information.
For What Purposes Do We Collect, Hold, Use and Disclose Your Personal Information
We collect personal information about you so that we can provide you with the most appropriate eyecare and eyewear products and services, and to provide you with a high quality of customer service.
We also collect, hold, use and disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
to provide products and services to you and to send communications to you
to provide products and services to you as a result of a contractual arrangement with your employer
to answer enquiries and provide information or advice about existing and new products or services
to advise you on your eye care needs including when it’s time to come and see us for another eye test
advise you if we or one of our optometrists relocate
advise you if your store has merged rebranded, relocated or closed
to assess the performance of the website and to improve the operation of the website
to assess our customer service and to improve our customer service to you
to conduct business processing functions including providing personal information to our related bodies corporate, franchisees, contractors, service providers or other third parties
for the administrative, marketing (including direct marketing and marketing research), planning, product or service development, quality control, human resources, educational and research purposes of EyeQ Optometrists, its related bodies corporate, franchisees, contractors or service providers
to provide your updated personal information to our related bodies corporate, franchisees, contractors or service providers
to update our records and keep your contact details up to date
to process and respond to any complaint or enquiry made by you; and
to comply with any law, rule, regulation, lawful and binding determination, decision or direction of a regulator, or in co-operation with any governmental authority of any country.
We may also collect personal information about third parties from you, such as personal information about your family members, so that we can provide products and services to those third parties. If you provide personal information about a third party individual to us, you must ensure that the third party individual is aware of this Privacy Policy, understands it and agrees to accept it. If you provide personal information about a third party individual and that individual does not have the capacity to understand and agree to these terms (for example, a minor), we require a parent or guardian to acknowledge and agree to this paragraph.
Your personal information will not be shared, sold, rented or disclosed other than as described in this Privacy Policy.
To Whom May We Disclose Your Information?
We may disclose your personal information to:
Our employees, related bodies corporate, franchisees, contractors or service providers for the purposes of operating our website or our business, fulfilling requests by you, and to otherwise provide products and services to you including, without limitation, lens suppliers and manufacturers, contact lens vendors, web hosting providers, IT systems administrators, mailing houses, couriers, payment processors, data entry service providers, electronic network administrators, debt collectors, archivists and professional advisors such as accountants, solicitors, business advisors and consultants;
suppliers and other third parties with whom we have commercial relationships, for business, marketing, and related purposes;
referees whose details are provided to us by job applicants;
to another company or business where our store or stores are acquired by, sold to or otherwise transferred to that company or business;
to government and regulatory bodies and law enforcement agencies,
with your consent, to other health practitioners and medical practitioners and forward relevant information to that health practitioner or medical practitioner about your particular condition; and
any other organisation for any authorised purpose with your express consent, including your insurers and your solicitors.
We may combine or share any information that we collect from you with information collected by any of our related bodies corporate.
We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party. Third parties are responsible for informing you about their own privacy practices.
Direct Marketing
We may send you direct marketing communications and information about our products and services that we consider may be of interest to you. These communications may be sent in various forms, including mail, SMS and email, in accordance with applicable marketing laws, such as the Spam Act 2003 (Cth). You consent to us sending you those direct marketing communications by any of those methods. If you indicate a preference for a method of communication, we will endeavour to use that method whenever practical to do so. In addition, at any time you may opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us by
contacting us or by using opt-out facilities provided in the marketing communications, and we will then ensure that your name is removed from our mailing list.
We may also disclose your personal information to our related bodies corporate, our other business partners and our service providers to give you information and offers about products and services offered by us or these companies.
Please note that by opting out of receiving marketing communications, you may still receive communications from us (such as invoices and notices) in relation to the products and services you have purchased from us.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Personal Information?
We require accurate personal information about you to ensure you receive the best possible service. You may request access to any personal information we hold about you at any time by contacting us.
There may be instances where we cannot grant you access to the personal information we hold. For example, we may need to refuse access if granting access would interfere with the privacy of others or if it would result in a breach of confidentiality. If that happens, we will give you written reasons for any refusal.
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is up-to-date whenever we collect it or use it. This may include, for example, using data obtained from third parties to verify the accuracy of your personal information.
If you find that current personal information we hold about you is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date, please contact us immediately and we will take reasonable steps to correct it.
We Store Your Personal Information Securely
We take reasonable steps to ensure we protect any personal information that we hold from misuse, loss and unauthorised access, modification and disclosure.
Your personal information may be stored in hard copy documents and electronically.
We maintain physical and electronic security over our paper and electronic data storage. We also maintain computer and network security. For example, we use firewalls (security measures for the Internet) and other systems such as user identifiers and passwords to control access to computer systems.
If the personal information we collect is no longer needed for any purposes and we are not required by law to retain it, we take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify it.
We shall notify you in the event of a data breach that is likely to result in a serious harm to you. We shall advise the Australian Information Commissioner of any such breach.
Disclosure To Overseas Recipients
We may disclose your personal information to our related bodies corporate and third party suppliers and service providers, government and quasi-government organisations, located overseas for some of the purposes listed above. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the overseas recipients of your personal information do not breach the privacy obligations relating to your personal information.
Complaints
If you believe that your privacy has been breached, please contact us using the contact information below and provide details of the incident so that we can investigate it.
We request that complaints about breaches of privacy be made in writing, so we can be sure about the details of the complaint. We will attempt to confirm as appropriate and necessary with you your understanding of the conduct relevant to the complaint and what you expect as an outcome. We will investigate your complaint and will advise you of the outcome of our investigations in writing.
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites operated by third parties. We make no representations or warranties in relation to the privacy practices of any third party website and we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of any third party website. Third party websites are responsible for informing you about their own privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, any concerns or a complaint relating to your personal information, please contact us.
Please contact us at:
Company Secretary
Email: customerservice@eyeq.com.au
PO Box 641 Botany NSW 1455
Industry-leading clinicaldiagnosis and treatment
State-of-the-art eyetesting equipment
Expertise in fittingframes and lenses
Proudly AustralianOwned
Book Online Now
×
Select a state
Select location
New South Wales
Queensland
South Australia
Victoria
Western Australia
Find an optometrist
×
Select a state
Select location
New South Wales
Queensland
South Australia
Victoria
Western Australia
EyeQ news & promos
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Eye Care
Eye Conditions
Health Funds
New Patient Information
What To Expect At Your Visit
Eyes For Life™
Quick Links
Home
Find An Optometrist
Eye care
Blog
AfterPay
Book An Eye Test
Resources
Our Services
FAQs
Franchise
Careers
Contact Us
We Accept
Follow Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Sitemap
© 2020 EyeQ Optometrists Ltd. ABN 47 006 505 880
ALCON CONTACT LENSES
Our contact lens provider Alcon is experiencing delays fulfilling orders due to a cyber-security incident involving their freight partner, Toll Group. These delays are across their entire network of optical retailers in Australia. We apologise for an inconvenience caused and encourage you to contact your local EyeQ practice for any urgent requirements.