http://www.drugtestsystems.com/privacy.php
View Cart |
Request Info |
Customer Service |
Volume Discounts
Call Us Today! 888.805.4849
HOME
ABOUT US
DRUG TESTING INFO
LAB CONFIRMATION TESTING
FAQS
CONTACT
Shop for
Drug Testing Products:
Adulteration Drug Tests
Buprenorphine / Suboxone Drug Testing Products
Single Dip Buprenorphine Tests
Multi Dip Buprenorphine Tests
Buprenorphine Drug Cups
CLIA Waived Drug Tests
Single Dip CLIA Waived Tests
Multi Dip CLIA Waived Tests
CLIA Waived Drug Test Cups
CLIA Waived Buprenorphine / Suboxone Drug Tests
Multi Dip Drug Test Cards
DrugCheck Multi Dip Tests
Multi-Clin Multi Dip Tests
QuickTox CLIA Waived Dip Tests
Rapid TOX® CLIA Waived Dip Tests w/ Buprenorph
Screeners Multi Dip Tests
Single Dip Drug Test Cards
Amphetamines (AMP)
Barbiturates (BAR)
Benzodiazepine (BZO)
Buprenorphine (BUPE)
CLIA Waived Buprenorphine
Cocaine (COC)
Methamphetamines
MDMA / Ecstacy
Methadone (MTD)
Opiates (OPI)
Oxycontin (OXY)
Phencyclidine (PCP)
Marijuana (THC)
Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCA)
Drug Testing Collection Cups
Nicotine / Cotinine Drug Test
Drug Test Urine Controls
Drug
Test
Systems
LABORATORY
Confirmation Drug Testing
Tests
start at
only
$30 each
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for DrugTestSystems.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 1-888-805-4849 or via email.
Sign up today to receive our newsletter and special
discounts!
Email
Address (*required)
First Name
Last Name
Company
http://www.drugtestsystems.com/
Drug Testing Information
Adulteration Reference Guide
Cross Reaction Table
Cut-offs and Detection Windows
Training and Certification
CLIA Waived Information
Lab Confirmation Testing
Resources & Links
DTS Newsletter
Current Issue
Sign Up
Unsubscribe
General Information
Privacy
Shipping/Returns
Conditions of Use
Buy Drug Tests
Quantity Discounts
Home |
About Us |
Drug Testing Info |
Lab Confirmations |
FAQs |
Request Info |
Customer Service |
Privacy |
Contact
Copyright © 2010 Drug Test Systems, Inc.
Products sold on this site are for professional use only. Products are not intended for home use.
Web
Design and Development: Comentum Ecommerce: CashCowCart