http://www.scrapbookwithlynda.com/terms-of-use/
Skip to Main Content
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
The following Terms and Conditions of Use are intended to outline Photography by Lynda, LLC’s policies for use of the Scrapbook with Lynda website and blog, as well as important disclosures and notices. By using this website and/or blog, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use.
All information and materials on the Scrapbook with Lynda website are owned and controlled by Photography by Lynda, LLC, a New York limited liability company, its affiliates or partners.  All copyright and intellectual property rights in our website and the content are expressly reserved.  You are prohibited from republishing, selling, licensing, distributing, or exploiting any content and materials on the website, including using our content or material on any other website or blog. This includes all photographs and the text that appears on the website and blog. The Photography by Lynda, LLC permits direct linking to its content if you give proper credit, meaning you list Scrapbook by Lynda as the source of the information and you put a link to the content.  Even if you give proper credit, you cannot copy content from Scrapbook by Lynda onto your site.
Photography by Lynda, LLC through it’s website Scrapbook with Lynda participates in affiliate programs established by other Business Partners. Photography by Lynda, LLC receives a commission when products are purchased through links on the Scrapbook with Lynda website and blog. We do not make any representations or warranties about the quality of any product, service, or information or other material purchased or obtained by you via use of this website, blog or our affiliate link partners.
www.ScrapbookWithLynda.com  contains links to other sites on the internet that are owned and operated by third parties, our affiliates, or Business Partners.  We do not regularly review or monitor sites linked to this website, and we are not responsible for the operation, availability, content, or accuracy of any pages or other sites linked from our website. Your linking to any other pages or sites is at your own risk. You agree that Scrapbook with Lynda and Photography by Lynda, LLC are not liable for any loss or damages you or any third party may suffer in connection with third parties’, affiliates’, or Business Partners’ webpages or websites or blogs.
Photography by Lynda, LLC does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any comments posted by other users or endorse any opinions expressed by users. You acknowledge that any reliance on comments posted by users of the Scrapbook with Lynda website or blog will be at your own risk. Photography by Lynda, LLC cannot screen comments left on the Scrapbook with Lynda website and blog in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring comments posted by users. Photography by Lynda, LLC reserves the right to remove any comments left on the Scrapbook with Lynda website or blog at any time for any reason. We reserve the right to expel users or restrict further access to the website in our sole discretion and judgment.
Photography by Lynda, LLC will not be liable to users and subscribers for any losses or claims arising out of their use of the Scrapbook with Lynda website or blog, including any loss or corruption of data, computer software or hardware.  If any issues, problems or claims arise out of a user’s or subscriber’s purchase of an online class or tutorial download, Photography by Lynda, LLC liability shall be limited to the purchase price of the online class, or tutorial.
Photography by Lynda, LLC maintains the privacy of our users and subscribers to the Scrapbook with Lynda website and blog to the fullest extent possible. Subscribing to our website is an optional and voluntary action. You many unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email communication.  Subscribers to our website may be asked to provide their name and email address. We recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of personal information collected from our subscribers. We will never share your personal identifying information or email address with any other company or entity, nor will we sell or rent your information to another company or entity. When you sign up to receive email notifications your email is used solely to inform you of new blog posts or other relevant information pertaining to this website and blog. We don’t use cookies or other methods of following your actions.  We don’t ever scrape data from elsewhere. If you have questions about our our privacy policy, please contact us using the form on our contact page. Please note that when you click on an affiliated link, you will leave the Scrapbook with Lynda website and be re-directed to a third-party website. In such circumstances, the Business Partner’s collection of information is governed by that Business Partner’s privacy policy.
All posts, videos, tutorials, and webpage content are based solely upon the author’s experiences and opinions. Photography by Lynda, LLC is committed to only using and promoting products endorsed and liked by the author on the Scrapbook with Lynda website and blog.  Photography by Lynda, LLC and author(s) of content on the Scrapbook with Lynda website and blog do not hold itself out as an expert on any product or processes, and users of this blog are encouraged to visit the manufacturer or retailer websites for more product detail and specifications.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes how Photography by Lynda, LLC and of its subsidiaries including, without limitation, Scrapbook with Lynda collect and use personal information about you. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.  Please take a moment to review the terms of our Privacy Policy.
For the purposes of this policy, “personal information“ means information that either identifies you on its face, or ties you to other information that, in combination, identifies you.  It is possible that third parties may be able to personally identify you by other means, including by associating facially anonymous information about your Internet activity with other records.
If you have questions about this policy or how we treat your personal information, you should contact me via the contact form.
Photography by Lynda, LLC reserves the right to update or modify the Privacy Policy, and Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice.  We encourage you to review this page every time you visit the Scrapbook with Lynda website or blog.
Personal Information We Collect
The only information we collect if your name and email address.  This is done when you fill out the “follow me by email” form on side panel or if you choose to create a user id via WordPress.  No other information of any kind is collected or stored.
How We Use Your Information
Your information is used to send you an email when a new blog post appears, newsletter or communications relevant to this website.
Public Forums
This site offers a publicly accessible blog.  You should be aware that any information you provide in the comments areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.  To request removal of a comment you made on the blog contact us via the contact form.
Information We Share
None.  We have never, and will never share your name or email address with a third party.
Subscribing and Unsubscribing
You can subscribe to receive emails when new blog posts are made, newsletters are sent or for other information related to this website.  You many unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of every email, or by sending an unsubscribe request via the contact form.
Third Party Websites
Our Services may provide links to websites operated by third parties for your convenience and information. All of these websites and applications operate independently from us, and we do not control their privacy practices. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party websites and applications that you use to better understand their privacy practices.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain reasonable security procedures to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the information you provide through our Services.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or stored on a server can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information.
Cookies and Tracking
None!  This site has never and will never use cookies or tracking to follow your behavior on the internet.
Updates to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date those terms will be effective.  It is your responsibility to check to determine if there have been changes to the Privacy Policy and to review such changes.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not directed to persons under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us via the contact details listed below. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like us to update information we have about you or your preferences, please contact us via the contact form.  Or you may email us directly at scrapbookwithlynda@gmail.com.  Our mailing address is Photography by Lynda, PO Box 308, Shokan, NY 12481.