http://www.make-upinternational.com/terms-conditions
Customer Menu
Your Account
Register
Wishlist
(0)
BASKET
0
£0.00
Your Account
Register
Shop By Category
FACE
Blushers
Concealers
Correctives
Enhancers
Foundation
Powders
EYES
Palettes
Singles
Trios
LIPS
Palettes
Singles
Trios
SPECIAL EFFECTS
Adhesives & Removers
Blood Effects
Mud Effects
Skin Effects
BRUSHES & ACCESSORIES
Accessories
Brushes
MAKE-UP KITS
College Kits
Make-Up Kits
Home
Terms & Conditions
SHOPPING GUIDE
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Privacy
Refunds
Terms
Terms & Conditions
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF BUSINESS1. This website is operated by Makeup International Ltd. Terms such as "we", "us" and "our" refer to Makeup International Ltd where they are used in these terms and conditions.2. By purchasing something from our ecommerce store, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in this document.3. Incorporated into these terms are also the terms and conditions as laid out in our privacy policy and refund policy.ONLINE SHOPPING4. We will take all reasonable care to ensure that the details displayed for a particular item offered for sale are correct at the time when the information was entered onto the system.5. Whilst care is taken to ensure that we display as accurately as possible appearances, colours, textures or finishes, what you will see on your computer monitor or equipment may differ and so we cannot guarantee that images are an accurate representation of the actual goods or services that you are purchasing.6. We may not be able to accept your order due to one or more of the following reasons, or for a reason not listed below:i) The item you have ordered is out of stockii) We cannot authorise your payment or have reasonable grounds to suspect your payment may be fraudulentiii) There has been a pricing or product description erroriv) There is a system or procurement failurev) You have failed our customer validation checks7. When you place an order you will receive an email confirming the details of your order. This email is not confirmation that your order has been accepted by us.8. Your order will only be accepted by us once your goods have been dispatched.DELIVERY9. On completing your purchase you will be presented with one or more options for delivery. Where an estimated timescale for delivery is provided, this is an estimate only and your items may be delayed in being received due to circumstances beyond our control (such as a courier delay, or at busy times).10. Where you select a "next day delivery" option, orders placed on Fridays, Saturdays or Sundays may not be despatched for delivery until the following Monday and so may not be received until Tuesday.ORDER CANCELLATION11. If you wish to cancel an order you have placed you must contact us immediately to ascertain whether the items have been dispatched or not. Where they have been dispatched, you will need to return the item to us and you will be responsible for paying the cost of returning the items.12. Where items have not been dispatched prior to a cancellation request our refund policy will apply.13. Where you have ordered a personalised, perishable or time critical item (such as food, newspapers, event tickets or e-vouchers) you may not be able to cancel for a full refund.LIABILITY AND INDEMNITY14. Makeup International Ltd shall not be liable for any direct, special, indirect or consequential or incidental damages including loss of profit or loss of opportunity as a result of the use of or the inability to use any items that have been ordered on this website.15. You agree to indemnify us and our agents, officers, directors and employees, immediately and on demand, against all claims, liability, damages, costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of any breach of any of our terms and conditions.JURISDICTION16. These terms and conditions shall be governed in accordance with the laws of England and are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales.ENTIRE AGREEMENT17. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and Makeup International Ltd whether written or oral.GENERAL18. We may change these terms and conditions at any time.19. Should any part-term or term be found to be unenforceable then the remainder of the terms and conditions shall continue to have full force and effect as if the invalidated term was not present.20. Should any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these terms and conditions arise where it is beyond our reasonable control, we will not be responsible to you for such delay or failure.For Professional Use OnlyCertain Makeup International special effect products are sold only on the understanding that they are to be used for the person intended by a qualified person. This means Makeup International will accept no responsibility if the products are incorrectly used and cause any kind of harm or damage.Makeup International therefore will reserve the right to refuse a customer if they are not seen as a qualified professional.Website Terms & ConditionsPlease read the following terms and conditions carefully as they govern the use of this website. All material contained within the Make-Up International website is covered by a disclaimer and protected by copyright laws.Access to this website (www.make-upinternational.com) is subject to the following conditions:1. CopyrightsExcept as expressly stated in this site, no part of this website, including information, images, logos, photos, and overall appearance of the site, may be copied, republished, broadcast or reproduced in any form whatsoever without the prior written permission of the copyright holders.2. Trademarks“Make-Up International” is a trademark. All other trademarks and logos used in this website are the trademarks or logos of their respective owners.3. Links to other websitesThis website contains links to other websites that are operated by third parties. Make-Up International does not accept any liability over the content of these third party sites. The existence of these links does not constitute an endorsement of such websites, and your linking to these sites is at your own risk.4. Content AccuracyWhilst all reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of content, no responsibility can be taken for any error or omission.5. Limitation of LiabilityMake-Up International do not guarantee that access to this website will be un-interrupted; that this website will be free from viruses or that this website cannot be tampered with by third parties. This website and the information are provided on an "as is" basis, with no warranties of any kind whatsoever, either express or implied, including, but not limited to, any warranties or any implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Use of this website and the information is entirely at the users sole risk. In no event will Make-Up International be liable for any damages whatsoever arising out of or related to this website. Your sole and exclusive remedy for dissatisfaction with this website and/or information is to stop using the site and the information.6. Modification of the Terms and ConditionsMake-Up International may modify the terms of this agreement on this site. You agree to periodically review this agreement to be aware of any such revisions. Should the revision be unacceptable to you, you agree to stop accessing this site. Your continued use of this website following any such revisions shall be deemed as acceptance of and agreement to abide by all such revisions.DISCLAIMERAll rights reservedUnauthorised use of pictures from this website constitutes a violation of copyright. No imagery or photographs can be used without permission from Make-Up International LtdINDEMNITYAny user of this site agrees to indemnity and hold Make-Up International harmless from any claim or demand, including solicitors fees, made by any third party due to, or arising out of use of any content on the website.