https://www.tabasco.com/privacy-policy/
Skip To Main Content
Privacy Policy
We know you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so sensibly. By visiting Tabasco.com, TabascoFoodService.com, TabascoIngredients.com or any other site owned by McIlhenny Company or its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) that links to this notice (collectively, the “Websites”), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you are a California resident, please be sure and review the section of this Policy that is addressed specifically to you.
WELCOME!
This notice is designed to answer frequently asked questions about your online privacy, including what personally identifiable information we may obtain from you and how we may use it. It describes our privacy policy for United States visitors. If you reside or are accessing the Website from outside the United States, please visit one of our international sites. From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Notice, so please check back periodically.
WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT VISITORS DO THE WEBSITES GATHER?
The information we learn from visitors helps us personalize and continually improve the Website and our services. Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features, such as coupons or promotions. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing your experience on the Websites, improving our services, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses the Websites or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of us on other websites.
Email Communications: To help us make emails more useful and interesting, we may receive a confirmation when you open email from us. We may also compare our visitor list to lists received from other companies. If you do not want to receive email from us, you may follow the link to “unsubscribe” in our emails.
Information from Other Sources: We may receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS AND HOW CAN YOU OPT-OUT?
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device. We may use cookies to personalize content and ads to make the Websites more relevant to you. We may also use an outside advertising partner to display banner advertisements on the Websites. As part of their service, they may place a separate cookie on your computer. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on’s settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer.
A web beacon is an object embedded in a webpage or email that allows us to confirm that you accessed our content. We may use web beacons or similar technologies to track and measure the effectiveness of our emails and targeted ads. If you would like to opt out of the collection and use of such information for ad targeting, including through third party service providers, such as Google, Facebook, and Twitter, you made do so using the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out tool, available here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
HOW DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE RECEIVE?
Information about our visitors is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We may share customer information as described below and with our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with affiliated businesses, including those with co-branded products and joint promotions, and we may share visitor information related to such offerings with such affiliated businesses, licensees, and promotion partners. In addition, we may send offers (such as coupons or promotions) to selected groups of our visitors on behalf of other businesses.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for products and services purchased on this Site; release your address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered; and provide order information to third parties that help us provide customer service. Other examples of how we may share your information with third-party service providers include sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. For example, if the Company, one of its subsidiaries, or substantially all of its or their assets are acquired, then customer information may be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of the Websites and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
WHAT ABOUT THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISERS AND LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES?
Other sites accessible through the Websites, including our advertising and service partners, have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
ARE CHILDREN ALLOWED TO USE THE WEBSITES?
The Websites are not designed for or targeted to use by children. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information on the Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18 years of age, do not use or provide any information on the Websites. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we may have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at the email address below.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, click here.
NOTICE TO EUROPEAN USERS
WE MAY REVISE OUR CONDITIONS OF USE AND LEGAL NOTICES, INCLUDING THIS PRIVACY NOTICE.
If you choose to visit the Websites, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Louisiana. If you have any concern about privacy at the Websites, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. As our business changes, our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may email notice of revisions to our notices and conditions, but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account, regardless of when the information was collected.
QUESTIONS?
You may contact us at WhatsCooking@TABASCO.com.
Search Recipes By...
Press Enter
See all
results
View Bloody Marys Recipe
Bloody Marys
Make them spicy and authentic.
View Game Day Eats Recipe
Game Day Eats
Score with winning food everyone loves!
View Mexican Classics Recipe
Mexican Classics
Recipes from south of the border full of flavor.
View Smithfield Pork Recipe
Smithfield Pork
Slow-smoked, hand-crafted pork dishes with a touch of TABASCO® Sauce.