http://www.watchesandbeyond.com/helpdesk.asp
WatchesAndBeyond.com
1-866-593-8525 / 1-845-573-9833
Brand Name Watches & Cufflinks
Savings of up to 75% on 100% Authentic watches
Live Chat by LivePerson
Special Requests
Help Desk
Privacy Policy
Bookmark This Page
Return Policy
GENDER
------------ All ------------
Ladies
Mens
STYLE
------------ All ------------
Mini
Full-Size
Presidential
Chronograph
Link
Dressy
Mesh
Rope-Chain
Strap
Diamonds
Stainless-Steel
Pocket-watch
Antique
PRICE RANGE
------------ All ------------
Up to $300
$300-$500
$500-$1000
$1000-$1500
$1500-$2500
$2500-$3000
$3000+
SHOP BY BRAND
Accessories
Accutron
Alpina
Audemars Piguet
Baume & Mercier
Bedat & Co.
Ben Sherman
Bulova
Chopard
Condor
Corum
Dewitt
Ebel
Edox
Fortis
Frederique Constant
Geneve
Glycine
Gucci
Hamilton
Hugo Boss
Ice-Watch
Juicy Couture
Lacoste
Longines
Lucien Piccard
Mido
Mondaine
Montblanc
Montegrappa
Omega
Oris
Patek Philippe
Paul Picot
Philip Stein
Porsche Design
Rado
Raymond Weil
Swarovski
Swarovski Jewelry
Swiss Army
Tag Heuer
ToyWatch
TW Steel
Ulysse Nardin
Valentino
Vintage / Antique
Welder
Wenger
Don't miss our
Weekly Specials
"Frequently Asked Questions"
Why should I
buy on the Internet?
Who's behind WatchesAndBeyond.com?
What kind of guarantee do you offer?
How do I cancel my Order?
What is your return policy?
How often does your inventory change?
How often does your inventory go on Sale?
I have a smaller/larger than usual wrist. Do you resize your
watches?
I like the face of one watch and the band of another. Can you
Mix-N-Match?
How does WatchesAndBeyond’s Wish List and Gift Calendar
Reminder Service work?
Is my transaction secure?
How do I know you received my order?
What is WatchesAndBeyond's privacy policy?
What forms of payment do you accept?
Can I have an appraisal for Insurance purposes?
What is your shipping policy?
Can you ship Internationally?
Can I order by phone without going through Checkout on your web
site?
Why should I buy on the Internet?
Shopping at WatchesAndBeyond saves you time and money. In
minutes, you can look at a wide selection of fine jewelry, ask
questions and complete your purchase without leaving your
computer.
back to top
Who’s behind WatchesAndBeyond.com?
WatchesAndBeyond.com was created with over a decade of
experience in the Watch & Jewelry business, to offer you an
innovative way to shop for the fine Watches & Jewelry you are
looking for, from the convenience of your home or office, over
the Internet, at affordable prices. Being a strictly Internet
business, we are able to eliminate much of the cost associated
with a Retail Jewelry store, and pass along the savings to our
customers.
back to top
What kind of guarantee do you offer?
An unconditional 15-day money-back guarantee. If, at any time
during that period, you are not completely satisfied, return your
purchase for a full refund excluding the original shipping
expenses, or exchange! NO QUESTIONS ASKED!
back to top
How do I cancel my Order?
If you'd like to cancel or change your WatchesAndBeyond order
for any reason, please e-mail us at cancel@WatchesAndBeyond.com
and make sure to include your Watchesandbeyond order number or
call 845-573-9833, as soon as possible. We'll do everything we
can to accommodate your request. Please bear in mind that our
order-fulfillment system is designed to get orders shipped and on
their way to our customers quickly and efficiently. As a result,
we cannot change or cancel an order once it has already entered
the shipping process.
If your order cannot be canceled, and after you receive it, you
are unhappy with it, simply return it to WatchesAndBeyond,
according to our 15 day money back return policy.
WatchesAndBeyond reserves the right to cancel any order that
appears suspect or fraudulent. All fraudulent transactions will
be reported to proper authorities.
back to top
What is your return policy?
WatchesAndBeyond.com will gladly exchange or refund any unworn
and undamaged item with all original packaging materials. All
returns must be returned to WatchesAndBeyond within 15 days of
receipt of the original purchase. Please click here for more
information on our Return Policy.
back to top
How often does your inventory change?
Certain classic watches never go out of style. Gold & Diamond
watches represent timeless beauty. You will always find them on
display. At the same time, we are always on the look out for the
latest and hottest designs. We offer them to you as soon as they
become available.
back to top
How often does your inventory go on Sale?
On top of our already discounted prices of 50-70% off the
suggested retail price. We are constantly offering “Weekly
Specials”. Please visit us often, so you don’t miss out on our
great promotional deals. You can also add any item of interest to
you to your “Wish List”, and we will email you whenever we are
offering this item at a special price. Please click here to read
more on how our “Wish List” function works.
back to top
I have a smaller/larger then usual wrist. Do you resize your
watches?
Yes. Most of our watches can be resized. All we need from you
is your “exact” wrist size and we will size the watch
accordingly. During checkout, you will have the opportunity to
enter any Comments or Special Instructions for your order.
There is no charge for shortening a watch. If the watch needs
to be lengthened, the cost will depend on the type of band and by
how much it needs to be lengthened. You will be receiving and
email with the alteration charges before we do it.
back to top
I like the face of one watch and the band of another. Can you
Mix-N-Match?
Yes. We can Mix-N-Match most of our Geneve and Condor watches.
Please email us for order and pricing information.
back to top
How does WatchesAndBeyond’s Wish List and Gift Calendar
Reminder Service work?
First, browse our site at your leisure. When you find any item
that interests you, simply click on the "Add to My Wish List"
button below the pictures of the item. After your Wish List is
complete, click on any of the links to view your wish list (there
is one on the left side of the home page).
In the Wish List section, you can enter you email address and a
list of dates when you would like us to send you an email
reminding you of your wish list.
This way, when you see something you would like to consider
buying, for a Birthday or Holiday Gift for a friend or loved one,
you can just add it to your wish list, and we will send you an
email reminder, when that special date comes around.
If you like, you can also make your Wish List public, and enter
a list of emails and dates to notify people of your wish list.
A hotlink in the email takes you directly to WatchesAndBeyond’s
site, where you can see your Wish List items, make the purchase
or browse our web site some more before your final decision. If
you need advice, you can always Ask The Guru and receive answers
by email, or call WatchesAndBeyond at 845-573-9833.
In addition, if any of the items on your wish list go on sale,
we will also send you an email to let you know, you can get the
item you wish at a reduced price.
back to top
Is my transaction is secure?
Your security and safe shopping environment is our primary
concern. When you make a credit card purchase at
www.WatchesAndBeyond.com, we use the most advanced privacy
programs to assure your data is protected. WatchesAndBeyond is
registered with Verisign, the leading provider of digital
authentication services and products for electronic commerce and
other forms of secure communications. Our servers use a Secure
Socket Layer (SSL) to connect with you. This protocol will
encrypt your personal information guarding it from interception
and misuse.
back to top
How do I know you received my order?
After you click Confirm Order, you should receive a
confirmation number. If you do not get a confirmation number, you
should see a message at the top of the order form indicating why
the order could not be processed. Correct the problem and click
Confirm Order again to send the revised information. If you still
have problems, please contact us directly so that we can help you
complete the order. You will also be receiving an Order
Confirmation email. Please contact us if you did not receive the
Order confirmation email.
back to top
What is WatchesAndBeyond’s privacy policy?
At WatchesAndBeyond.com, we are committed to protecting your
privacy. Personal customer information is confidential and will
not be disclosed to any third parties. We do not sell, trade, or
rent your personal information to others. The only use of the
information we collect about you is to process your order and to
provide a more personalized shopping experience.
WatchesAndBeyond.com does not sell mailing lists and will not
disclose your name, e-mail address, or any other information
about you to any third parties.
back to top
What forms of payment do you accept?
We accept Paypal, Google Checkout and direct VISA, Mastercard, Discover & American Express
credit cards payments. Payment can also be made via Money Orders, Checks or Wire
Transfers. However they must be payable in US dollars and Checks
must also be drawn on a US bank.
back to top
Can
I have an appraisal for Insurance purposes?
Yes! For items over $1,200.00, upon your request, we will sent
you an appraisal at no additional cost. For item of $1,200.00 or
less, the cost of an appraisal is $20.00.
back to top
What is your shipping Policy?
All orders for items that are in stock are usually shipped
within 2 business days of collection of payment. In the event an
item is out of stock the customer will be notified via e-mail as
to the estimated time of delivery. No charges will be made to
credit cards and no checks will be deposited unless the customer
agrees to the delay and the item is in stock and ready to be
shipped. We guarantee that items will be shipped within 2
business days of collection of payment.
Once an order has been shipped, an e-mail will be sent to the
customer containing the shipment information (Carrier, and
tracking #, if any). All packages will usually be shipped via
UPS. However, in some cases we might use other carriers like
FedEx or US Mail. All packages require an adult signature and
delivery cannot be made to P.O. Boxes.
Following are the Shipping, Handling & Insurance charges for Domestic Orders:
Ground - Free
2nd day - $15.00
Next Day - $25.00
Shipping & Insurace charges for International Orders depend on your location and
the value of the order.
When adding an item to the shopping cart the system will
show all shipping rates.
All items are always insured for their full value until delivery to your location.
Please note:
In the rare event of an item being lost or damaged during transit,
we will do our utmost to file a claim and recuperate any losses.
However, if for
any reason whatsoever the Shipping Courier or Insurer denies the claim, we will not
be held responsible.
back to top
Can you ship Internationally?
WatchesAndBeyond will ship your package almost anywhere in the
world through Fedex. Rates and times vary according to the
country of destination, and you will be responsible for any
customs or duties imposed. Please note that WatchesAndBeyond
reserves the right to refuse international shipping as per our
discretion. In the likelihood that we are unable to ship to your
country, we will notify you immediately).
All
International Buyes:
PLEASE
READ THE FOLLOWING BEFORE PURCHASIG!
We are not be
responsible for any additional costs, such as customs, import duties, VAT,
or any other taxes incurred by your local Government.  Customs policies
vary  from country to country, we urge you to contact your local
Customs Agency with any questions.
All International sales
are final!!!
back to top
Can I order by phone without going through Checkout on your web
site?
Yes! You can order by phone if you prefer. Just call 845-573-9833 between 9 am and 7 pm EST Sunday-Friday and we'll be
happy to take your order.
Follow Us
Guarantee
Money-Back
Guarantee
Our Security Pledge
100%
Secure Site
Shipping
Shipping
Policy
Layaway
Layaway
Option Details
Watches and
Beyond Home :
Watches :
Cufflinks :
About Us :
"Watches 101" :
Help Desk :
Return Policy
©Copyright 2000-2020
Watches & Beyond
1-866-593-8525
info@watchesandbeyond.com