https://www.jpophelp.com/scripts/newsite/help2.asp#16
ContactHelpShipping
Friday, December 11, 2020
0 items
Home
Music
Japanese Pop
JPOP CD
VISUAL KEI ROCK CD
Pop / Rock
POP CD
ROCK CD
WORLD CD
EASY LISTENING CD
DANCE CD
ENKA CD
Soundtracks
SOUNDTRACK CD
GAME MUSIC CD
Classical
CLASSICAL ALL FORMATS
CLASSICAL SHM CD
CLASSICAL SA CD
CLASSICAL BluSPEC CD
CLASSICAL HQCD
CLASSICAL XRCD
Jazz
JAZZ ALL FORMATS
JAZZ SHM CD
JAZZ SACD
JAZZ BluSPEC CD
JAZZ HQCD
ANIME CD
SEIYUU CD
Classical
CLASSICAL ALL FORMATS
CLASSICAL SHM CD
CLASSICAL SA CD
CLASSICAL BluSPEC CD
CLASSICAL HQCD
CLASSICAL XRCD
CLASSICAL DVD
Videos
Music Related
JPOP DVD
VISUAL KEI DVD
CLASSICAL DVD
POP DVD
ROCK DVD
WORLD DVD
JAZZ DVD
DANCE DVD
EASY LISTENING DVD
SEIYUU DVD
Movies
WESTERN MOVIES DVD
JAPANESE MOVIES DVD
JAPANESE SCIENCE FICTION DVD
Sports DVD
ANIME DVD
Magazines
Jpop
ARENA 37c
ORICON STYLE
NEWS MAKER
Visual Kei
SHOXX
FOOL'S MATE
ARENA37C
CURE
NEO GENESIS
GIGS
Fashion
GOTHIC AND LOLITA BIBLE MOOK
KERA
WOOFIN'
Anime
ANIMAGE
ANIMEDIA
MEGAMI
DENGEKI G'S
RED CHAMPION
Arena37c
Shoxx
Fool's Mate
all
Artist
Title
Product ID
all
CD
DVD
Exact Match?
Advanced Search
How To Order
Associate
Newsletters
Classical Diva
Top
Questions
How Do I Place an Order with JPOPhelp.com?
Is Shopping at JPOPhelp.com secure? Is my
credit card information safe?
When Will I be Billed for My order?
What Payment Options Do you Have Available?
Paying by Money Order or Cash! What Do I need to know?
Paying by Western Union Money Transfer
New
What currency are the prices on your site?
FREE shipping Offer! What are the terms?
How do I contact your company?
Products
FAQs
What format are the DVD's on our site? Can
I play them on my North American player?
How can I play a Region 2 disc on my North
American DVD player?
Do you have a printed catalogue?
Troubleshooting Guide for Ordering
Return & Refund Policy
What can I do if I have found defective
or damaged products in my order?
Where do I send products that need to be
returned?
How will you process my refund?
Product Fulfillment
How long till I receive my goods?
Shipping Options and Speeds
My order is taking a long time to arrive.
What to do in case of delay?
The Item I want is on Backoder. What does
that mean?
The item I want is Out of Print. What does
that mean?
The item I want is on Pre Order. What does
that mean?
How will my order be packaged? Is my privacy secured?
Customs / Import Duties
Back to JPOPhelp Home Page
Is Shopping at JPOPhelp.com secure? Is my credit card information safe?
JPOPhelp.com is committed to protecting your privacy.
Is My Credit Card Information Secure?
We appreciate the concern that many of our customers have regarding the security
of online credit card transactions. You can be sure that JPOPhelp.com takes all
necessary security measures to protect your credit card information, and DOES NOT
release information to any outside organizations. In addition, we use the SSL technology
to encrypt the information you send us throughout our Shopping Cart and Checkout
process, so that it cannot be read in transit. When you input your information,
you may notice that an unbroken key (if you are using Netscape Navigator 3.0 or
earlier), or a locked padlock (if you are using Netscape Communicator 4.0 or later,
or Microsoft Internet Explorer) appears at the left bottom of your browser.
What information we collect and how we use it
When you visit our website, JPOPhelp.com collects your IP address, which we
use to improve our products and services as well as to help us administer our website
and diagnose technical problems. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic
information that does not personally identify you. To receive our website's newsletters
and/or periodic email notifications with special offers, you only need to leave
your email address with us.
How we protect your information
To protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information
under our control we have implemented security measures at this website.
When you place orders or access your account information, a secure server is
employed.
All information you input is encrypted by the secure server layer (SSL) before
it is sent to us and all the customer data we collect is similarly protected against
unauthorized access.
JPOPhelp.com will not share your personal information with third parties unless
you have consented to the disclosure or the disclosure is necessary to:
(1) Comply with the law or with legal process, or with requests
from law enforcement authorities;
(2) Protect and defend our rights and property;
(3) Protect our customers or users from misuse or unauthorized
use of the JPOPhelp.com website; or
(4
) Protect the personal safety or property of our customers or the public.
JPophelp.com is an incorporated company operating since 1996. Since our inception
we have always employed the highest standard of security measures to protect your
data, which has resulted in 0% data theft.
Back to top
When will I be billed for my order?
We guarantee that your credit card will not be billed until your order is shipped
out
Q:
Will I be refunded if you cannot provide me with the ordered items?
We will arrange to bill your credit card account only after your order has been
shipped. When we are not able to provide you with the ordered items, the captioned
items are not shipped and thus, they will not be charged and no refund is required.
Back to top
What payment options do you have available?
JPOPhelp.com offers a wide range of payment options to customers to assist in your
shopping experience with us. We accept:
VISA Card
MasterCard
Money Order
Cash (EURO, USD & Canadian funds)
Western Union Money Transfer
You should be able to find a convenient payment option that suits you most.
Back to top
Paying by Money Order or Cash. What do I need to know!
JPOPhelp.com welcomes Money Order or Cash payments.
Payment must be mailed to our office in Canada. Our mailing address is:
JPOPHELP Music and Books Inc.
#322 - 32850 George Fergurson Way
Abbotsford, BC V2S 7K1
Canada
Payment should be made in a well-concealed envelope so that the contents of the envelope are not visible on the out-side.
Important Disclaimer
If a item is marked as being on "back-order" status, it will be processed only once payment is received. Payment must be received within 10 days of the order date or JPOPHELP.com reserves the right to cancel your order. In the event that items ordered are "out-of-print" or obtainable, an EXCHANGE only policy will be in-effect. JPOPHELP.com will notify the customer within 4 weeks of their order date to inform if their product is out-of-print or still pending. The customer may choose to either continue waiting for their order to arrive, or order a replacement item(s) of equal value for no additional cost. In the event that Jpophelp.com does not receive a response from the customer within 120 days of their original order date, then the customer's order will be cancelled and no refund or exchange will be issued.
Back to top
Paying by Western Union Money Transfer
JPOPhelp.com now accepts Western Union Payments
We've added a new payment option! Consumers have looked to Western Union® to help them stay connected to loved ones around the world for more than 150 years. Western Union is a global leader in money transfer services, offering the ability to send money to more than 245,000 Western Union Agent locations in over 200 countries and territories. Count on Western Union to transfer money, send bill payments, and purchase money orders and prepaid services.
Sending payment is simple! Go to a Western Union branch in your city and provide the teller with the following information. You can then initiate a transfer of funds using Cash, Debit Card or Credit Card! Please note that Western Union charges a service fee!
Name: Siegfried Bernath
City: Surrey
Province: BC
Zip Code: V3R 6X9
Country: Canada
Once you have sent payment, Western Union will provide you with a "Money Control" number. Keep this number in a safe place and send it to our customer support staff at: jpophelp@jpophelp.com, and quote your order number. We will then receive payment and ship your order.
It's That Simple!
Back to top
PAYPAL
January 1st, 2009 - JPOPhelp.com accepts PAYPAL
What is PAYPAL?
PayPal is an account-based system that lets anyone with an email address securely send and receive online payments using their credit card or bank account.
How can I start using PayPal to pay for JPOPHELP.com orders?
You will need to first open an account with PayPal. PayPal accept payment in either money transfer or credit card payment.
How Do I Pay Using Paypal?
To make a payment through PayPal Select the "PayPal" payment option during checkout. To do so:
Scroll down to the Payment Type section on the Order Review page
Scroll through the Payment Type selections
Select the PayPal option
Review your order details
Click the Confirm Order button
Review Your order again and select the Finalize Order button
On the next page their will be a PAYPAL button! Click it to start sending payment
The ordering process is now complete - the order number should now be shown on your screen.
I've paid through Paypal! When do I receive my package?
If you selected PAYPAL as your payment method, you will be expected to send payment within 7 business days, otherwise your order will not be processed. If you order contains an"in-stock" item, it will normally be shipped within 48 hours. If you order contains an item listed as being on
"back-order", your entire order will be shipped when all items are in-stock. As back-ordered items are sourced from our distributors in Japan and may take up to 12 weeks depending on availability. Under normal circumstances most backordered items ship within 2 to 3 weeks. Any questions about product availability should be directed to our customer support staff prior to sending payment.
Paypal Refunds
In the event that JPOPHELP.com is not able to fulfill your order, after 45 days from receipt of your payment we will glady issue a full credit towards the purchase of other titles. This credit will be valid for up to 6 months from your original order date. Requests for money refunds by Paypal will only be permitted PRIOR to 45 days from the date of your original order. Refund requests must be made through our support staff at: orders@jpophelp.com. We will process your refund request within 10 business days, provided your order is not possible for us to obtain through our regular channels.
Back to top
What currency are the prices on your site?
All prices on our site are listed in USD dollars.
Back to top
FREE shipping offer! What are the terms?
Simple!
To enjoy FREE shipping within the USA, simply order any 5 or more CD or DVD's.
Proceed to the checkout page and we'll deduct the shipping fees right on
the spot. Customers in Canada and Overseas receive special shipping discounts for
ordering 5 or more items.
Regular AIRMAIL shipping is only $2.50 within Canada and USA when 2 or more
items are purchased.
Back to top
What format are the DVD's on our site? Can I play them on my North American
player?
Most DVD titles available at JPOPHELP are encoded for Region 2.
Exceptions to this are the IDOL and JUNIOR IDOL DVD's sold on our site. Many of
these will play in any dvd players. There are many DVD's titles that are playable
in all regions. Such titles are indicated as "Region Code: ALL" under "Edition Details"
in item pages. If the indication is missing, then it must be assumed that the title
is encoded for Region 2. *Please note that opened items are not eligible for returns,
unless there is a manufacturer defect. So please make sure that your DVD player
can play region 2 DVDs before completing your order Please make sure your DVD player
is compatible with region-2 discs before finalizing your order. Also make sure that
your TV is NTSC-compatible. First, all DVD's sold on our site are NTSC compatiable.
What are the regional encoding standards?
The "6" regions are as follows:
Region 1: US and Canada
Region 2: Japan, Europe, South Africa, and the Middle East (including Egypt)
Region 3: Southeast Asia and East Asia (including Hong Kong)
Region 4: Australia, New Zealand, Pacific Islands, Central America, Mexico, South
America, and the Caribbean
Region 5: Eastern Europe (Former Soviet Union), Indian Subcontinent, Africa, North
Korea, and Mongolia
Region 6: China
Back to top
How can I play a Region 2 disc on my North American DVD player?
JPOphelp.com offers DVD copying services
To have your favorite videos made REGION FREE, please add the DVD you want to purchase,
plus enter the product code
DVD-01 to your shopping cart. We'll do the rest. It normally takes 1 to
3 business days for our support staff to make duplicates of a particular DVD.
Back to top
How To Place an Order with JPOPhelp.com
We want to make your
shopping experience at JPOPhelp.com as easy as possible.
Here's a quick step-by-step guide to purchasing JPOPHelp Music and Books products
from www.jpophelp.com:
1. Once you've found the JPOPHelp Music and Books products that you want,
click the ORDER NOW button close to each product. This will enter the item into
your shopping cart. If at any time you would like to check out then click the "Shopping
Cart" link in the top menu of each page to display the contents of your shopping
cart. In order to place items in your cart please be sure you have COOKIES enabled.
2. Check the items in your cart, then click the GO TO SHIPPING OPTIONS button.
3. The Shipping Options page requires two steps. First, select your shipping
destination. This is done to establish the cost of shipping your order. Select your
shipping destination, then click SEE METHODS.
4. On the right side of the screen, select your shipping method. Once you
have done so, click SEE ORDER TOTAL.
5. Your Order Total Page will appear. It will show you the cost (in US dollars),
including, shipping and appropriate taxes. Please note: Steps 5 - 8 do not apply
to International destinations.
6. Enter the appropriate customer information. Be sure to fill in all the
fields, then click CONFIRM ORDER. Information on this page, including credit card
and personal information, is passed via secure server and can only be viewed by
JPOPHelp Music and Books.
7. You will then be asked to confirm your order. Once you have done so, click
FINALIZE ORDER.
8. You will then see your order number, billing information and products
that you ordered. Print a copy of this statement page. You will receive an e-mail
to confirm your order and to thank you for shopping at JPOPHelp Music and Books.
Back to top
Do you have a printed catalogue?
We do not issue a printed catalogue. You can browse all available products online
at JPOPhelp.com.
Our company currently has over 195,000 products available in the JPOP, Visual, Anime,
Movies, and IDOL category. We are constantly updating our database with new releases
while removing out-of-print titles, making it impractical to offer a catalogue.
Please be advised that many items go out-of-print quickly, and product availability
may differ slightly than what is posted on our site. We endevour to provide accurate
upates. Please email us at jpophelp@jpophelp.com
if you questions about a specific product.
Back to top
Is there any retail store for JPOPhelp.com?
No. We decided to close our retail store in 2004 in order to focus on online sales
and on wholesale. You can still order from our extensive catalogue online with 1-2
day shipping within the Lower Mainland!
If you need to contact us about your order, our telephone number is:
Tel: 1-778-880-4040
Mon-Fri 10:00am - 6:00pm PST (Pacific Standard Time)
Back to top
How Do I Contact Your Company?
Please note that as of November, 2012 our company has moved its office location. Our main office is located in Surrey, British Columbia.
Our mailing address is:
JPOPHELP MUSIC AND BOOKS INC.
#322 - 32850 George Fergurson Way
Abbotsford, BC V2S 7K1
Canada
Our secondary office is located in Blaine, WA. We have been serving Canada, USA
and the rest of the world with their Japanese music needs since 1996.
At JPOPhelp.com we'd love to hear from you. We are a customer focussed company that is 9 years young. Our preferred method of communication is email, and normally we can respond to emails within 24 hours. For general inquires, please contact us jpophelp@jpophelp.com
If you prefer to talk to someone in person, you can reach us at
1-604-496-4040
Or, if you prefer you can FAX your order to our customer support staff. Our fax line is:
1-604-496-4041
Our customer support staff would be pleased to answer any questions regarding your order, or product requests. If you have suggestions on how we could improve our service to you, please contact us immediately.
Back to top
US Shipping Options
JPOPhelp.com offers different shipping options to our customers, all of which are
efficient and reliable. We offer three different shipping options,
namely "Media Mail", "First Class Airmail', and "Priority" mail. Most CD's and DVD's, regardless
of weight, are shipped either by Airmail or Priority mail, using USPS. Magazine
orders are normally shipped by Priority Mail unless otherwise specified.
Estimated Arrival Times Once Order has been Shipped:
First Class Parcel (Airmail) - 3 to 6 business days
Priority Mail -
2 to 4 business days
Back to top
Canada Shipping Options
We are currently offering two different shipping options namely "Airmail" and "Priority".
Estimated Arrival Times Once Order has been Shipped:
Airmail - 2 to 5 business days
Priority Mail - 1 to 3 business days
All packages with an end destination in Canada, ship via Canada Post from our Surrey,
BC head-office. Canadian offers are subject to applicable GST and PST.
Back to top
International Shipping Options
We are currently offering three different shipping options, namely "Airmail",
"Priority Mail", and "EMS Express".
Estimated Arrival Times Once Order has been Shipped:
Airmail - 6 to 14 business days
Priority mail - 4 to 10 business days
Global Express (EMS) - 2 to 5 business days
Back to top
How will my order be packaged and shipped? Will my privacy be ensured?
Your privacy and security are top priorities for us. All our packages are shipped
in brown bubble wrap packaging material that does not allow the content to be visible
through it. On the shipping label our company address is displayed as "JPOPhelp
Music and Books". In the event we ship items overseas, on the customs label we mark
the package as either a "DVD or CD", with the country of origin. In the event that
5 or more items are ordered, or those of a more delicate nature we double wrap the
items in bubble wrap and ship the item in a USPS box.
If you are ordering Junior IDOL or Adult IDOL DVD's or magazines and need more details
on the shipping process of these items, please visit our FAQ:
Junior IDOL FAQ
Back to top
VAT/Import Duties
Orders going to Canada or the United States are not subject to duties.
If you are receiving your order outside of Canada or the United States, you may
be subject to VAT/import duties, which may be levied once the package reaches the
country. If that happens, additional charges for customs clearance must be borne
by you or the recipient of the order. To find out what these charges might be, please
contact the customs office of the country in which the order is to be received.
Back to top
What can I do if I have found defective or damaged products in my order?
We offer a 30 day money back return policy on unopened CDs and Videos except for
Japanese imports that were on backorder. If you discover that a CD isn't what you
expected, you can mail it back to us (at your cost) for a full refund. Always use
the regular postal service to return things and mark the customs slip as a gift
with a value of $7 per item.
If you receive an item that is damaged or defective, please email us within 14 days
of delivery with your order number and a description of the condition of the damaged
or defective item. Please note that unauthorized returns may be refused or disregarded.
Why Can't I Return Opened CDs?
Once a CD is opened it is "used" and we can no longer resell it. In some cases we
may be willing to purchase the CD back from you for a partial credit. If you would
like to persue this option then please write a message to orders@jpophelp.com, providing
details on which CDs you would like to sell and the order number of your original
purchase if possible.
Back to top
Where do I send products that need to be returned?
Please obtain the authorization number (RMA) for the return and return your item(s),
with the RMA number clearly marked on the return package, to the following listed
address:
JPOPHELP MUSIC AND BOOKS INC.
(Attn.: Customer Service Department)
14931 - 107A Ave, Apt #7
Surrey, BC V3R 1V3
Canada
(RMA: 1234-0000000)*
*Please write down the RMA number on the return package.
Unauthorized returns, which may include returns not bearing the relevant RMA number,
may be refused or disregarded.
Back to top
How will you process my refund?
You can choose to either have your refund made back to your credit card, have a
check sent to you, or have credit at our store. Items returned that are not defective
may be subjected to a 15% restocking fee.
Back to top
How long till my order is shipped to me?
Shipping time depends on a number of factors:
Is the item listed as in-stock
Is the item on backorder
Is the item a pre-order
Does my order contain both in-stock and backordered items
Please note that availabilities shown on our website are based on the
information we retrieve directly from the distributors except for the items that
are in our stock. While they are updated everyday, we occasionally encounter unexpected
delays. Whenever we do we send an e-mail to let you know about the delay. Sometimes,
items unexpectedly become unobtainable, and we also let you know by e-mail in such
cases. Whenever we are updated by the distributors, we generate and send e-mails
to let customers know as soon as possible. To make it possible to generate the e-mails
as soon as possible, the process is mostly automated, and no explanation or reason
for delay or cancellation will be provided. If you a specific question about your
order status, please email us directly at: jpophelp@jpophelp.com
If your item is on backorder, it will need to be obtained from our distributor in
Japan before it is ready to ship to you.
We try our very best to provide an accurate estimate of the "total shipping time"
required to get your products delivered to your hands. Total transit time depends
on a number of factors, including stock availability by our suppliers or the publisher,
as well as time needed for items to be shipped to our warehouse in North America.
Due to the thousands of items released in Japan each month, it is impossible for
us to stock all titles in our warehouse. If your desired item is listed as a ¡°backorder¡±,
we will do our very best to obtain it for you. We deal with a variety of distributors,
making JPOPhelp.com an ideal source for tracking down your favorite Japanese media.
Backordered CD's and DVD's from JAPAN generally take 2 to 4 weeks before they are
received by our company. Magazines can take up to 6 weeks.
Once your item has been received our customer support staff will notify you and
expedite your order to you.
Should a BACK ORDERED item be out of print we will remove that item from your order
and ship the remaining products. If you have ordered enough products to qualify
for free shipping you will still receive free shipping even if some of the products
are not available.
Back to top
The Item I want is on Backoder. What does that mean?
BACK ORDER items are products that are not in-stock but can most likely still be
ordered. It usually takes 2 - 4 weeks for us to obtain a CD or DVD that is on BACK
ORDER, and 3 - 6 weeks to obtain a magazine. In some rare cases, it may take up
to 10 weeks to obtain a particular item depending on stock availability by the publisher
and our distributors. Should a BACK ORDERED item be out of print we will remove
that item from your order and ship the remaining products. If you have ordered enough
products to qualify for free shipping you will still receive free shipping even
if some of the products are not available. We will not charge your credit card until
the product is in stock and we can process your order.
Back to top
My order is taking a long time to arrive. What to do in case of delay?
An order enters the shipping process once all items in it have come in. In case
of delays, you can either continue to wait for the delayed items to come in, cancel
the delayed items, or have the delayed items shipped separately.
The delay may be due to customs delays, low quantity delays, or possibly the
product is out-of-print.
If you wish to cancel the item, please let us know by contacting us at
jpophelp@jpophelp.com
Please note that we can not always cancel items after they have been processed,
as once our supplier has shipped them they are non-returnable.
When splitting an order, there will be a separate shipping charge as if the
order was placed separately. You can have an item shipped separately by emailing
us and requesting to have your order "split".
Back to top
The item I want is on Pre Order. What does that mean?
PRE ORDER items are new products that are soon-to-be available. To ensure that you'll
be among the first to receive these products, we take pre orders through our online
store. JPOPHelp Music and Books processes pre orders as soon as the new products
are available. We will not charge your credit card until the product is available
and we can process your order.
If one item you want is IN STOCK and another item you want is on PRE ORDER, we suggest
that you place two separate orders. If you do not, we will place the IN STOCK items
on hold for you until all of the products are available and then ship them all at
once to you.
Back to top
Customs / Import Duties
International customers are considered importers and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which the orders are received. You may be subject to import duties and taxes, which may be levied once the package reaches your country. If that happens, additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you. We cannot predict or control what these charges may be, as they vary widely from country to country. Please contact your local customs office for further information. Also, we are required to show the accurate value of the items directly on the package.
Clearance Fee
In some countries, couriers may charge clearance fees independently from the customs duty for processing the packages through the customs. For more information on what these fees might be, please contact the post office of the country in which you are receiving your order.
SPECIAL NOTE:
JPOPHelp.com has offices in Canada and the States. Due to this our customers do not occur customs or clearance fees on any CD, DVD, or Magazine purchase from us! Just one of the many benefits to purchase with us :)
Back to top
The item I want is Out of Print. What does that mean?
Sorry, you're out of luck. Items marked as OUT OF PRINT are no longer in stock and
have been discontinued. Sold out items can not be restocked by JPOPHelp Music and
Books.
Back to top
Troubleshooting Guide for Ordering
Shopping Cart Troubles?
If you are not able to add items to your shopping cart, or if items disappear from
your shopping cart as you proceed with your order, please check the following:
Make sure your browser accepts cookies. In order for your browser to remember what
items have been added to the shopping cart, it needs to accept cookies. If you are
using Microsoft Internet Explorer, the settings on cookies can be changed in "Internet
Options" located under "Tool" in the menu. As for Netscape, it can
be changed in "Preferences" located under "Edit." The way to
change the settings for cookies varies depending on the browser. Please refer to
the help menu of your browser for detailed information on how to make it accept
cookies.
Does your PC have a program that limits, screens out, or suppresses cookies? Programs
are available that allow you to control the security levels while surfing the Internet,
and they may be interfering with your shopping. Please check to see if there is
such a program installed on your computer.
Some users of Safari, AOL browser, and other browsers sometimes encounter problems
while trying to shop at JPOPhelp.com . If possible, please try again with either Microsoft
Internet Explorer or Netscape.
2020 Jpophelp.com | Store Info | Privacy Policy