https://www.hillsidecd.co.uk/privacy/
Find a title
Social Media
Facebook
Your Security
All our order forms (including where you type your credit card number) operate in secure mode. This means that your browser encrypts what you type and our server decodes it. Anyone intercepting the data en route can make no sense of it. This technology, the “Secure Socket Layer” or SSL, works; every trustworthy trading Web site uses it. You can tell when you are in secure mode as a little locked padlock appears on the bottom of the screen.
As a further security measure we do not store credit card numbers on our online web servers.
Your Privacy
We regard maintaining the privacy of our customers and have therefore established the Privacy Policy set out below. Our Privacy Policy describes why we gather customer information, the information we collect, how we collect it and what we use the information for. We also describe how you can ensure we have correct information, how you can contact us on privacy issues and our policy on promotional mailings.
Why we gather information
From the day we established our web site we have has continuously striven to provide our customers with quality goods and excellent customer service. We collect personal information to allow us to process your orders, to develop a quality and more personal shopping experience and, if you so wish, to inform you of special offers and discounts.
The information we collect & how we collect it
When you order from our Web site, we collect the following information: your name, telephone number, email address, billing information (credit card numbers, expiry date and statement address), product(s) purchased, and the recipient’s name, address and telephone number. Information you enter is collected even if you cancel or do not complete an order.
All information about individuals is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
IP Addresses
In addition to the information above if, and only if, you place an order we record the IP address of your computer. All computers, when connected to the Internet, have a unique IP address. We make no routine use of this information. It is collected for the sole purpose of assisting in the investigation of credit card fraud.
Confidentiality
We will never pass any of your personal details (for example your email address) to any other business or individual without your prior consent.
How we use the information we collect about you
We use the information we collect from you to process your orders. We use information collected to help us enhance and personalise the shopping experience at our web site. We also use aggregated information to help us improve our web site and market our services.
Receiving promotional material from us is YOUR decision
We will never send you promotional material if you do not want us to.
How we use “cookies”
We use a non-persistent cookie (not written to your disk) containing only a session ID to link you to your shopping basket.
Your consent and changes to this policy
By completing order and other forms on our Web site you consent to our collection and use of information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may in the future change our Privacy Policy and we will post the latest version on this web site. If you would like notice of any future change to our Privacy Policy or Terms of Business then please email us at privacy@hillside-cd.co.uk using the email address to which you would like notices sent.
Links
Please be aware that when you click on a link and/or advertisement that takes you to a third-party Web site, you will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy, not ours. While we encourage fair trading and the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of use whenever interacting with a Web site, and to do so before providing any personal information.
We welcome your comments
If you have any comments or questions on our Privacy Policy, or any other aspect of our service, please contact us by sending an email to feedback@hillside-cd.co.uk. It is by listening to, and acting on, feedback from our customers and prospective customers that we can best improve our products and service.