http://www.amosadvantage.com/privacy-policy
STAMP SUPPLIES
Scott Catalogs
Albums & Supplements
New Supplements
Scott Supplements
Minkus Supplements
Schaubek Supplements
HE Harris Supplements
Album Sets
Stamp Album Supplement Finder
> SHOP ALL ALBUMS & SUPPLEMENTS
Binders & Pages
Binders & Slipcases
Blank Pages
Cover Pages
Mint Sheet Pages
Page Protectors
Stock Sheets
Binder Labels
> SHOP ALL BINDERS & PAGES
Stamp Mounts & Hinges
ScottMount Stamp Mounts
Showgard Stamp Mounts
Mount Cutters
ScottMount Size Guide
> SHOP ALL STAMP MOUNTS & HINGES
Stamp Storage
Stock Books
Sleeves
Glassine Envelopes
Approval / Dealer Cards
> SHOP ALL STAMP STORAGE SUPPLIES
Stamp Tools
Magnifiers
Lights & Lamps
Perforation Gauges
Tongs
Anti-Corrosion
Watermark Fluid
Drying Supplies
> SHOP ALL STAMP TOOLS
Books & Literature
Stamp Reference Guides
> SHOP ALL STAMP SUPPLIES
COIN SUPPLIES
Coin Holders
2x2 Flips
2x2 Snaplocks
Quadrum 2x2
Quadrum Intercept 2x2
Snap-Tite 2x2
Certified Style Slabs
Coin World Premiere Coin Slabs
Lighthouse Everslab
SHOP ALL CERTIFIED STYLE SLABS
Coin Tubes
Round Coin Tubes
Square Coin Tubes
Coin Tube Storage Sets
SHOP ALL COIN TUBES
Coin Capsules
Guardhouse Coin Capsules
Lighthouse Coin Capsules
SHOP ALL COIN CAPSULES
Coin Set Holders
> SHOP ALL COIN HOLDERS
Coin Albums
Dansco Coin Albums
Lighthouse Coin Albums
Whitman Coin Albums
Certified Style Coin Albums
> SHOP ALL COIN ALBUMS
Coin Folders
Storage & Display
Display Boxes & Frames
Storage Boxes
Poly Bags
Trays, Boxes & Cases
> SHOP ALL COIN STORAGE & DISPLAY
Tools & Accessories
Coin Tongs
Lights & Lamps
Magnifiers
Scales
Gloves & Mats
> SHOP ALL COIN TOOLS & ACCESSORIES
Binders & Pages
SHOP ALL COIN SUPPLIES
HOBBY GUIDES
Stamp Guides
Coin Guides
Stamp Supplies
Scott Catalogues
Albums & Supplements
Stamp Album Sets
Scott Albums & Supplements
Schaubek Albums & Supplements
HE Harris Albums & Supplements
Minkus Albums & Supplements
New Supplement Releases
2018 Minkus Supplements
2018 Scott Supplements
2019 Minkus Supplements
2019 Scott Supplements
Stanley Gibbons Classic Albums
Binders & Pages
Stamp Binders
2-Post Binders & Slipcases
3-Ring Binders & Slipcases
6-Ring Binders & Slipcases
HE Harris Binders
Lighthouse Binders & Slipcases
Minkus Binders & Slipcases
Mint Sheet Binders
Schaubek Binders & Slipcases
Scott Binders & Slipcases
Stamp Cover Binders
Stamp Binder Labels
Blank
Eastern Europe
International
North America
Topical
United Nations
Pages
Blank Pages
Schaubek Blank Pages
Scott Blank Pages
Cover Pages
Mint Sheet Pages
Page Protectors
Stock Sheets
Stamp Mounts & Hinges
Scott Stamp Mounts
215mm Strips
240mm Strips
265mm Strips
Modern Panes
Pre-Cut Mounts
Prinz Stamp Mounts
Stamp Mount Cutters
Showgard Stamp Mounts
215mm Strips
240mm Strips
264mm Strips
Modern Panes
Pre-Cut Mounts
Stamp Storage
Sleeves
Glassine Envelopes
Stamp Stockbooks
Stamp Approval / Dealer Cards
Black Cards
White Cards
Storage Box
Stamp Stock Albums
Stamp Tools
Anti-Corrosion Stamp Supplies
Stamp Lights & Lamps
Stamp Magnifiers
Stamp Perforation Gauges
Stamp Tongs
Drying Supplies
Stamp Drying Books
Watermark Supplies
Misc. Tools
Stamp Literature
Clearance
Coin Supplies
Coin Albums
Dansco Coin Albums
Blank Albums & Slipcases
Blank Pages
Complete Albums
Cents
Nickels
Dimes
Quarters
Half Dollars
Dollars
ASE
Misc. Coins
Certified Coin Albums
Lighthouse Coin Albums
Whitman Coin Albums
Cents
Nickels
Dimes
Quarters
Half Dollars
Dollars
Misc. Coins
Coin Folders
Whitman Coin Folders
Cents
Nickels
Dimes
Quarters
Half Dollars
Dollars
Misc. Coins
Coin Holders
2x2 Coin Flips
Self-Adhesive 2x2 Coin Flips
Staple-Type 2x2 Coin Flips
2x2 Storage Sets
Clear 2x2 Coin Flips
2x2 Snaplocks
Quadrum 2x2 Snaplocks
Quadrum Intercept 2x2 Snaplocks
Snap-Tight 2x2 Snaplocks
Certified Coin Slabs
Coin World Premier Coin Slabs
Lighthouse Quickslab Coin Slabs
Coin World Premier Holder Sets
Coin Capsules
Guardhouse Coin Capsules
Lighthouse Coin Capsules
Coin Set Holders
Coin Tubes
Round Coin Tubes
Square Coin Tubes
CoinSafe Square Coin Tubes
Guardhouse Square Coin Tubes
Coin Tube Storage Sets
Storage & Display
Displays & Frames
2x2 Display
Capsule Display
Certified Coin Displays
Wood Coin Displays
Display Frames
Magic Frames
Coin Storage Boxes
2x2 Storage Boxes
Coin Capsule Storage Boxes
Certified Coin Storage Boxes
Coin Tube Storage Boxes
Coin Set Storage Boxes
Poly Bags
Trays, Boxes & Cases
Boxes
Cases
Trays
Coin Tools & Accessories
Coin Tongs
Coin Lights & Lamps
Coin Magnifiers
Coin Scales & Calipers
Coin Gloves & Mats
Coin Cleaning & Maintenance
Anti-Corrosion Supplies
Coin Cleaners
Binders & Pages
Binders
Pages
Books & Software
Coin & Currency Software
Coin Collecting & Reference Books
Coin Grading & Pricing Books
Currency
Currency Supplies
Binders & Pages
Currency Albums
Currency Binders
Currency Pages
Currency Books
Currency Sleeves
Clearance
Hobby Guides
Stamp Guides
Coin Guides
Your cart is empty
View Your Cart
Checkout
Sign Up for Weekly Deals
Give Us A Call & Order by Phone    (800) 572-6885    Mon-Thurs 9AM-5PM & Friday 9AM-3PM EST
AmosAdvantage.com Give Us A Call & Order by PhoneMon-Thurs 9AM-5PM & Friday 9AM-3PM EST (800) 572-6885
COVID-19 and How It Affects You
What is the Amos Advantage?
How to Shop
Manage Account
Login / Register for AA
Track Orders
About Us
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
About My Amos Media Account
Payment & Taxes
Shipping
Returns
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Subscriptions
Newsletter Signup
COVID-19
This privacy policy describes the privacy practices for the Web sites operated by Amos Media Company (“AMC”) and on behalf of its various publication and other registered trade names (Hereinafter “Web site” if singular, or, “Web sites” if more than one AMC site is referred to)
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
We gather two types of information: (1) personally identifiable information that you supply voluntarily when you register for interactive services, order other products or services, or enter certain other areas of our Web sites as noted below in this Privacy Policy and (2) aggregate tracking and site usage information that we gather automatically as you access our Web sites. Your provision to us of any information through our Web sites, or through other sites that link to our Web sites, is deemed your agreement to this Privacy Policy. It is our policy to use the personally identifiable information we acquire at our Web sites for internal business uses only and to provide content, products and services to you that you value and request. We do not authorize the use of your personal information by any third party (other than AMC business services providers discussed in the next section, under exceptional conditions as described under “Legal Matters” below, or, to sponsors of specific sections of the websites for marketing purposes). We operate and maintain a variety of online security measures to safeguard and keep your information private.
PERSONALLY INDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
Anyone can access our Web sites, but there are certain areas and services that require registration or provision of certain personal information if accessed, such as by way of example: entering premium content areas, placing advertisements online and making other online purchases, signing up for e-mail newsletters, promotions, contests, sweepstakes or special offers, or participating in reader forums, message boards, chats and reader surveys. If you choose to make a purchase or use such areas, we will ask for certain personally identifiable information, which may include name, mailing address, valid e-mail address and other personal information. Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us at registration, we will send you a welcoming e-mail to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, regarding any information or services you request, and to manage your "account". We will communicate with you by e-mail or other method as directed by you. If you decline to supply or maintain with us certain information while using our Web sites, understand that you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through the Web sites.
We strive to keep personal information (such as your name or e-mail address) that you voluntarily provide us private. We do not authorize your personal information to be shared with third parties without your consent, aside from third parties that perform essential business services for us (which may include by way of example: credit card processing, subscription fulfillment and billing, shipping, e-mail and list processing, and/or, sponsors of specific offerings that will use this information for marketing purposes). We provide these suppliers only with the information they need to process the transaction, perform the service or conduct the associated marketing effort. We ask that such parties either comply with our Privacy Policy or have comparable privacy policies that protect your information.
If you purchase a product or service from us, or through us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name and shipping address) and payment information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information to fulfill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use the contact information provided to contact you.
Certain information supplied by you to our Web sites may be password-protected, and you should take all necessary measures to protect the secrecy of your password. If you use a computer in a public place or share a computer with others, remember to log out/sign out and close your browser window when you finish accessing our Web site in order to prevent others from accessing your personal information. You are solely responsible for the control and use of each password you create.
Personal information which you provide on user forums or bulletin boards or in other areas that are accessible to other users could also be collected and disclosed by other users. We cannot and do not take any responsibility for such collection or disclosure.
From time to time, we may obtain e-mail addresses from third party commercial sources to be used for promotional purposes. You may opt out of receiving any messages from us in the future by either clicking the appropriate box, radio button or link in the e-mail message received, or by contacting us as instructed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
AGGREGATE INFORMATION THAT IS AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED
We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through our Web sites. For example, to enhance your experience on our Web sites, we use a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie." Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Web site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Web site where you have entered preference information before. AMC also may use pixel tags (single-pixel image files also known as transparent GIFs, clear GIFs or web beacons) to access cookies and to count users who visit the Web site or open our HTML-formatted e-mail messages. The information that is collected through the use of these image files is not personally identifiable and is used only to track responses to our advertising and promotional efforts. Another example of information that we automatically collect as you navigate our Web sites is information in “log files” about your computer's connection to the Internet such as a user's IP address (the number assigned automatically to your computer whenever you use the Internet), length of time spent on the Web sites, and the pages accessed during each visit to the Web sites. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement on the Web sites, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information except if necessary to provide certain premium content or services for which you have registered. In general, aggregate information allows us to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Web sites.
In addition, third party advertisers or third party ad servers that place and present advertising on the Web site also may collect information from you via cookies, pixel tags or similar technologies. These third party advertisers and ad servers may use the information they collect to help present their advertisements, to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness, or for other uses. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage users to be aware that when they leave our Web sites for another site, even if through a link, they should read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. The provision of external links to other Web sites is a common practice on the Internet and it in no way indicates that we have any responsibility or control over the linked company, its products, services, or Web site.
OTHER AGGREGATE INFORMATION
If we gather demographic information from you (for example, your age, education level or household income), we will not share that information in a manner that identifies you as an individual with any other third party. Any information that might be shared with third parties will be aggregate information only (“aggregate” meaning demographic information speaking only to the broad characteristics of a group), unless we are required to release additional information under conditions described in next section “Legal Matters”.
LEGAL MATTERS
Notwithstanding any other term or conclusion of any third party Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to comply with the law and release information concerning any user of our sites or services when we have grounds to believe that: (i) the user is in violation of our Terms of Use or other published guidelines or is engaged in any illegal activity, (ii) to release information in response to court and governmental orders, other enforceable requests from government entities, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and otherwise as required by law; and (iii) we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights, property, safety or security of API, any of our users or the public, or (iv) to respond to an emergency.
In the event of a change of control of AMC (such as through a merger, sale, assignment or liquidation of the business entity, or any of its properties, assets or equity) or, in the event of a direct or indirect sale of any of its publishing properties and/or its Web sites, personal information of users of the affected Web sites in our possession will be transferred to the new owner/successor. We are not obligated to notify Web site users of any such transaction. You may always change or delete your information or opt out by contacting us as provided below, or if the acquirer posts a new Privacy Policy with new contact information, you may change or delete your information or opt out by following any new instructions that are posted.
HOW DO I OPT OUT OR CHANGE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION?
To opt out of further e-mail communications from us, just click on the opt out controls in the e-mail, or contact us as instructed at the end of this Privacy Policy. We may need up to 30 days to assure compliance with your request. To change your personal information that you have provided us, please contact us as instructed at the end of this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN'S ON-LINE PRIVACY INFORMATION
These Web sites are not intended for use by children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect information from children and minors. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide information on our Web sites without their permission.
Involvement of parents: In accordance with the provisions of the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, in the event that we do collect any personal information or data from children as a byproduct of Web site operation, it should be noted here that we publish content relating to collectibles and other areas of interest that may naturally appeal to a given child. However, if information is subsequently found to belong to a child under the age of 13, we will notify parents first, and will seek parental or guardian determination as to the use or deletion of such personal information. A parent also has the option to contact us and have deleted any of their child's personal information that they find is in our possession. This can be done by contacting us as noted at the end of this Privacy Policy.
OUR COMMITMENT TO DATA SECURITY
We have put in place security hardware, software and software update and network scanning procedures designed to safeguard and secure the information under our control and follow generally accepted industry standards. Our Internet architecture is certified as Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard Compliant (PCI DSS)—a certification which requires scanning for network vulnerabilities and up-to-date detection of infected files or unwanted access.
We use encryption and authentication to maintain the confidentiality of your personal information. If stored, we house personal information on systems behind firewalls that are only accessible to limited personnel. Any employee with access to personally-identifying information is required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and may not use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for AMC. These individuals may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. We also take appropriate measures to encrypt the transmission of personal information from your computer to AMC computers. When you furnish sensitive personal information to us, such as credit card information, on our secure pages, all information is transmitted via 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. SSL encodes the information transferred between you and AMC servers and is the industry standard for rendering online information unreadable to anyone trying to intercept it.
Although we will exercise high levels of care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers and in storing that information on our systems, no method of transmission over the Internet, or of electronic storage, is 100% secure. As such, we cannot ensure or otherwise guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the Internet.
CHANGES OR UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. We will post any changes to the privacy policy on the Web sites, but we have no other obligation to notify you of such changes. We indicate the date of the current version of this privacy policy below, so you know when it was last updated. Any changes will affect all of the information we have previously collected from you, as well as the information we collect after such changes, and may include without limitation additional uses or disclosures of your information. If any of the changes represent a material change that expands our use of personal information, the changes will be posted in advance of taking effect. We may post a prompt on the home page of our site for users to review the new privacy policy but are not required to do so. If you object to the changes, please contact us as provided below and we will remove your information that we previously collected. However, your subsequent provision of information to us through any of our Web sites is deemed your agreement to use of that information in accordance with the then-current privacy policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or you wish to make changes to your personal information or remove yourself from our database, please contact us in one of the following ways: E-mail us at: Webmaster@amosmedia.com and insert only the words “Re: Privacy Policy” in the subject line header of the e-mail.
Write to us at:
Webmaster Amos Media Company 1660 Campbell Rd, Suite A Sidney, OH 45365
Customer Service
Contact Us
FAQs
Shipping
Returns
Payment & Taxes
My Account
Login / Register
Manage Account
Your Orders
Logout of Account
Current Offers
Current Promotions
Newsletter Sign-Up
Magazine Subscriptions
Product Guides
Company Information
About Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Secure Shopping Guarantee
Our Publications
Copyright ©2020 Amos Media Company