http://www.kakadugolfglove.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Sign in or Create an account
My Account
View Cart
All prices are in AUDChange
Change Currency
Australian Dollar
British Pound
Euro
US Dollars
Search
Advanced Search |
Search Tips
Home
Categories
Products
Golf
Multi Sport Fingerless Gloves
Socks & Caps
Gift Packs
SALE ITEMS
Information
Sale Items
The Leather
Corporate Logos
News & Reviews
Contact Us
International DistributorsAbout usFAQReturn & ExchangePrivacy Policy
HomeContact UsPrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kakadu Australia Acceptable Use Policy & Privacy Statement
Spam: Kakadu Australia does not participate in spamming and maintains a zero tolerance spam policy. Those who enter into business relationships with Kakadu Australia (including, but not limited to, affiliates and joint venture partners) and choose to promote Kakadu Australia, Kakadu Australia products or services, or Kakadu Australia affiliated products or services using spam will have their relationship with Kakadu Australia immediately terminated.
Customer satisfaction is our No 1 priority. If you wish to return an item, please contact us immediately by e-mail info@kakadugolfglove.com and a Customer Relations agent will be happy to help you.
Our Return Policy We pride ourselves on exceptional customer service, if you are unhappy with your product we will exchange the item or refund the purchase price in the country in which the product was purchased, subject to the following conditions:
Items must be returned within 30 days (Australia) / 45 days (International) from the date of purchase.
If exchanging, please enclose a pre-paid envelope for us to return the replacement item to you.
You must provide your name and address.
You are responsible for any costs associated with returning the item to us including any currency conversion costs.
Items must be returned in unworn, unwashed or otherwise unused condition, with all original tags/labels attached.  All original packaging must also be included.
If you request a refund, the purchase price (excluding postage and handling charges) will be refunded to you using the original payment method once we have received the returned item back and confirmed that it meets conditions 1-4 above.
For your security we recommend that you use an insured or tracked parcel service for your return, as we cannot accept responsibility for products that we do not ship.  Please retain a copy of this information upon returning your products to;
Kakadu AustraliaPO Box 498Golden Bach, Queensland, Australia, 4551
FAULTY PRODUCT
All items go through a rigorous quality control process before and during the manufacturing process. They are further subjected to quality inspections before any item is posted out. All items are handled with care to ensure that it gets to you in great condition.
If an item is faulty, wrongly described or different from the sample shown then we will meet our legal obligations which may include refunding the purchase price and delivery charges, or providing a replacement product, provided the item is returned within 30 days (Australia) / 45 days (International) of purchase.
Deliveries All deliveries will be shipped via standard Australia Post unless specified by the purchaser. Please always take extreme care to verify the address to which the product is to be sent. Should you wish to pay to insure your products, send via air, express, or courier, we will do so at your request. We do not however accept responsibility for any losses incurred if your product is not received or does not arrive on time. Should you have a problem, we will at all times endeavour to help locate lost or misplaced freight. We recommend that all purchases be sent via a tracked method.
Copyright All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software, is the property of Kakadu Australia or its content suppliers and protected by Australian and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Kakadu Australia and protected by Australian and international copyright laws. All items purchased from Kakadu Australia are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Kakadu Australia and its affiliates attempt to be as accurate as possible. However, Kakadu Australia does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Kakadu Australia itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.
Parties other than Kakadu Australia and its subsidiaries operate stores, provide services, or sell product lines on this site. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, any of these businesses or individuals or the content of their Web sites. Kakadu Australia does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use.
Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability Kakadu Australia does not warrant that this site, its servers, or e-mail sent from Kakadu Australia are free of viruses or other harmful components. Kakadu Australia will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Site Policies, Modification, and Severity Please review our other policies posted on this site. These policies also govern your visit to Kakadu Australia. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Third Parties and Promotions Hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties exist upon kakadugolfglove.com. Neither Kakadu Australia, nor its directors, employees or agents have any control over or responsibility for the contents of any such third party website. Further, Kakadu Australia, its directors, employees or agents accept no responsibility for any product or information provided or actions taken by any third party or for any transactions entered into between the user and the relevant third party.
When products are ordered via this website, users agree to their details being stored within our own database for marketing purposes.
No materials may be reproduced in any form without the written consent of Kakadu Australia. All violations will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
We will not swamp you with email. We generally only send one newsletter per month.
We may occasionally affiliate ourselves with other businesses to bring selected opportunities via email which we feel may benefit our subscribers. If so, we will try to include this with our newsletter to maintain the "one email a month" target stated above.
Each email you receive from us will be clearly marked as coming from kakadugolfglove.com or Kakadu Australia. This is your way of knowing that it has not been sent unsolicited.
You may unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by clicking the "Unsubcribe" link on any email you receive from us or by clicking here to navigate to our Unsubscribe page. Your details will thereby be entirely removed from our database and you will receive no further emails from us.
OUR NEWSLETTER
FACEBOOK
FOLLOW US Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Copyright © 2020 Kakadu Golf Gloves. All rights reserved.
Web Design by
Above&Beyond.