https://www.dartagnan.com/general/privacy-policy.html
Privacy Policy
We at D’Artagnan, Inc. ("D’Artagnan") are committed to protecting the privacy of customers and visitors who use our web sites. We have therefore created this policy statement (the "Policy") to explain the privacy practices and procedures pertaining to any online service location (e.g., web site or mobile app) that posts a link to this Policy (each a "D’Artagnan Web Site") (including, without limitation, both mobile and online versions), and also applies to your use of interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that we own and control and make available through a D’Artagnan Web Site and/or that posts a link to this Policy, including, but not limited to, Dartagnan.com and blog.dartagnan.com. To the extent we provide you notice on the D’Artagnan Web Sites of different or additional privacy policies or practices (e.g., at the point of our collection), those additional terms shall govern such data collection and use.
We believe that you should know what information we collect from you, as well as understand how we use, disclose, and protect that information. We believe that you should be able to communicate with us easily to limit the disclosure of any of your personally identifiable information, where practicable, and to address any questions or concerns that you may have. Except as provided in this Policy, we will not disclose personally identifiable information (as defined below) to unaffiliated third parties without your consent.
As further set forth below, D’Artagnan will revise and update this Policy as D’Artagnan changes its practices or adds new products or services or changes existing ones. You should refer back to this page for the latest information.
This Policy applies to D’Artagnan Web Sites, which are intended for the use of persons residing in the United States (including its territories and possessions), and for delivery of products and services within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, will be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may differ from those of the country in which you are located, and your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States according to laws of the United States. By using the D’Artagnan Web Sites or providing us with any information, you consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including personal information, in the United States as set forth in this Policy.
By using the D’Artagnan Web Sites, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy. For other terms and conditions that govern your use of this Site, please review our Terms of Use.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect a variety of personally identifiable information about users of our products and services in order to ensure an enjoyable and seamless on-line shopping experience. When we use the term "personally identifiable information," we mean information that is directly associated with, or could be used to identify, a specific person. Such information includes a name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or information about activities directly linked to that person which would permit the physical or online contacting of that person.
Our definition of personally identifiable information does not include "aggregate information" - this is data we collect about a group or category of products, services, or customers and from which individual customer identities have been removed. Aggregate data-for example, a report that indicates that a certain number of our customers reside in a particular state or region of the United States, or a report on how many of our customers visited particular pages of one of the D’Artagnan Web Sites-aids us in understanding trends and customer needs so that we can better consider new products and services or tailor existing products and services to customer preferences. D’Artagnan may purchase aggregate data from unaffiliated third parties, or sell it to, or share it with, unaffiliated third parties.
Our definition of personally identifiable information also does not include your Internet protocol ("IP") address, unless you have made an online purchase and/or registered with us in the "My Account"; section of our site, in which case your IP address is linked to your personally identifiable information.
We collect the following types of personally identifiable information through the D’Artagnan Web Sites:
Information You Give Us: We collect information you give us-such as your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, email address, and/or credit card number-when you purchase a product, use a service, participate in a promotion, or register with us in the "My Account" section on the D’Artagnan Web Sites. In some cases, such as gift purchases, we may collect information about someone other than you, including that person's name, shipping or mailing address, telephone number, and e-mail address. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on the D’Artagnan Web Sites or otherwise request us to ship to a third party, your contact information, name or user name and message may be included in the communication sent to your addressee(s). Some of these tools may be third-party tools subject to third-party privacy policies.
Information We Collect Automatically: We automatically collect certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, when you visit a D’Artagnan Web Site, our systems automatically provide us with your IP address and tell us what type of web browser you use. This information may be linked to personally identifiable information if you have made an online purchase and/or registered with us in the "My Account" section of a D’Artagnan Web Site. Unless linked with personally identifiable information, this usage information is not subject to the terms of this Policy.
Tracking Technologies. We may use various methods and technologies to store or collect usage information (Tracking Technologies). Tracking Technologies may set, change, alter or modify settings or configurations on your device. A few of the Tracking Technologies include, without limitation, the following (and subsequent technology and methods later developed):
Cookies. A cookie is a data file placed on a device when it is used to visit the D’Artagnan Web Sites. A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device. HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included in the D’Artagnan Web Sites’ pages and messages.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the D’Artagnan Web Sites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the D’Artagnan Web Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Browser Fingerprinting. Collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.
ETag, or Entity Tag. A feature of the cache in browsers. It is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner ETags are a form of Device Identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
Recognition Technologies. Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices in the same user).
Location-Identifying Technologies. Additionally, the D’Artagnan Web Sites may use GPS (global positioning systems) software and other location-based technologies such as iBeacons to locate you so we may verify your location, deliver you relevant content based on your location, as well as allow you to share your location to other users as part of the services we provide via the D’Artagnan Web Sites.
Information We Obtain from Other Sources: We may obtain information about you from outside sources and add it to, or combine it with, your personally identifiable information, including information such as:
Credit information, which allows us to complete transactions for the purchase of D’Artagnan products and services;
Commercially available demographic and marketing information from third parties, which aids us in serving you and informing you of products and services that may be of interest to you;
Information submitted by third parties, such as the send to a friend functionality; and
Updated delivery and address information from our shipping agents and other sources, which permits us to maintain accurate records and better serve you.
We also receive e-mail lists from third parties for advertising purposes, but only lists of individuals who have specifically opted in to receiving D’Artagnan email promotions. If you have previously consented to participate in an e-mail advertising program, the information we receive may include your name, information on previous transactions, or any other personally identifiable information you have provided with that consent.
To the extent we combine information we receive from those sources with your personally identifiable information we collect on the D’Artagnan Web Sites, it will be treated as personally identifiable information and we will apply this Policy to such combined information, unless we have disclosed otherwise. In no other circumstances do our statements under this Policy apply to information we receive about you from third parties. To see how we use, disclose, and protect the personally identifiable information that we collect, please review the rest of this Policy.
COMPLIANCE WITH THE CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT
We understand the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive world. We are a general audience service and, and D’Artagnan does not knowingly collect-either actively or passively-any information, including personal information as defined by COPPA, from children under the age of 13.
NETWORK AND INFORMATION SECURITY
We maintain a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your personally identifiable information. Specifically, we use commercially accepted procedures and systems to protect against unauthorized access to our systems. We use reasonable efforts to restrict access to your personally identifiable information to those employees and contractors-all of whom are covered by this Policy-who need to know that information to provide products or services to you, or otherwise assist you. We work to protect the security of your personally identifiable information during transmission via the D’Artagnan Web Site by using Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") software, which is designed to encrypt information you input. And we use an SSL connection to enable you to view, enter, and change the information in the "My Account" section securely on D’Artagnan Web Sites. However, no data transmission over the Internet, mobile networks, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Please note that D’Artagnan cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and you use the D’Artagnan Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.
You can take additional steps on your own to safeguard your personally identifiable information. For example, you should be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. And you should always log out of any web site, including a D’Artagnan Web Site, after viewing personal account information, such as the "My Account" section of the D’Artagnan Web Sites.
Please be advised that D’Artagnan has no control over the security of other sites on the Internet you might visit, interact with, or from which you might buy products or services.
OUR USE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Our Internal Use: In general, we use personally identifiable information to serve our existing and prospective customers and to enhance and extend our customer relationships. By understanding how you use a D’Artagnan Web Site, we are able to customize and personalize our interactions with you. More specifically:
We use personally identifiable information for billing purposes, to provide products or services or complete transactions you have requested, to anticipate and resolve problems with your products and services (including warranty-related activities), to create and inform you of products or services from D’Artagnan or others that better meet your needs, for internal business purposes, and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide the information or as otherwise set forth in this Policy.
D’Artagnan uses e-mail and direct mail to inform you about products or services we think will interest you, if you created an online account with us or requested email communications. If you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, simply click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of your email preferences page.
While you may choose not to receive marketing information from us, you will continue to receive invoices, customer service-related notifications, and other similar information from us electronically or otherwise. You will also continue to receive communications directly related to products or services you purchase.
Our Customer Surveys: Periodically, you may be able to participate in our surveys to help us improve our products and services. Any personally identifiable information that we may collect from you in a survey will ONLY be used internally by D’Artagnan. Unless otherwise explained in the instructions for a particular customer survey, any personally identifiable information you provide to us for purposes of that survey will be used in accordance with this Policy.
Our Promotions: D’Artagnan may sponsor or participate in contests, giveaways, or other promotions in which you may participate. Unless otherwise explained in the rules for a particular contest, giveaway, or other promotion, any personally identifiable information you provide to us for purposes of that contest, giveaway, or other promotion will be used in accordance with this Policy.
Contact Us. Please note that information submitted to any of the Sites via a "contact us" or other similar customer inquiry function may not always receive a response. We will not use the information provided by you in a customer inquiry communication to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless you agree otherwise.
Third-Party Use: To understand when and how D’Artagnan may disclose personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties, please read the Disclosure of Your Personally Identifiable Information section below.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Except as set forth in this Policy, we do not share personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties, nor do we sell it to third parties. We may share non-personally identifiable information, such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties. We may share your device identifiers with third parties along with data related to you and your activities. If we de-identify data about you, it is not treated as personally identifiable information by us, and we may share it with others freely. We disclose personally identifiable information only as detailed below.
Your Consent: D’Artagnan will not disclose personally identifiable information other than in accordance with this Policy. In general, that means that you must consent to the disclosure in advance, except as otherwise set forth in this Policy. Depending on the product or service, we may obtain your consent in a number of ways, including:
In writing
Verbally
Online, by clicking a button; or
Through the use of a dialing string or buttons on a telephone handset.
For example, your consent to disclose personally identifiable information can be implied simply by the nature of your request, such as when you ask us to deliver a product to you using our shipping agent.
Information You Submit: The D’Artagnan Web Sites may permit you to submit ideas, photographs, user profiles, writings, wishlists, data, questions, comments, reviews, suggestions or other content, including personally identifiable information (collectively, "User Content"). We or others may store, display, reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or hereafter developed) and may or may not attribute it to you. Others may have access to this User Content and may have the ability to share it with third parties. Please think carefully before deciding what information you share, including personally identifiable information, in connection with your User Content. Please note that D’Artagnan does not control who will have access to the information that you choose to make public, and cannot ensure that parties who have access to such publicly available information will respect your privacy or keep it secure. We are not responsible for the privacy or security of any information that you make publicly available on the D’Artagnan Web Sites or what others do with information you share with them on the D’Artagnan Web Sites. We are not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any User Content that you disclose or receive from third parties through the D’Artagnan Web Sites. We may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other personally identifiable information that is part of your User Content, and we may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.
Disclosure to Unaffiliated Third Parties: In using the D’Artagnan Web Sites, you consent to our disclosure of personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties as follows: we share personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties ONLY as necessary to complete a transaction or perform a service that you have requested, or to perform data analysis services, or to support the technical operation and maintenance of the D’Artagnan Web Sites. When the unaffiliated third party acts solely on our behalf - such as with a web site hosting company - D’Artagnan requires that party to follow our privacy practices. D’ARTAGNAN DOES NOT SELL, LEND, LEASE TO, OR SHARE WITH, UNAFFILIATED THIRD PARTIES ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ASSOCIATED WITH ITS CUSTOMERS THAT IS COLLECTED THROUGH A D’ARTAGNAN WEB SITE, UNLESS YOU HAVE CONSENTED TO SUCH DISCLOSURE.
Third-party analytics and other service providers may set and access their own Tracking Technologies on your device and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, potentially including personally identifiable information, about you. We are not responsible for those third party technologies or activities arising out of them. However, some may offer you certain choices regarding their practices, and information we have been informed of regarding such choices is available at the end of this Policy. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of or compliance with any third parties’ opt-out options.
In addition, third parties may store, collect or otherwise have access to your information when you interact with their Tracking Technologies, content, tools apps or ads on the D’Artagnan Web Sites or link to them from the D’Artagnan Web Sites. This may include using third-party tools such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube or other third-party posting or content sharing tools and by so interacting you consent to such third party practices. It may also include ordering or purchasing products from third parties through us where we indicate that the third party rather than us is the seller. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review such third-party privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to requesting information from or otherwise interacting with them.
Business Transfers: Information about our customers, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of company assets, including during due diligence. It may also be disclosed in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which personally identifiable information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. We may share your information, including personally identifiable information, with our parent, subsidiaries and affiliates.
Promotions: If you choose to enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion (collectively, a "Promotion"), personal identifiable information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list.
Protection of D’Artagnan and others: We release personally identifiable information when we believe release is appropriate to do the following:
To comply with the law and regulatory obligations (e.g., a lawful subpoena);
To enforce or apply our agreements to sell products or services to you;
To bill and collect for products and services; and/or
To protect our rights or property.
OUR USE OF TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
Cookies: D’Artagnan uses "cookies" to enhance your use of the D’Artagnan Web Sites. "Cookies" are small text files placed on your computer's hard drive by a web site when you visit that web site. These files identify your computer and record your preferences and other data about your visit to a web site so that when you return to that site, the site operator knows who you are and can personalize your visit. For example, cookies enable a web site shopping cart to function so that you only have to check out once. Consequently, cookies are often tied to the use of personally identifiable information while using the D’Artagnan Web Sites. If you choose not to accept the use of cookies, your use of the D’Artagnan Web Sites may be impaired and that when you revisit the D’Artagnan Web Sites your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Cookies allow us to do the following:
Complete transactions you have requested;
Collect information to determine which products, services, and sections of the D’Artagnan Web Sites are most and least popular;
Personalize the D’Artagnan Web Sites and make recommendations to you based on products and services you have liked in the past; and
Improve the ease of use of the D’Artagnan Web Sites, sometimes in conjunction with web beacons.
We do not use cookies to store information such as passwords or credit card information.
We also use a session-based cookie to maintain continuity of navigation for you when viewing one of the D’Artagnan Web Sites during a particular on-line session. After closing the browser, the session cookie simply terminates; it is not stored on your computer's hard drive thereafter.
In conjunction with web beacons, D’Artagnan may also use cookies, but these cookies are not linked to your personally identifiable information.
Third-party advertisers who display ads on our site may also use their own cookies. The cookies of those advertisers are governed by the privacy policies of the entities placing the ads, and not by the Policy of D’Artagnan.
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Each browser you use will need to be set separately and different browsers offer different functionality and options in this regard. Also, these tools may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies or HTML5 cookies or other Tracking Technologies. For information on disabling Flash cookies go to Adobe’s website www.adobe.com.
Web Beacons: D’Artagnan uses web beacons on D’Artagnan Web Sites. A web beacon (sometimes called a "web bug" or "clear GIF") is a tiny graphic image (usually a 1-by-1 pixel) displayed in a web page, web-based document, or e-mail message, but it is usually invisible, as it is usually the same color as the background of the web page, document, or e-mail message. When the user's web browser reads the HTML code for the web beacon to retrieve the image, it can along pass along the IP address of the user's computer, the time the web beacon was viewed and for how long, and the type of browser used. Web beacons can also be linked to a user's cookies and any personally identifiable information that may be stored in them.
D’Artagnan uses web beacons and may link a web beacon to those customers' cookies. Web beacons allow us to provide you with a seamless experience on the D’Artagnan Web Sites, ensuring that you are recognized as our customer when moving between different areas of the D’Artagnan Web Sites. Web beacons also allow us to gather aggregate information, as described above in Information We Collect. D’Artagnan does not use web beacons that link to personally identifiable information on unaffiliated third-party web sites. D’Artagnan does not permit unaffiliated third parties to place such web beacons in advertisements on D’Artagnan Web Sites.
Tracking Technologies in General: In addition to as set forth above, we may use Tracking Technologies for a variety of purposes, including:
Strictly Necessary. We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that we consider are strictly necessary to allow you to use and access the D’Artagnan Web Sites, including cookies required to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping cart functionality.
Performance Related. We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are useful in order to assess the performance of the D’Artagnan Web Sites, including as part of our analytic practices or otherwise to improve the content, products or services offered through the Sites.
Functionality Related. We may use cookies or other Tracking Technologies that are required to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing the Sites, including identifying you when you sign in to the D’Artagnan Web Sites or keeping track of our specified preferences, including in terms of the presentation of content on the D’Artagnan Web Sites.
Targeting Related. We may use Tracking Technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on the D’Artagnan Web Sites and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content. This includes using Tracking Technologies to understand the usefulness to you of the advertisements and content that have been delivered to you.
Tracking Technologies Choices and Consent: We are giving you detailed notice of the Tracking Technologies and your limited choices regarding them so that your consent is meaningfully informed.
Third Party Tracking and Do Not Track: There may be other Tracking Technologies now and later devised and used by us in connection with the Sites. Further, third parties may use Tracking Technologies in connection with the D’Artagnan Web Sites, which may include the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. We may not control those Tracking Technologies and we are not responsible for them. However, you consent to potentially encountering third party Tracking Technologies in connection with use of the D’Artagnan Web Sites and accept that our statements under this Policy do not apply to the Tracking Technologies or practices of such third parties. Also, various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms for the expression of consumer choice regarding the collection of information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services (e.g., browser do not track signals). Currently, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms.
BANNER ADS AND THIRD PARTY CONTENT
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on the D’Artagnan Web Sites. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to the D’Artagnan Web Sites, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through Tracking Technologies. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. Third-party Tracking Technologies are not controlled by us, even if they use our technology to help store or collect data. Statements regarding our practices do not apply to the methods for collecting information used by these third-party advertisers and others or the use of the information that such third parties collect. We do however work with third parties to make efforts to have you provided with information on their practices and any available opportunity to exercise choice. The relevant third party’s terms of service, privacy policy, permissions, notices and choices should be reviewed regarding their collection, storage and sharing practices. We make no representations regarding the policies or practices of third-party advertisers or advertising networks or exchanges or related third parties. Further, while we may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements on the D’Artagnan Web Sites, you may wish to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp, which provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including the "opt-out" procedures of NAI members. Opting out of one or more NAI members only means that those NAI members no longer will be allowed under their own rules to deliver targeted content and/or ads to you, which will affect this and other sites, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit this opt-out page, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or change web browsers, your NAI opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. Additional information is available on the NAI’s web site accessible by the above link. You may also opt-out of receiving third-party behavioral ads on this site by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") web site at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/#completed. Similar limitations may apply to the DAA opt-out. We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs.
The D’Artagnan Web Sites may contain content that is supplied by a third party, and those third parties may collect usage information and your device identifier when pages from the D’Artagnan Web Sites are served to you. In addition, when you are on the D’Artagnan Web Sites you may be directed to other services that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the data collection and privacy practices employed by any of these third parties or their services and they may be tracking you across multiple sites and may be sharing the results of that tracking with us and/or others. For example, if you "click" on a link, the "click" may take you off the D’Artagnan Web Sites onto a different site. These other sites may associate their Tracking Technologies with you, independently collect data about you, including personally identifiable information, and may or may not have their own published privacy policies.
We also encourage you to note when you leave the D’Artagnan Web Sites and to review the third-party privacy policies of all third-party locations and exercise caution in connection with them.
CHECKING "MY ACCOUNT" INFORMATION FOR ACCURACY
You can review or change the information in the "My Account" section of the D’Artagnan Web Sites by using the "Update Account" feature in that section, or by telephoning or writing to Customer Service. As noted in the Information We Collect About You section above, we may also use updated delivery and address information obtained from our shipping agents and other sources to update our records. You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of registration. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable (but we may retain prior information as business records).
OUR POLICY ON CONTACTING YOU
At D’Artagnan, we will send e-mail messages to you only if you have specifically requested that we do so. We include an unsubscribe link in any advertisement we send to you by e-mail which you can use to request that we stop sending e-mail advertisements to you. If you have previously requested that we send you e-mail messages but you no longer wish to receive them, let us know by filling in our unsubscribe form, and we will remove your e-mail address from our database as soon as practicable.
Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the D’Artagnan Web Sites, such as administrative and service announcements and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from receiving our marketing communications. When you communicate with us electronically, such as via e-mail and text message, you consent to receive communications from us electronically.
UPDATING OF OUR POLICY
D’Artagnan will revise or update this Policy if our practices change, as we change existing products or services, add new products or services, or develop better ways to inform you of products we think will interest you. You should refer back to this page for the latest information and the effective date of any changes. However, we will not use your previously collected personal information in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about this Policy, please e-mail us at orders@dartagnan.com. Or you can write to us at:
D’Artagnan, Inc.
Attn: Privacy Officer
600 Green Lane
Union, NJ 07083
D’Artagnan is committed to the policies set forth in this Policy.
The following third parties that collect information from you on or in connection with our Service have given us notice that you may obtain information on their policies and practices, and in some instances opt-out of certain of their activities, as follows:
Party: Google
Service: Analytics
For More Information:http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Use of Tracking Technologies: Yes
Privacy Choices: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
PLEASE NOTE: We are not responsible for third-party policies or practices. We try to keep this information current, and will add to and subtract from the chart above as appropriate, but it is provided as a courtesy and may not be current or accurate. Please contact the applicable third parties regarding their privacy and data security policies and practices.
Effective Date: April 1, 2016
Return to Top
See today's specials