http://www.memorabilia-uk.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern Memorabilia UK Limited relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term Memorabilia UK Limited (Company Number 8728165) refers to the owner of the website. The website is hosted and operated by our chosen third party web-developer. If you wish to contact us by post please send all mailings to our private Royal Mail PO Box marked for the attention of ; Mark Riddle C/O Memorabilia UK Limited PO BOX 225 GAINSBOROUGH LINCOLNSHIRE UK DN21 5WT. We of course warmly welcome all interested parties ; this usage of our PO Box address is purely to assist in the prevention of us receiving unsolicited contact and junk mailings.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
a. See our separate important detailed individual section in relation to Terms of Use with Photograph and YouTube copyrights Copyright Rules
b. Permission for any copyright scanning robot to access the Memorabilia UK Limited website is most explicitly denied. This includes all robots supposedly scanning any website content for the purpose of law enforcement criminal or civil. We regard this as illegal hacking, infringement of our own copyright, an invasion of privacy and theft, due to their utilising / sucking up large amounts of band-width that is paid by us. We will seek damages of 5000UK pounds per violation from any company or individual making financial demands or issuing threats of legal action against ourselves as a result of their involvement or usage of scanning robots.
c. The maximum compensation liability for Memorabilia UK Limited in respect of any dispute arising from a sale made by us at any time is the original and actual purchase price paid by the customer shown on their paperwork receipt. This is a strict condition of any sale.
d. The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
e. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
f. Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
g. This website contains material which is owned by , purchased by or licensed by us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
h. All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
i. Unauthorised use of this website may give to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
j. You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Memorabilia UK Limited prior written consent.
k. Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England and Wales.
Payment
After submitting an order to us we will use our PDQ machine to facilitate the payment.
Cancellation
a. You are entitled to cancel your contract if you wish providing you act within 7 working days of receipt of the goods.
b. If you wish to exercise this right prior to despatch of goods please email enquiries@memorabilia-uk.co.uk.
c. If your order has already been despatched please follow our returns information.
Returns
Return your order to us within 7 days. Complete with covering letter and a copy of the original invoice. Returned goods must be unused, in a saleable condition and in their original packaging with all labels etc still attached. Once we've received them back, we will arrange to either credit you or replace the goods with a different size or colour, whichever you prefer. Certain products may need to be returned to our suppliers for inspection before a refund can be issued.
If you're returning something because it doesn't fit or it's not suitable, you'll need to pay the postage costs to return it to us. We will refund the return postage for items found to be faulty.
If an item is faulty on delivery contact Memorabilia UK Limited immediately to explain the fault. We'll either credit you or replace the goods, whichever you prefer.
Search
View prices in
£
€
$
Subscribe to our mailing list
Email Address
*
If you can find me a more informative and better autograph website anywhere on the internet "I am an Irishman" !!!!!
Seamus Dory, Ireland
Read more testimonials
© 2014 - 2020 Memorabilia UK
TJS Web Design Lincolnshire