http://www.numberplates.com/company/terms-of-use
Skip to content
Welcome. Go ahead and Sign in
01582 967777
Toggle navigation
01582 967777
Buy
Buy number plates
Search
Number plates by name
Number plates by initials
Sports team plates
Naughty / rude number plates
Dateless number plates
Cheap plates
Car related number plates
Jobs & interests plates
Irish number plates
Number plate as a gift
Number plates as an investment
Future number plate releases
Number plate merchandise
Finance eligibility checker
Sell
Sell number plates
Free valuation
Stock purchases
Auction
Number plate auction information
Current listings
Auction your number plate
Auction FAQs
Auction fees
Free Magazine
Help
Introduction
FAQs
Glossary of plate terms
Info
Celebrity number plates
World's most expensive number plates
UK's most expensive number plates
Private number plate facts
Number plate guides
About acrylic number plates
Blog
Sign in
Lines are closed.
We are here
9am - 9pm, 7 days a week
The Christmas Sale is on. Up to 25% OFF
Sign up to Regwise today
Regtransfers
4.9/5
(Based on 1022010,220 reviews)
Finance options available
Home
Company
Terms of use (You are here)
Terms of use
We hope that you find our website informative and useful and you are free to enjoy the content.
In doing so you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following Terms of Use, which together with our Privacy policy and our Terms & Conditions govern our relationship with you in relation to this website. If you disagree with any part of these Terms of Use, please do not use it.
1. Access
Access to and use of any site operated by us (whether the regtransfers.co.uk web site or any other of our web sites) (the 'Sites') is provided by us subject to these Site Terms. 'We' are Registration Transfers Ltd. We are a company registered in England. Our registered office is 139 High Street South, Dunstable, Bedfordshire, LU6 3SS. Our company registration number is 3933658 and our VAT number is 403 9563 55. You can also contact us by email at enquiries@regtransfers.co.uk or by phone at 01582 967777.
Your use of any part of the Sites constitutes your acceptance of these Site Terms which takes effect on the date on which you first use the Sites. If you do not agree with these Site Terms, you should cease using the Sites immediately. If you use our services, you will also be bound by the relevant parts of our Terms & Conditions
We reserve the right to change these Site Terms at any time, without notice to you, by posting changes online. You are responsible for regularly reviewing information posted online to obtain timely notice of such changes. Your continued use of the Sites after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the amended Site Terms.
You are responsible for all access to the Sites through your Internet connection and for bringing these Site Terms to the attention of all such persons.
You shall not in any way use the Sites or submit to us or to the Sites or to any user of the Sites anything which in any respect:
is in breach of any law, statute, regulation or byelaw of any applicable jurisdiction;
is fraudulent, criminal or unlawful;
is inaccurate or out-of-date;
may be obscene, indecent, pornographic, vulgar, profane, racist, sexist, discriminatory, offensive, derogatory, harmful, harassing, threatening, embarrassing, malicious, abusive, hateful, menacing, defamatory, untrue or political;
impersonates any other person or body or misrepresents a relationship with any person or body;
may infringe or breach the copyright or any intellectual property rights (including without limitation copyright, trade mark rights and broadcasting rights) or privacy or other rights of us or any third party;
may be contrary to our interests;
is contrary to any specific rule or requirement that we stipulate on the Sites in relation to a particular part of the Sites or the Sites generally; or
involves your use, delivery or transmission of any viruses, unsolicited emails, trojan horses, trap doors, back doors, easter eggs, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or computer programming routines that are intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or personal information.
You hereby grant to us an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, sub-licensable licence to use any material which you submit to us or the Sites for the purpose of use on the Sites or for generally marketing (by any means and in any media) our services. You agree that you waive your moral rights to be identified as the author and we may modify your submission.
You agree to comply at all times with any instructions for use of the Sites which we make from time to time.
You shall fully and promptly indemnify us against all damages, proceedings, claims, demands, liabilities, losses, charges, costs and expenses which we may suffer or incur as a result (direct or indirect) of any breach by you of any obligation on you under these Site Terms.
2. Availability of the Sites, Security and Accuracy
Whilst we endeavour to make the Sites available 24 hours a day, we will not be liable if for any reason the Sites are unavailable at any time or for any period. We make no warranty that your access to the Sites will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free.
Due to the nature of the Internet, this cannot be guaranteed. In addition, we may occasionally need to carry out repairs, maintenance or introduce new facilities and functions.
Access to the Sites may be suspended or withdrawn to or from you personally or all users temporarily or permanently at any time and without notice. We may also impose restrictions on the length and manner of usage of any part of the Sites for any reason. If we impose restrictions on you personally, you must not attempt to use the Sites under any other name or user.
We do not warrant that the Sites will be compatible with all hardware and software which you may use. We shall not be liable for damage to, or viruses or other code that may affect, any computer equipment, software, data or other property as a result of your access to or use of the Sites or your obtaining any material from, or as a result of using, the Sites. We shall also not be liable for the actions of third parties.
We may change or update the Sites and anything described in it without notice to you.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that information and materials on the Sites are correct, no warranty or representation, express or implied, is given that they are complete, accurate, up-to-date, fit for a particular purpose and, to the extent permitted by law, we do not accept any liability for any errors or omissions. This shall not affect any obligation which we may have under any contract that we may have with you to provide you with services.
3. Our liability
We accept liability for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for our fraudulent misrepresentation or for any liability that we cannot exclude or limit at law. However, subject to that, to the extent permitted by law:
our maximum liability (whether in contract, tort, negligence, misrepresentation, restitution or under any legal head of liability) in relation to your use or inability in use or delay in use of the Sites or any material in it or accessible from it or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the Sites or any such material shall be the greater of £10 or any fees you have paid to us in using any service where we have incurred liability to you because of some term we have breached; and
we shall not have any liability (whether in contract, tort, negligence, misrepresentation, restitution or under any legal head of liability) in relation to your use or inability to use or delay in use of the Sites or any material in it or accessible from it or from any action or decision taken as a result of using the Sites or any such material for any:
a. indirect or consequential losses, damages, costs or expenses;
b. loss of actual or anticipated profits;
c. loss of contracts;
d. loss of use of money;
e. loss of anticipated savings;
f. loss of revenue;
g. loss of goodwill;
h. loss of reputation;
i. loss of business;
j. loss of operation time;
k. loss of opportunity;
l. loss of, damage to or corruption of, data; whether or not such losses were reasonably foreseeable or we had been advised of the possibility of you incurring such losses. For the avoidance of doubt, (b) to (l) apply whether such losses are direct, indirect, consequential or otherwise.
4. Use of Passwords
You may need to use a password for your access to, or enabling you to access, restricted areas of the Sites, in which case this Section of the Site Terms applies to you. You must at all times keep your password strictly confidential and secure. You must not choose a password which can be readily guessed. We may require that your password is changed from time to time.
You must not disclose or allow others to have access to your password without our prior permission, unless you are the authorised user or the authorised employee acting on behalf of the authorised user.
If you think you may have lost or allowed a third party to see or use your password, you must inform us immediately.
You shall be responsible for all use of the Sites made under your password.
5. Third Party Websites
Except for our other sites, we have no control over and accept no responsibility for the content of any site to which a link from the Sites exists (unless we are the provider of those linked sites). Such linked sites are provided 'as is' for your convenience only with no warranty, express or implied, for the information provided within them. We do not provide any endorsement or recommendation of any third party site to which the Sites provides a link.
You must not without our permission frame any of the Sites onto your own or another person's website.
We hereby grant to you a revocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free right to provide a link from your website to the home page of the Sites, provided that you do so in a fair and legal way without damaging our reputation or taking advantage of it. In particular:
you shall not make any warranties or representations about us, our services or our policies except with our prior express authorisation;
you shall not make any warranties or representations about us, our services or our policies except with our prior express authorisation;
you shall not say anything that is false, misleading, derogatory or offensive about us or our services or policies; and
you shall not suggest expressly or impliedly that we have endorsed your site or are associated with it where this is not the case.
6. Severability
If any of these terms should be determined to be illegal, invalid or otherwise unenforceable by reason of the laws of any state or country in which these terms are intended to be effective, then to the extent and within the jurisdiction which that term is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, it shall be severed and deleted and the remaining Site Terms shall survive, remain in full force and effect and continue to be binding and enforceable.
7. Jurisdiction
These Site Terms and your use of the Sites (and all non-contractual relationships arising out of or connected to it or them) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. You submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts to settle any dispute which may arise under these Site Terms.
Document last updated: 25/04/2018
Contents
Access
Availability, Security & Accuracy
Liability
Passwords
Third-party websites
Severability
Jurisdiction
© 1982 - 2020 Registration Transfers Limited. All rights reserved. Registered in England. Company registration number 03933658. 'Regtransfers', 'Reg transfers' and the Regtransfers logo are registered trade marks of Registration Transfers Limited.
Credit subject to status and affordability. Terms & Conditions apply (details). Registration Transfers Limited, trading as Regtransfers, is a credit broker authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Transfer House, 139 High Street South, Dunstable, Bedfordshire, LU6 3SS. Tel: 01582 967777 | Email us.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Return to the top of the page
We use cookies to collect some data when you use this website so it works better and is secure. Is that OK?
Privacy Policy Yes, OK