https://www.800florals.com/privacy.asp
Virtual Gifts
Reminders
In the case of any suspected illegal use of this web site, including
any attempted credit card transactions which may be fraudulent,
detailed visitor and customer information will be
provided to authorized financial institutions and law enforcement officials.
Otherwise, the following privacy and security policies apply:
This site uses
COOKIES to identify individual users' shopping selections. These cookies do NOT
collect or store any personal or private information and expire after a limited amount of time and/or when the user
closes his or her browser.
This is a SECURE site. Online orders are ENCRYPTED for PRIVACY using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology which
supports 128- to 256-bit encryption. Whenever you submit sensitive information through
this website, that information is encrypted and transmitted securely.
You can verify this by looking for "https" at the
beginning of the Web address on the page through which you submit such information.
This site does NOT collect, process, or store any credit card information.
All credit card transactions are handled
directly by a secure third-party payment processor.
We also protect your personal information
after it is received.
The computers on which we store such information (including names and email addresses) are kept in a secure environment.
Only select authorized employees who need such information to perform specific tasks (such as
order fulfillment and related services) have access to such information.
All information provided by visitors is treated
CONFIDENTIALLY and is used by us to fulfill customer orders, notify recipients
of "free virtual gifts" sent through our service, provide our free e-mail
reminders upon request to subscribers, respond to customer inquiries, improve our web site
and services, track advertising results, and communicate with those who have
purchased items or requested information from our company. Visitor information, including email addresses,
is NOT sold to, rented to, or shared with other parties for any purposes other
than normal order fulfillment and confidential site performance and sales
tracking.
If you place an order or request information through this site, we may contact you by phone or email to
serve you.
If you opt in for it, you may also receive occasional email from our company regarding new
products, special offers, or other news, but such marketing emails always include an easy way for you to
unsubscribe at any time.
If you have any questions or concerns, you may contact us by phone (1-800-356-7257) or
email to request information about what personal
information we may have about you, to have us correct or delete any private information about you, or to
express any concern you may have about our use of such information.
We respect our customers' privacy
and applaud efforts by others to uphold individual privacy and security on the Internet.
Close Window
800Florals Search
Romantic Roses
Mixed Bouquets
Seasonal Favorites
Discount Flowers
Blooming & Plants
Fruit & Goodies
Birthday Flowers
Love, Anniversary
Thinking of You
New Baby Gifts
Get Well Flowers
Congrats, Thanks
Funeral Flowers
Sympathy for Home
Return to Flowers Home Page
Review Your Shopping Cart
Currency Converter