http://www.lotusoils.co.nz/terms-and-condition
Closed 23 Dec. @ noon -10 Jan. No orders will be processed between these dates.
Welcome , click here to logout.
Welcome visitor, you can login or create an account.
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
RSS
0
×
Customer login
You must be logged in to add favorites.
Make your shopping experience easier by logging in with your existing account.
Username
Password
Login Reset my password
×
Register now
Registered users get access to features
such as order history and so much more!
First Name *
Last Name *
Email Address *
Username *
Password *
Confirm Password *
Prove you're not a robot *
Subscribe to: Newsletter List
Register
now
Menu
Oils
Our range of Essential Oils
Lotus Oils is a supplier of pure natural and organic products including 100%-pure Essential Oils.
Aniseed
Aroma Waters
Basil
Bay
Benzoin
Bergamot
Birch Tar
Cajeput
Camphor
Caraway
Cardamom
Carrier Oils
Carrot Seed
Cedarwood
Celery
Chamomile
Cinnamon Bark
Cinnamon Leaf
Citronella
Clary Sage
Clove Bud
Coconut Oil
Coffee (Roasted)
Coriander
Cumin
Cypress
Dill
Dilutions
Elemi
Eucalyptus
Fennel Sweet
Fir Needle
Fragrant Oils
Frankincense
Geranium
Ginger
Grapefruit
Helichrysum
Hemp Seed Oil
Hyssop
Jasmine
Juniper Berry
Kanuka
Laurel Leaf
Lavender Essential Oil
Lemon
Lemon Myrtle
Lemongrass
Lime
Mandarin
Manuka
Marjoram
Massage Blends
May Chang
Melissa
Myrrh
Myrtle
Natural Cosmetic Grade
Neem
Neroli
Niaouli
Nutmeg
Orange Sweet
Oregano
Organic Oils
Palmarosa
Parsley
Patchouli
Pepper Black
Peppermint
Petitgrain
Pine
Plai Oil
Ravensara Wild
Rose
Rose Geranium
Rosemary
Rosewood
Sage
Sandalwood
Soapmaking Oils
Spearmint
Spruce Black
Synergy Blends
Tagetes
Tangerine
Tea Tree
Testers
Thyme White
Vanilla
Vetiver
Violet Absolute
Wintergreen
Yarrow
Ylang Ylang
Body Care
Our range of Body Care products
Choose from the catalogs below.
Bath Salts
Body Cleansers
Clays
Face Care
Hair Care
Skin Care
Raw Materials
Browse through our range of Raw Materials
We have an extensive range of raw materials you can use to make your own products.
Additives
Aloe Vera
Bee Products
Butters
Dried Flowers
Emulsifiers, Waxes and Gums
Herbal Extracts
Preservatives
Salts, Crystals and Powders
Soap Colour and Mica
Soapmaking
Tinctures, Gums and Resinoids
Accessories
Browse through our range of accessories
Here are our accessories.
Bags
Books
Bottles
Burners
Candles
Jars
Lids
Miscellaneous
Oil Boxes
Organic
Our range of Organic products
Choose from the catalogs below.
Organic Body care
Organic Carrier Oils
Organic Essential Oils
Organic Raw Materials
Special
New Products
Gifts
Clearance
Quick Links
Recipes
About Us
Blog
Contact
News
Wholesale
Stockists
My Account
FAQs
RecipesAbout UsBlogContactNewsWholesaleStockistsMy AccountFAQs
Terms and Conditions of Use
Introduction
The Website Owner, including subsidiaries and affiliates ("Website" or "Website Owner" or "we" or "us" or "our") provides the information
contained on this website or any of the pages comprising the website ("website") to visitors ("visitors") (cumulatively referred to as
"you" or "your" hereinafter) subject to the terms and conditions set out in these website terms and conditions, the privacy policy and
any other relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices which may be applicable to a specific section or module of this website.
Information on the Website
Whilst every effort is made to update the information contained on this website, neither the Website Owner nor any third party or data
or content provider make any representations or warranties, whether express, implied in law or residual, as to the sequence, accuracy,
completeness or reliability of information, opinions, any share price information, research information, data and/or content contained
on the website (including but not limited to any information which may be provided by any third party or data or content providers) ("information")
and shall not be bound in any manner by any information contained on the website. the Website Owner reserves the right at any time to change
or discontinue without notice, any aspect or feature of this website. No information shall be construed as advice and information is offered
for information purposes only and is not intended for trading purposes. You and your company rely on the information contained on this
website at your own risk. If you find an error or omission at this site, please let us know.
Trade Marks
The trade marks, names, logos and service marks (collectively "trade marks") displayed on this website are registered and unregistered
trade marks of the Website Owner. Nothing contained on this website should be construed as granting any licence or right to use any trade
mark without the prior written permission of the Website Owner.
External Links
External links may be provided for your convenience, but they are beyond the control of the Website Owner and no representation is made
as to their content. Use or reliance on any external links and the content thereon provided is at your own risk. When visiting external
links you must refer to that external websites terms and conditions of use. No hypertext links shall be created from any website controlled
by you or otherwise to this website without the express prior written permission of the Website Owner. Please contact us if you would like
to link to this website or would like to request a link to your website.
Public Forums and User Submissions
The Website Owner is not responsible for any material submitted to the public areas by you (which include bulletin boards, hosted pages,
chat rooms, or any other public area found on the website. Any material (whether submitted by you or any other user) is not endorsed, reviewed
or approved by the Website Owner. The Website Owner reserves the right to remove any material submitted or posted by you in the public
areas, without notice to you, if it becomes aware and determines, in its sole and absolute discretion that you are or there is the likelihood
that you may, including but not limited to:
5.1 defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the rights of other users or any third parties;
5.2 publish, post, distribute or disseminate any defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful material or information;
5.3 post or upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files or any other similar software or programmes that may damage
the operation of the Website Owner's and/or a third party's computer system and/or network;
5.4 violate any copyright, trade mark, other applicable New Zealand or international laws or intellectual property rights
of the Website Owner or any other third party;
5.5 submit contents containing marketing or promotional material which is intended to solicit business.
Specific Use
You further agree not to use the website to send or post any message or material that is unlawful, harassing, defamatory, abusive, indecent,
threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, sexually orientated, racially offensive, profane, pornographic or violates any applicable law and
you hereby indemnify the Website Owner against any loss, liability, damage or expense of whatever nature which the Website Owner or any
third party may suffer which is caused by or attributable to, whether directly or indirectly, your use of the website to send or post any
such message or material.
Warranties
The Website Owner makes no warranties, representations, statements or guarantees (whether express, implied in law or residual) regarding
the website, the information contained on the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted
over our system.
Disclaimer of Liability.
The Website Owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or
consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company),
as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on
the website, your or your company's personal information or material and information transmitted over our system. In particular, neither
the Website Owner nor any third party or data or content provider shall be liable in any way to you or to any other person, firm or corporation
whatsoever for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever arising
from any delays, inaccuracies, errors in, or omission of any share price information or the transmission thereof, or for any actions taken
in reliance thereon or occasioned thereby or by reason of non-performance or interruption, or termination thereof.
Use of the Website.
The Website Owner does not make any warranty or representation that information on the website is appropriate for use in any jurisdiction
(other than New Zealand). By accessing the website, you warrant and represent to the Website Owner that you are legally entitled to do
so and to make use of information made available via the website.
General
10.1 Entire Agreement.
These website terms and conditions constitute the sole record of the agreement between you and the Website Owner in relation to your use
of the website. Neither you nor the Website Owner shall be bound by any express tacit or implied representation, warranty, promise or the
like not recorded herein. Unless otherwise specifically stated these website terms and conditions supersede and replace all prior commitments,
undertakings or representations, whether written or oral, between you and the Website Owner in respect of your use of the website.
10.2 Alteration.
the Website Owner may at any time modify any relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices. You acknowledge that by visiting the
website from time to time, you shall become bound to the current version of the relevant terms and conditions (the "current version") and,
unless stated in the current version, all previous versions shall be superseded by the current version. You shall be responsible for reviewing
the then current version each time you visit the website.
10.3 Conflict.
Where any conflict or contradiction appears between the provisions of these website terms and conditions and any other relevant terms
and conditions, policies or notices, the other relevant terms and conditions, policies or notices which relate specifically to a particular
section or module of the website shall prevail in respect of your use of the relevant section or module of the website.
10.4 Waiver.
No indulgence or extension of time which either you or the Website Owner may grant to the other will constitute a waiver of or, whether
by estoppel or otherwise, limit any of the existing or future rights of the grantor in terms hereof, save in the event or to the extent
that the grantor has signed a written document expressly waiving or limiting such rights.
10.5 Cession.
The Website Owner shall be entitled to cede, assign and delegate all or any of its rights and obligations in terms of any relevant terms
and conditions, policies and notices to any third party.
10.6 Severability.
All provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices are, notwithstanding the manner in which they have been grouped
together or linked grammatically, severable from each other. Any provision of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices,
which is or becomes unenforceable in any jurisdiction, whether due to voidness, invalidity, illegality, unlawfulness or for any reason
whatever, shall, in such jurisdiction only and only to the extent that it is so unenforceable, be treated as pro non scripto and the remaining
provisions of any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall remain in full force and effect.
10.7 Applicable laws.
Any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand
without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the High Court of New Zealand
in respect of any disputes arising in connection with the website, or any relevant terms and conditions, policies and notices or any matter
related to or in connection therewith.
10.8 Comments or Questions.
If you have any questions, comments or concerns arising from the website, the privacy policy or any other relevant terms and conditions,
policies and notices or the way in which we are handling your personal information please contact us.
Quick Links
Recipes
About Us
Blog
Contact
News
Wholesale
Stockists
My Account
FAQs
My account
Login / Register
Shop
Shop
Pay with confidence
From the blog
Beeswax Food Wraps 7/09/2019
Natural Clays 3/26/2019
Natural Spring Cleaning 11/22/2018
Newsletter subscription
Sign up to receive discounts & sale events!
* indicates required
Email Address
*
First Name
*
Socialize with us
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
RSS
© 2007 -
Lotus Oils · Terms & Conditions · Privacy policy · All Rights Reserved.
Web Mechanics
×
You are now subscribed to our newsletter
All the latest deals and offers will be making their way to your inbox shortly!
Close