http://www.rogersfarms.com/privacy
Privacy PolicyYour privacy is important to us.
As an eCommerce website, we require some personal information in order to provide a service to you.However, we don’t ask for this information unless we truly need it.It is Crockett Farms, Inc.'s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
from you across our website, https://crockettfarms.com.
Personal InformationWe may ask you for personal information, such as:Your nameEmail addressAge / date of birthSocial media profile/sContact details, andPayment detailsThis information is used for the purposes of: providing you with products and servicesproviding you with information about our products and services
managing and improving our products, services, quality control, administration, communication and internal processes
personalising and customising your experience with usverifying your identitygranting you access to your account with usinvestigating any enquiries or complaints submitted by or about you; and/orcomplying with regulatory or legal obligations
You are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
We do not share your personal information with third-parties, except where required by law, to protect our own rights, or to provide a service to you.We will only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with a service.Cookies
We use "cookies" to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit so we can understand how you use our site and serve you content based on preferences you have specified.
If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired service without them. This policy covers only the use of cookies between your computer and our website; it does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.Third-Party ServicesWe employ third-party services for our:Website analytics, andPayment processing (checkout)
These third parties have access to selected personal information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf or to improve the relevance of information presented to you. We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours.Security
We take security seriously, and do what we can within commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee the absolute security of your data.Links to Other Sites
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot assume responsibility for their treatment of your personal information. This privacy policy only covers our website and privacy practices.Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect or store personal information from children (visitors under the age of 13). If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, we encourage you to contact us immediately, and we will do our best to delete the data as quickly as possible.Changes to our Privacy Policy
At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy from time to time. Any changes will be reflected here, so we encourage you to visit this page regularly. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.Business Transfers
If we or our assets are acquired, or in the unlikely event that we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, we would include user information among our assets transferred to or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any parties who acquire us may continue to use your personal information according to this policy.