http://www.dancestore.com/pages/privacy-policy
Cart: 0 Items
Login
or
Create an Account
Menu
NEW ARRIVALS
WOMEN'S DANCE SHOES
MEN'S DANCE SHOES
DANCE APPAREL
SALE
Account Links
Login
Create an Account
NEW ARRIVALS
WOMEN'S DANCE SHOES
MEN'S DANCE SHOES
DANCE APPAREL
SALE
NEW ARRIVALS
WOMEN'S DANCE SHOES
MEN'S DANCE SHOES
DANCE APPAREL
SALE
Account Links
Login
Create an Account
Privacy Policy
TO SUM IT ALL UP:
We will never rent, share or sell your name, phone number, email address, street address, or anything about you with anyone.
We will only use your email address to send you confirmations on your order(s). We will also email you if you purchased an item that is backordered or if there are any other problems with your order.
If you sign up to be on our email list, we will periodically send you emails about unadvertised sales, discount coupons, and when new products are released. At the bottom of each email is an unsubscribe option. Unsubscribing will remove your name from our list and you will not be emailed again unless you re-order from us and we send you another confirmation email, or you opt to re-subscribe to our email list.
Special Notice For Pennsylvania Customers:
Pennsylvania sales or use tax may be due in connection with the purchase and delivery of tangible personal property to Pennsylvania individuals and businesses.
Pennsylvania requires the purchaser to file a use tax return if tax is due and the tax was not collected by the seller. Please visit this link to learn more about your use tax obligations under Pennsylvania law.
The seller to which you are being referred may or may not collect and remit sales tax. If the seller to whom you are being referred does not collect sales tax, the seller may be required to provide information to you and the Pennsylvania Department of Revenue about the purchase and the potential use tax liability.This notice is required pursuant to the provisions of the Tax Reform Code of 1971. 72 P.S. § 7213.2.
Sales or use tax may be imposed by the Commonwealth on this transaction.
The remote seller may be required to make the election required by 72 P.S. § 7213.1(A).
Please visit Marketplace Sales guidance to learn more about your sales and use tax obligations under Pennsylvania law.
We take your privacy very seriously!
***Note: We are required to state everything below. We did not make it up and the only information we collect from you is because of the shopping cart we are using. Despite what it says below we do not send out random emails - you must be signed up on our email list to receive anything after we are through with your order.***
SECURITY POLICY
Entering this Site constitutes your acceptance and agreement to all terms contained in this Privacy and Security Policy. If you do not agree with the terms set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy, please do not enter this Site.
Dalmatian Corporation - Dancestore (“Dancestore.com,” “Dancestore,” “we,” “us,” or “our” as appropriate) has created the following Privacy and Security Policy to let you know what information we collect, why we collect it and to whom it may be disclosed.
This Privacy and Security Policy applies to http://www.dancestore.com (the “Site”).
This Privacy and Security Policy also addresses our data security practices and the options you have to access and control personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information.
We may periodically make changes to this Privacy and Security Policy.
It is your responsibility to review this Privacy and Security Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.
This Privacy and Security Policy supersedes any and all previous versions.
INFORMATION WE COLLECTPersonally Identifiable Information:
The term "personally identifiable information" means information that you voluntarily provide to us and which personally identifies you, such as your name, phone number, physical address, and any other data or information that would allow someone to personally identify you.
To make a purchase, we require you to supply us with personally identifiable information. If you supply us with personally identifiable information, you may later access, update, and modify any inaccuracies.
Please note, we generally keep a copy of the previous personally identifiable information for our records. If you would like to review or change your personally identifiable information, you may do so at any time by accessing your account through the Account Login link located on the left navigation of each page.
You may also choose not to provide personally identifiable information at the point of collection; however, you will not be able to purchase products.
In some areas of this Site, you may have the ability to post or publish personally identifiable information. You should take care and avoid posting or publishing personally identifiable information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
The term “non-personally identifiable information” means information that you voluntarily provide to us or which we collect electronically, but which does not personally identify you.
To register for an account, we require you to supply us with your email address. Your email address does not personally identify you, but is a means for us to contact you. You may later access, update and modify any inaccuracies by accessing your account through the Account Login link located on the left navigation of each page.
Please note, we generally keep a copy of your previous email address(es) for our records.
You may also choose not to provide us with your email address; however, you will not be able to create an account or purchase products online.
Whenever you visit this Site, non-personally identifiable information, such as navigational and clickstream data is automatically collected.
As you browse, we may install cookies (tiny text files stored on your computer, which record your preferences) in your browser. Cookies cannot harm your computer and they do not contain any personally identifiable information. You must accept cookies to shop through this Site.
You can erase or block cookies from your computer if you want to (your help screen or manual should tell you how to do this), but this Site may not work correctly or at all if you set your browser not to accept cookies.
WHY WE COLLECT INFORMATIONPersonally Identifiable Information:
We collect personally identifiable information in order to supply you with the products or services you request, process payment, communicate with you and comply with any requirements of law.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
We collect non-personally identifiable information in order to operate, develop and improve this Site, their functionality and our products and services.
We collect non-personally identifiable information in order to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through this Site.
Non-personally identifiable information is collected in the aggregate to, among other things, determine the total number of users of this Site, prepare utilization reports, diagnose and correct compatibility problems or other problems with this Site and perform statistical analyses to enable us to build a higher quality, more useful online service.
We also collect non-personally identifiable information to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various aspects of this Site. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like user preferences, popular search categories, click-through rates, what kinds of offers users like to see and in general, how to improve the functionality and relevancy of this Site.
DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATIONPersonally Identifiable Information:
We do not sell or rent personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of this Site.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to trusted third parties whom we engage to process your personally identifiable information for us.
We may disclose personally identifiable information if necessary to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on us or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of this Site or the public.
We may disclose personally identifiable information with other companies and organizations for fraud and credit risk purposes.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to make you aware of the disclosure of your personally identifiable information contrary to the terms set forth in this Privacy and Security Policy – if, for example, we discover a security breach.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
We do not sell or rent non-personally identifiable information to third parties.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transaction, the delivery of your order, and the analysis and support of your use of this Site.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to trusted third parties whom we have engaged to process non-personally identifiable information for us.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information, if necessary, to protect our legal rights, if the information relates to actual or threatened harmful conduct, or we have good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the requirements of law or comply with governmental orders, court orders, or legal process served on us, or (2) to protect and defend our property or other rights, the users of this Site, or the public.
We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to our affiliates and third parties in order to provide you with personalized recommendations for products advertised on or sold through this Site.
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING
We may engage third party advertising companies to advertise products or services to you online. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. They may also use this technology to serve specialized or relevant advertising content and/or recommendations to you on this Site or on a third party’s website.
Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous and does not contain any personally identifiable information.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We offer secure web pages to collect certain kinds of user information and we store certain kinds of data in encrypted form.
We follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of data stored on our system.
While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures implemented by our Site reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.
Our servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and encryption technology that works with Netscape Navigator, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, and AOL's browser, with the objective that only we can read a customer's personally identifiable information.
We employ physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of any personally identifiable information.
LENGTH OF TIME WE KEEP INFORMATION
We generally keep user data on our server or in our archives for as long as we reasonably need it (for instance, for taxation or insurance purposes, or in case orders may give rise to claims). We do not store your credit/debit card information.
We may alter this practice according to changing requirements. For example, we may delete some data, if needed, to free up storage space. We may keep other data for longer periods if the law requires it.
In addition, information posted in a public forum could stay in the public domain indefinitely.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITE
This Site may contain links to third party website.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such website even if you access those using links from our Site.
Your use of these third party website is entirely at your own risk and we recommend that you check the privacy and security policy of each website you visit.
Clicking on a third party link will essentially take you to a third party’s website.
We make no representation or warranty as to the effectiveness, quality, legitimacy or data protections of any third party website.
EMAIL COMMUNICATIONS
From time to time, we may send non-commercial electronic mail messages to your email account.
In addition, we regularly send email order confirmations and email order updates to you after you have submitted an order.
IF YOU HAVE A PRIVACY QUESTIONIf you have a privacy question about this Site, or about the Privacy and Security Policy, please click here to contact us.Or write to us at:
Dalmatian Corporation619 Ridgely Ave.Annapolis, Maryland 21401USA
We will investigate your question, respond to your inquiry and attempt to resolve any concern regarding your privacy question.