http://www.geolsoc.org.uk/policy_statements
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to give you the best user experience.  You have disabled cookies which will render many features of the GSL website unusable. To change your cookie settings, select the option below and follow the instructions. These instructions are also obtainable from the privacy & cookies link at the bottom of any GSL page.
This website uses cookies to give you the best user experience. If you continue without changing your settings we'll assume you are happy to receive all GSL cookies. To change your cookie settings, select the option below and follow the instructions. These instructions are also obtainable from the privacy & cookies link at the bottom of any GSL page.
Find out more
Product has been added to the basket
MyGSL help
Support us
The Geological Society
LOGIN
Basket: No items. Total £ 0.00  View
Membership &Chartership
Publications
Library & InformationServices
Events
Education &Careers
Outreach &Policy
GeoscientistOnline
Groups &Networks
About us
MEMBERSHIP & CHARTERSHIP
The Geological Society offers grades of membership for every stage of your career, from student to retirement. Find out about the benefits of membership, and how we can help you achieve and maintain Chartered status.
Join the Society
Fees
Already a Member?
Benefits
Renew your Fellowship
Renewal FAQs
Get involved
Update your details
Fellowship Code of Conduct
Fellowship Directory
Chartership and professional
Information for Applicants
Information for Scrutineers
Information for Sponsors
Mentoring
Post-Chartership qualifications
Chartership FAQs
CPD scheme
Accredited CPD and training course listings
CPD help and guidance
Fellowship Strategy
Partner with us
Corporate Patrons
Associated Societies
Accreditation of Company Training Schemes
Professional Registers
PUBLICATIONS
Information about the Geological Society’s internationally acclaimed books and journals for authors, editors, librarians and readers. Order publications, find out about the Lyell Collection and read guidelines for preparing a paper or submitting a book proposal.
Bookshop
New publications
Sale and special offers
Titles coming soon
Geo gifts
Bookshop help
Lyell Collection
What does it include?
Using the Lyell Collection
Access and subscription prices
Access for Fellows
Geofacets
Online First
Online journal alerts
Sponsors
Lyell Collection FAQs
Contact us
Testimonials
Online Archives
Information for libraries
Catalogues
Geofacets-GSL Millennium Edition
Journals
Online journal access
Journal of the Geological Society
Quarterly Journal of Engineering Geology and Hydrogeology
Petroleum Geoscience
Geochemistry Exploration Environment Analysis
Scottish Journal of Geology
Proceedings of the Yorkshire Geological Society
Earth Science, Systems and Society
Journal of Micropalaeontology
Geology Today
Transactions of the Geological Society
Transactions of the Edinburgh Geological Society
Transactions of the Geological Society of Glasgow
Publication metrics
Contact us
Books
How to propose a volume
Special Publications
Engineering Geology Special Publications
Memoirs
'Geology Of...' Series
Petroleum Geology Conference Proceedings
Other books
IAVCEI Special Publications
TMS Special Publications
International agents and distributors
Review copies
Contact us
Permissions
Open Access Publishing
Instructions for authors
Top tips
Guidelines for reviewers
Supplementary Publications
Publishing policies
LIBRARY
Discover and access geoscience information resources via one of the world’s premier Earth science libraries. Search our collection of printed books, maps and journals, e-resources, bibliographic databases and archives.
Library Catalogue
Virtual Library
E-journals
E-books
E-maps
Visiting the Library
Library services
Loans
Document delivery
Literature searches
Inter-library loans
The Map Room
Archives & Special Collections
Support our collections
Picture Library
Online exhibitions
Library Events
Burlington House Bookshop
Library Strategy 2017 - 2026
2020 Library review
Library FAQs
EVENTS
Search the events calendar for forthcoming conferences and events, and view past meeting resources. Enquire about room hire and conference facilities at Burlington House.
Virtual events
Events calendar
Society events
CPD events
Public Lectures 2021
2020 Year of Life
Past meeting resources
Venue hire
Virtual tour
Enquiry form
Meeting proposals
Meeting categories
Meeting publications
Timing a proposal
Submitting a proposal
EDUCATION & CAREERS
Information and resources for teachers and students from
primary education onwards; for those making careers choices
after A-levels including undergraduate and further degrees
at university; and for those seeking professional
geosciences training or exploring lifelong learning
opportunities.
Schools
Geology at school
Primary Science: Terrific Scientific
Geoscience Education Academy
Schools Affiliate Scheme
Junior memberships
Geology STEM Ambassadors: school visits
Schools Geology Challenge
Teaching resources
Factsheets
Activities and presentations
Posters
Rock sets
Lesson plans
Field work resources
Fun Kids radio programmes
Microsite: The Rock Cycle
Microsite: Plate Tectonics
Universities
Geology at university
Accredited degrees and university departments
Teaching resources and organisations
University Geoscience UK
Education & Outreach Network
Grants and awards
GSL-ZEISS Scholarship
Early Career Geologist award
Careers information
Careers leaflets
Careers days
Microsite: Geology Career Pathways
Jobs
I'm an Earth Scientist
Lifelong learning
Endorsed training courses
OUTREACH & POLICY
Updates on outreach activities, information about how the geosciences interact with society, details of policy related meetings, consultation responses, and policy briefing notes.
Outreach
100 Great Geosites
Plate Tectonic Stories
100 Years of Female Fellows
Earth Science Week 2020
Policy
Expertise database
Geoscience and the EU Referendum
Geology for Society
Consultations
Policy briefing notes and statements
Critical issues in geology
GEOSCIENTIST
Geoscientist is the Fellowship magazine of the Geological Society: with news about science, people, the Society, features, reviews, opinion, letters and forthcoming events.  All this, and more, can be found sooner here, in our online version.
December 2020
About Geoscientist
Advertisement and subscription rates
Information for authors
Previous issues
Search articles
Letters
Books and arts
2020 book reviews
Books available for review
Instructions for reviewers and publishers
GROUPS & NETWORKS
Information on our Specialist and Regional groups, Joint Associations and Networks. Keep up to date with activities, news and events and find out how Fellows can get involved.
Commissions
Joint Committee for Palaeontology
Stratigraphy Commission
Higher Education Network
Environment Network
Early Career Network
International Groups
Specialist Groups
British Geophysical Association
British Sedimentological Research Group
British Society for Geomorphology
Contaminated Land Group
Earth System Science Group
Energy Group
Engineering Group
Forensic Geoscience Group
Geochemistry Group
Geological Curators' Group
Geological Society Discussion Group
Specialist Groups Cont.
Geological Remote Sensing Group
Geoscience Information Group
History of Geology Group
Hydrogeological Group
Marine Studies Group
Metamorphic Studies Group
Mineral Deposits Studies Group
Near Surface Geophysics Group
Quaternary Research Association
Tectonic Studies Group
Volcanic and Magmatic Studies Group
Regional Groups
Central Scotland
East Anglian
East Midlands
Home Counties North
Hong Kong
North West
Northern
Northern Ireland
Solent
South East
South West
Southern Wales
Thames Valley
West Midlands
Western
Yorkshire
Save
ABOUT US
The Geological Society of London is the UK's national society for geoscience, providing support to over 12,000 members in the UK and overseas. Founded in 1807, we are the oldest geological society in the world.
Contact us
History
Index of obituaries, 1828 to date
Obituaries 2001 onwards
Visiting the William Smith Map
Awards, grants and bursaries
Society awards
Research grants
Bursaries
Honorary Fellows
Governance
Council
Council elections 2021
Reporting committees
AGMs and OGMs
Annual summaries
Diversity in the geosciences
Themed years
Support us
Working for the Society
Burlington House jobs
Publishing House jobs
Staff
Equal Opportunities Statement
Policies
Use of logos and images
Email newsletters
Press Office
FAQs
Accessibility
Professional standards
Partner with us
Privacy notice
Home > Outreach & Policy > Policy briefing notes and statements
Outreach & Policy
Outreach
100 Years of Female Fellows
Earth Science Week 2020
Policy
Geoscience and the EU Referendum
Geology for Society
Consultations
Policy briefing notes and statements
Geological Disposal of Radioactive Waste
The Role of Geoscience in Decarbonisation
Statement on the US Executive Order
AGI Professional Ethics Guidelines
Implementing Geological Disposal
Independent Review Panel - Call for volunteers
Learned Societies' Climate Communiqué - COP21
Statement following Government Announcements on Shale Gas
Earthquakes: prediction, forecasting and mitigation
Proposal to construct a waste pipeline near Siccar Point, Berwickshire
Shale Gas
Rare Earth Elements
Climate change: evidence from the geological record
Relocation of BGS Core Store
"Young Earth Creationism", "Creation Science" and "Intelligent Design"
Briefing notes on the value and changes to A level Geology
Managing Radioactive Waste Safely
Statement on the Value of Museums and Collections
How the Geological Society agrees its public statements
Critical issues in geology
Policy briefing notes and statements
Briefing note on the geological disposal of radioactive waste
The implementation of geological disposal of radioactive waste has been the UK Government’s adopted policy since 2008. This briefing note outlines the ways in which geological expertise and geologists are essential for the disposal of radioactive waste.
Briefing note on responsible investing in natural resources
What constitutes responsible investment in the extractive sector? This briefing note explores how it might be verified and quantified, identifies drivers and barriers to achieving it, and proposes actions to support and stimulate its implementation.
Briefing note on the role of geoscience in decarbonisation
This briefing note outlines the main scientific, regulatory and communication challenges facing the decarbonisation of electricity generation, heat, transport and other industries.
Briefing note on geology and the UN Sustainable Development Goals
This briefing note covers the ways in which geological science is critical the delivery of many of the UN Sustainable Development Goals. The note was produced jointly between the Geological Society, the British Geological Survey and Geology for Global Development.
Briefing note on the value and changes to A level Geology
The Geological Society's briefing note on the value of teaching A level Geology in secondary schools and 6th form colleges, and an explanation of the changes made since the subject's reform in 2016.
Statement on the US Executive Order
The Geological Society's statement on the US Executive Order and its impact on the geoscience and international communities.
Statement on the Value of Museums and Collections
This statement highlights the benefits and contributions that museums and collections, particularly local and regional institutions, make to Society through their use in research, education, preservation of UK heritage and public outreach.
Learned Societies' Climate Communiqué
In the run up to the United Nations Climate Change Conference COP 21, held from 30 November to 12 December 2015, 24 of the UK's foremost academic institutions, including the Geological Society published a joint Climate Communiqué calling on national governments to take immediate action if they want to avert the serious risks posed by climate change.
American Geosciences Institute Guidelines for Ethical Professional Conduct
These guidelines address common ethical topics across the geoscience community. Council agreed that the Society should be a signatory to this statement on 17 June 2015.
Implementing Geological Disposal: A Framework for the long-term management of higher activity radioactive waste
The UK government has published a White Paper following a review of the siting process for a geological disposal facility for radioactive waste.
The Geological Society has issued a short statement on the White Paper.
The Geological Society Science Strategy: April 2014
Read the Society's Strategy and Delivery Plan.
Geological Society statement following Government announcements on shale gas
The Geological Society have prepared a statement following the Government announcements on shale gas.
Earthquakes: prediction, forecasting and mitigation
Can we predict earthquakes? The Geological Society have prepared a briefing note on the prediction, forecasting and mitigation of earthquakes.
Proposal to construct a waste pipeline near Siccar Point
The Geological Society have prepared a statement on the proposed construction of a waste pipeline near to Siccar Point, Berwickshire.
Shale Gas
The Geological Society have prepared a briefing note following the Shale Gas meeting on 18 June 2012. It provides detail on the geoscience relating to shale gas and its extraction. Recordings of the talks and other materials relating to the meeting are available at www.geolsoc.org.uk/shalegas.
Rare earth elements briefing
The Society have prepared a briefing note which explores the properties, occurrence, extraction, supply and uses of REE. Our focus is on their geological aspects, and the relationship between these and other scientific, economic and political considerations.
Climate change statement
The Society have released a statement on climate change, intended both for Fellows and non-specialists, based on geological evidence of how the climate has changed in the past, to inform our understanding of how it may change in future.
Relocation of BGS Core Store
A number of Fellows expressed concern about the decision of the British Geological Survey to relocate core and cuttings to Keyworth, Nottinghamshire. The minutes of the Council discussion and the summary of the Petroleum Group Committee advice are available to download here.
Young Earth Creationism Creation Science and Intelligent Design
In 2008, the Society prepared a statement outlining its position in regards to the above belief systems. This Society upholds the right of freedom of belief for all. The freedom scientists enjoy to investigate the nature and history of the Earth is the same freedom that allows individuals to believe - or not - in a deity.
Managing Radioactive Waste Safely
Since 2006, the Geological Society has undertaken various activities to help inform the Managing Radioactive Waste Safely (MRWS) programme, as part of our work in providing advice on matters of 'science for policy'.
How the Geological Society agrees its public statements
Procedures for generating and signing off consultation responses and other public statements.
Quick LinksJoin the SocietyAlready a Member?BookshopLyell CollectionEventsLibrary CatalogueThe GSL Fellowship DirectoryPodcastsGeoscientist OnlineCPD ReportingVenue hire: The Geological Society of London, Burlington HouseContact usFAQsWebsite AccessibilityTerms and ConditionsPrivacy and cookiesSite map© 2012 The Geological Society of London, registered charity, number: 210161