https://www.accessabledesigns.com/privacy-policy-2/
I am Allen Garrett, Owner and President of Access-Able Designs, Inc. Approximately 34 years ago a 25 foot swan dive into 2 feet of water caused me to see life from a drastically different point of view. Upon impact, my head was skeletally disconnected from my torso and I literally crushed three vertebrae in my neck (C-5, C-6 and C-7).
Read More
+ (877) 853-7816
a.garrett@accessabledesigns.com
8515 Waco Way, Vero Beach, FL 32968
Follow Us On Instagram
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site, this notice discloses the privacy practices for AccessAbleDesigns.com.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
AccessAbleDesigns.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via phone, email, website order, or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We ordering with AccessAbleDesigns.com either online, on the phone or in person, we request information from you on our order form. To purchase from AccessAbleDesigns.com, you must provide the following;
Contact information, including name, shipping address, phone number, email address,
and financial information, such as credit card number, expiration date, and billing address.
This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order.
We will use your information to process your order or to respond to a customer service related issue.  If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use your information to contact you. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, as it relates to processing your order, shipping your order and/or installing your order.
We use 3rd party companies to ship your order and process your credit card.  These companies do not hold, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes beyond filling your order. We partner with third parties to provide product installation services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. You may opt out of future contact from us at any time.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information, such as credit card data, that information is encrypted and transmitted to us via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. Thirty days after your order is placed, your credit card information is automatically deleted from our database.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job, such as billing or customer service are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to login a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site. However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at admin@AccessAbleDesigns.com.