http://www.persimmongolf.co.uk/pages/terms-conditions
Skip to content
Home
Products
More
T-Classic Drivers
V-Classic Fairway Woods
P3 Putter
Specials
About
More
Contact
Delivery & Returns
FAQs
Our History
Our Team
Performance
Testimonials
Blog
Search
Search our store
Search
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Unused goods
Persimmon Golf is committed to quality and customer satisfaction. In the event that you are not satisfied with any club purchased from us, you have the right to cancel your order within a period of seven days of receipt of the goods without giving a reason. Items must be in NEW and UNUSED condition and will be inspected prior to credit being issued.
Please note the customer is responsible for the cost of return postage to us. If you choose to return any product you must ensure that it is properly packaged (preferably in original packing). It is your responsibility to ensure that the product reaches us undamaged. If you do not pay for the cost of return then we may deduct the cost of retrieving the goods from any refund due to you in respect of the order.
Refunds will be issued within fourteen days from the date we receive the returned goods.
NOTE: Our returns policy under this section is restricted to clubs that conform to our standard specification, and excludes all clubs of a non standard nature, i.e. orders that have been subject to any length adjustment or fitted with a non standard shaft.
Faulty or Incorrect goods
If the goods you receive are faulty please return them to us in their original condition within seven days and we will replace them or refund the cost of the goods and carriage.
If the goods you receive are not what you ordered please return them to us in their original condition within seven days and we will either replace with the goods you ordered or refund the cost of the goods and carriage.
Damage in Transit
Any claim arising from damage in transit must be made to Persimmon Golf within seven days of receipt of the goods. Please check the contents immediately upon receipt before signing for them. Goods seen to be damaged should be signed 'Damaged in transit' and packaged materials should be preserved for inspection.
Sending back a product
Please contact us before despatch for an authorised returns number. Send your unused or faulty product(s) to the address below with the returns number and a covering note explaining what action you would like us to take (e.g. refund or replace). Returns Address: Maerdy House, Taliaris, Llandeilo, Carmarthenshire, SA19 7DA.