https://www.onlinegolf.co.uk/customer-services/privacy-policy.html
Buy
Christmas
New In
Golf Clubs
Woods
Drivers
Fairway Woods
Hybrids
Irons & Sets
Sets of Irons
Wedges
Package sets
Single Irons
Chippers
Putters
Putters
Other Ranges
Left Hand Golf Clubs
Ladies Golf Clubs
Junior & Children's Golf Clubs
View all Golf Clubs
Golf Clubs Overview
Clothing & Shoes
Golf Shoes
Shoes
Spikeless Golf Shoes
Spiked Golf Shoes
Men's Golf Shoes
Ladies Golf Shoes
Layering
Polo Shirts
Sweaters
Jackets
Windshirts
Base Layers
Outerwear
Trousers
Shorts
Waterproofs
Accessories & Ranges
Hats, Caps & Visors
Socks
Shoe bags & accessories
Belts & Accessories
Autumn Winter
Ladies Golf Clothing
Junior Golf Clothing
View all Clothing & Shoes
Clothing & Shoes Overview
GPS, Bags & Equipment
Golf GPS
All Golf GPS
GPS watches
GPS
Rangefinders
Golf Bags
All Golf bags
Carry/Stand Bags
Trolley/Cart bags
Pencil bags
Tour bags
Travel bags
Golf luggage
Golf Trolleys
All Golf trolleys
Push/pull trolleys
Electric trolleys
Accessories
Trolley accessories
Bag accessories
GPS Accessories
View all GPS, Bags & Equipment
GPS, Bags & Equipment Overview
Balls & Accessories
Golf Balls & Gloves
Golf balls
Practice bags & balls
Golf gloves
Tees & Accessories
Tees
Umbrellas
Ball retrievers
Score trackers
Health
Gifts
Training
Mats & nets
Training aids
Shot / Swing Trackers
Maintenance
Grips
Towels
Head covers
Cleaning products
Pitchmark repairers
View all Balls & Accessories
Balls & Accessories Overview
Ladies Golf
Clubs
Ladies Golf Clubs
Equipment
Ladies Gloves
Ladies Golf Bags
Ladies Golf Balls
Clothing
Ladies Headwear & Belts
Ladies Polos & Baselayers
Ladies Shorts & Skorts
Ladies Trousers
Ladies Waterproofs
Shoes
Ladies Spiked Shoes
Ladies Spikeless Shoes
View all Ladies Golf
Ladies Golf Overview
Brands
Clearance
Sale
Help & Info
Login / Register
Wish list
Change country / currency
(£)
Back to top
FREE UK STANDARD DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £30
Shop with confidence - Extended Returns Policy
Give the gift of golf - Shop Gift Vouchers
Now accepting payments via KLARNA
Home
Customer service
Privacy Policy
Customer Services
Help
Ordering Information
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Refunds
Gift Voucher
Loyalty Points
About OnlineGolf
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Multiple Offers
Secure Online Ordering
Help
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Refunds
Gift Voucher
Loyalty Points
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Multiple Offers
Secure Online Ordering
PRIVACY POLICY
PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes current policies and practices with regard to Personal Data collected manually or through this website ("website"). This website is operated by, and Personal Data collected through it will be controlled by american golf, Units 1-4, Priestley Road, Wardley Industrial Estate, Worsley, Manchester, M28 2LY, United Kingdom.
The term "Personal Data" refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, telephone number, e-mail address or mailing address.
The terms "you" and "your" when used in this Privacy Policy means any user of this website.
Notification of changes to this Privacy Policy
This website is continually improved by adding new functionality and features and by improving and adding to existing services. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, data practices will change from time to time. If and when data practices change, such changes will (as soon as practicable) be posted on this website to notify you of the changes. You should check this page frequently.
You will understandably have a concern about privacy. Your privacy is respected and your personal information is treated with the highest standards of safety, security and confidentiality. To better protect your privacy, this notice explains online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used on this website. If you have questions regarding this Policy, contact DPO@onlinegolf.co.uk
Explaining the Legal Basis
The law on data protection sets out a number of different reasons for which a company may collect and process your personal data, including:
Consent
In specific situations, we can collect and process your data with your consent.
For example, when you tick a box to receive email newsletters
When collecting your personal data, we’ll always make clear to you which data is necessary in connection with a particular service.
Contractual obligations
In certain circumstances, we need your personal data to comply with our contractual obligations.
For example, if you order an item from us for home delivery, we’ll collect your address details to deliver your purchase, and pass then to our courier.
Legal compliance
If the law requires us to, we may need to collect and process your data.
For example, we can pass on details of people involved in fraud or other criminal activity affecting the company to law enforcement.
Legitimate interest
In specific situations, we require your data to pursue our legitimate interests in a way which might reasonably be expected as part of running our business and which does not materially impact your rights, freedom or interests.
For example, we will use your purchase history to send you or make available personalised offers.
We also combine the shopping history of many customers to identify trends and ensure we can keep up with demand, or develop new products/services.
Collection of Personal Data including e-mail addresses
Information is collected about you in an effort to make products and services on this website more efficient and customized to you. You are free to browse this website without revealing any personal information about yourself. However, once you provide your personal information, you are not anonymous.
The information you provide will be collected and stored securely. You may use this website to register to receive additional information or services. When you register, you will be asked for contact information like your name, postal address and e-mail address.
The information that you provide is sometimes supplemented with information that is received from third parties. For instance, if inaccurate postal or zip codes are received, third party software may be used to rectify this.
Use of Personal Data
The purposes for which Personal Data is processed include the following:
To respond to your requests and to fulfil your orders for products and services.
To improve products and services, make your experience more efficient and relevant and provide you with a personalised service.
To administer this website.
To analyse and research website visitors' demographics, interests, and pages viewed based on the information provided during ordering, from server log files, or surveys.
To contact you from time to time with information of new products and services or events that may be of interest to you.
Who do we share your data with
To help personalise your journey through the website we currently use the following companies, who will process your personal data as part of their contracts with us:
Anthill
Trustpilot
Emarsys
HotJar
Endless
Go Inspire
How can you stop the use of your personal data
There are several ways you can stop direct marketing communications from us:
Click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication that we send you. We will then stop any further emails.
If you have an account, log in into your account, visit the ‘My Account’ area and change your communication preferences.
Write to Data Protection Office, Units 1-4, Priestley Road, Wardley Industrial Estate, Worsley, Manchester, M28 2LY, United Kingdom
Email DPO@onlinegolf.co.uk
Please note that you may continue to receive communications for a short period after changing your preferences while our systems are fully updated.
Anonymous data collected through this website
In addition to the information collected as described above, technology is used to collect anonymous information about the use of this website. These technologies may include though are not limited to, Google Analytics Advertising Features such as ‘Remarketing with Google Analytics’ and ‘Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting’. These and other technologies may be used to track which pages of this website visitors view as well as to collate non-personal demographic information about our visitors. Technology may also be used to determine which web browsers visitors use. This technology does not identify you personally, it simply enables the compilation of statistics about website visitors and their use of this website.
IThis website contains hyperlinks to other pages on this website. Technology may be used to track how often these links are used and which pages on this website visitors choose to view. Again this technology does not identify you personally & it simply enables the compilation of statistics about the use of these hyperlinks.
Such anonymous data is used to improve the content and functionality of this website and e-mail updates, to better understand clients and markets, and to improve services.
Cookies and IP address
In order to collect the anonymous data described in the preceding paragraph, in the future temporary "cookies" that collect the first level domain name of the user (for example, if your e-mail address is "john@bigmail.com," the cookie collects the "bigmail.com" portion of your e-mail address) and the date and time you accessed this website may be used. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to discover the identity of the user. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not.
As part of our efforts to provide you with a more personalised experience, we may occasionally email you offers or reminders based on your shopping preferences. If you would like to opt-out of this service, please follow the instructions on this page.
IP address may also be used to help diagnose problems with this website's server and to administer this website. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on a network, or in this case, the Internet. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information, such as determining how many visitors are from outside of the UK.
Disclosure of your Personal Data
Your Personal Data will not be shared, sold or distributed with unrelated third parties, except under these circumstances:
Personal Data may occasionally be transferred to third parties for further processing in accordance with the purposes for which the data was originally collected or for purposes to which you have subsequently consented.
Personal Data will be transferred to third parties for further processing in order to fulfil orders placed by you via this Web Site and to provide an after sales service.
Third parties are engaged to perform services or functions in order to manage and improve this website, merchandising, marketing and promotional efforts, communications or other services. Those third parties include authorized contractors, consultants, legal advisors and other companies (collectively, "agents"). They only have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, and may not share any personal information with others or use it for any other purposes than that which is contractually agreed. Where appropriate, before disclosing Personal Data to a third party, that third party is contractually required to take adequate precautions to protect that data and maintain confidentiality. Information about you may also be received from other sources (such as demographic information and purchase history) and it may be added to records about you in order to make marketing efforts more efficient.
The information in this website's databases may be shared or transferred to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, to protect the security or integrity of the databases or this website, to take precautions against legal liability, or in the event of a sale, merger, reorganisation, dissolution or similar event.
Where you have consented, your information may be disclosed to partners or other businesses who may contact you about their products or services that may interest you.
During the purchase process, your information may be shared with certain intermediaries (e.g. UPS) strictly to process and ship your order.
Data integrity and security
Personal Data in this website's databases are maintained to a high standard of reliability, accuracy, completeness and currency and to protect the privacy and security of the databases. Personal Data will be kept only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements.
Employees and third parties who have access to Personal Data have been trained to handle such data properly and in accordance with security protocols and strict standards of confidentiality. Although loss, misuse, unauthorised disclosure, alteration or destruction of data cannot be guaranteed, such unfortunate occurrences are prevented as far as reasonably possible.
Security measures protect you while you shop on this website so that you never have to worry about credit card safety. This website's servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an encryption technology that works with Netscape, Microsoft Internet Explorer, and AOL's browser, so that no other party can read a buyer's personal information. Only the last five digits of your credit card number will be revealed when you are sent an order confirmation. However, the entire credit card number will be transmitted to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
Gift certificates
If you purchase a gift certificate on this website, you will be asked to provide the recipient's name and e-mail address. The recipient information you provide will only be used to deliver the gift certificate and for no other purpose.
Third party sites
This website may contain hyperlinks to web sites operated by third parties. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. Such websites are controlled by third parties and as such you should review any privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any Personal Data about yourself. The information practices of those websites linking from or to this website are not covered by this Policy, and you are encouraged to be very cautious before you disclose your personal information to others.
Data access and corrections
Upon receipt of your written request and enough information to permit identification of your Personal Data, such Personal Data held about you will be disclosed to you. Corrections, amendments or deletions to Personal Data that is inaccurate can be made and will be notified to any third party recipients.
If you wish to access or correct your Personal Data, please write to us at Data Protection Officer, american golf, Units 1-4, Priestley Road, Wardley Industrial Estate, Worsley, Manchester, M28 2LY, United Kingdom, or e-mail us at DPO@onlinegolf.co.uk. You will not be charged for a correction request, Requests to delete Personal Data are subject to any applicable legal and ethical reporting or document retention obligations.
You may ask to have your account information removed from this website's active databases; however, because this website tracks past purchases, information associated with past purchases can not be deleted. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible based on your account activity. Also, as a security measure the data stored on this website's systems is "backed-up", and such prior information cannot be completely removed from the databases. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your Personal Data will be completely removed from the databases in response to your requests. However, please be aware that your personally identifiable information will be kept only for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or to comply with any applicable legal or ethical reporting or document retention requirements.
Children's privacy
You must be at least 18 years old to use this website. Personal Data about visitors under 18 years of age will not be knowingly collected, used or disclosed. If you are a minor, you can use this website only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
Transfer of Personal Data abroad
Personal data which you submit to this website may be processed in a country other than England but steps are taken to ensure that your Personal Data is kept secure by contractual and technical means.
Of course, the Internet is made up of a large number of international connections. If you are visiting this website from a country other than the country in which its server is located (currently England), the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting this website and communicating electronically, you consent to these transfers.
Governing law
This Privacy Policy forms part of the website Terms of Use and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England & Wales. You agree to submit any dispute arising out of your use of this website to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England & Wales.
Contacting the Regulator
If you feel that your data has not been handled correctly, or are unhappy with our response to any requests you have made to us regarding the use of your personal data, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s Office
You can contact them by calling 0303 123 1113 or go online to https://ico.org.uk/
If you are based outside the UK, you have the right to lodge your complaint with the relevant data protection regulator in your country of residence.
Questions
If you have further questions about this Privacy Policy or comments on how this website can be improved, please do not hesitate to send an email to DPO@onlinegolf.co.uk or write to Data Protection Officer, Units 1-4, Priestley Road, Wardley Industrial Estate, Worsley, Manchester, M28 2LY, United Kingdom.
Use of Personal Data for Credit Checking
To ensure that your credit, debit or chargecard is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Data
Klarna
In order to be able to offer you Klarna’s payment options, we will pass to Klarna certain aspects of your personal information, such as contact and order details, in order for Klarna to assess whether you qualify for their payment options and to tailor the payment options for you.
General information on Klarna you can find here. Your personal data is handled in accordance with applicable data protection law and in accordance with the information in Klarna’s privacy policy.
How do I track my order?
All of our orders are shipped on fully trackable services. When your order is dispatched from our Distribution Centre, you will receive an email with a link to your tracking.
How do I return something?
We want to make shopping with us as easy as possible. Should you be dissatisfied with a purchase from the onlinegolf website, you may return unused products in their original packaging and with any labels within 30 days of receipt for a full refund. For full details on how to return your purchase, please visit our Returns and Refunds page here.
What happens if I miss the couriers when they deliver?
For the security of your order, all of our deliveries require a signature. If you unfortunately miss the delivery of your order, the courier will attempt to deliver it to a neighbour. If this is not possible, the courier will leave you a card informing you that an attempted delivery has taken place, with information about what will happen next. The courier may try to redeliver or another day, or you may be given options to choose new delivery options.
If you have any questions about the delivery of your order, our Aftersales team are there to assist you via email at aftersales@onlinegolf.co.uk
I've made an error on my order - how do I change it?
If we have not begun processing your order for delivery, we are able to make changes to the products you have selected. Please contact our Aftersales team as soon as possible by sending us an email at aftersales@onlinegolf.co.uk
If we have started processing your order for delivery, unfortunately we are unable to make changes prior to shipping.
How do I cancel my order?
If we have not begun processing your order for delivery, we are able to cancel it and you will not be charged. Please contact our Aftersales team as soon as possible, between 9am and 5pm (GMT) Monday to Friday and Bank Holidays by e-mailing aftersales@onlinegolf.co.uk
If we have started processing your order for delivery, don’t worry. Our returns policy allows goods to be returned up to 30 days after you receive your order, as long as they are unused and in their original packaging.
Inspiration & advice
Create an account
Close
By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies or find out more here.
Loading